Textbook reference is essential. There are about 20 assignments, which are usually due 2 days apart from each other. Just do a bunch of them at once and you'll be ok :-),5.0,4.0
Great class. Fewer bonus marks available than in CS 145. Midterm and final are both still pretty hard, but grading is forgiving.,5.0,4.0
Fantastic class. Midterm and final can be hit or miss (because you might not be able to figure out how to do it!) but plenty of potential bonus marks.,5.0,4.0
Funny dude on piazza, cool dude irl,5.0,3.0
Awesome prof! Worth taking. The content of the lectures is very diffecult,5.0,4.0
First offering of the course so marking was extremely lenient. Clear teacher, definitely would take the enriched again.,5.0,3.0
Absolutely great prof!! No one else could have given such a good introduction to CS. His lectures were the most interesting from all my first year profs. Also, he made the course material pretty challenging and way more fun than the regular CS courses. His lecture notes are complete and very helpful. Best class I took in my first year.,4.5,2.0
Cares so much about being a good teacher it's astounding. He constantly refines his courses and puts effort into ensuring that he presents material in the right way. For example, he does original research in computer science on data structures that are easier to teach than the existing ones. So much respect for him, great prof.,5.0,2.0
Amazing professor, but you need to put some effort into learning the concepts!,5.0,3.0
Such an amazing prof. You wouldn't think it at first, as sometimes his lectures are slightly dull and hard to follow, but he does a great job in terms of challenging his students and is very helpful. Really makes you understand and love functional programming. Take this course if you have the aptitude, it's far more rewarding than CS135/6.,5.0,4.0
A very, very hard course, which should be expected because it is Advanced level. However, he generally does a good job explaining concepts and is very helpful during office hours. Sometimes it is difficult to stay concentrated during class though.,3.0,5.0
Very interesting class, definitely recommend it. The prof is very knowledgeable and clear when explaining. Thumbs up!,4.0,5.0
Amazing prof. The final exam was really creative and interesting.,4.5,3.0
I didn't enroll in CS 146 but I go to his class for my own interest. He teaches materials that are a lot different from CS 136. He didn't teach C at all in the lectures but he stick with Racket and taught us some compiler and assembler stuff. It's pretty hard to understand in first year. He is an amazing prof, funny and very smart.,4.5,4.0
Class is hard but you can really learn a lot from him. Hard assignments and exams, but since it's advanced course this is expected. Very personable.,4.5,4.0
He is a very "pro" and nice professor. He knows the material very well. But he is a little lacking on explanation. A few of the material he covered are a little unclear. May be I suck at it. His assignments are hard and it gets you to think. He really challenges you to think about CS deeply. His exams are pretty challenging.,4.5,3.0
This man taught me how to teach. An incredibly clear lecturer who nurtures student interest by introducing motivation for material before presenting it such that the reasoning behind the material becomes intuitive. Exams were extremely well-written, to the point of being fun.,5.0,5.0
Great professor. He is exceptionally good at explaining ideas and concepts and is always enthusiastic while delivering them. He designed the entire CS curriculum, so he is also obviously very smart. Take CS 145, more fun, more challenging, and more interesting than CS 135/115.,5.0,3.0
Take CS 145. You will learn a lot of interesting stuff.,5.0,3.0
Cool, down-to-earth guy. Very helpful with material and more (he will answer other questions too!). Also is on Facebook, and actively participates in student groups/forums. Posts funny comments during our exams for us to see after.,4.5,4.0
He assigns a lot of work and the midterm was hard. However, he was very willing to help out when asked and it was very clear that he was trying really hard to teach well.,5.0,5.0
Avoid this guy's offering of CS 442 unless you are an exceptional student.,3.0,5.0
Earns his salary. Had 16-page midterm marked for the entire section in three days. Reasonable in expectations. Challenging, but worth it.,4.5,3.0
CS 145 can be difficult for those without prior mathematical experience. However, if you know what induction and recursion are, and are willing to put in a bit of time, you ought to do well. The professor teaches well and is very nice, but you do need to actually know how to code. Don't expect a trivial course and you'll get a very interesting one.,4.5,2.0
Good prof, extremely helpful during office hours. Made the course accessible to poeple with no prior experience, yet still interesting for people with lots of experience. Assignments are often very challenging though. Exams were well written.,4.5,5.0
A brilliant lecturer of a difficult class (but definitely worth it in the end).,4.5,4.0
Intelligent, friendly guy. Really knows what he's doing. Can be a little unclear, boring, and/or long-winded sometimes.,4.0,3.0
This guy is hard. Don't take his course unless you are willing to put effort into it. His assignments are very hard. That being said, if you do put in the effort, this might be the most rewarding course you ever take.,4.0,5.0
Painfully hard, the course still gives me nightmares. At the same time, assignments do a great job of teaching. Very fair on the exams, and does nice bell curves. I think many people got over 100 in this course (the CS geniuses of course), but as long as you stuck around, the mark adjusting helped. Assignments take VERY long and are VERY hard.,3.5,5.0
good prof, but it takes getting used to his teaching style. The assignments were quite challenging, but at least after you completed it, you felt you had a better grasp of the material. the assignments were hard, but you have to remember this is the University of Waterloo - arguably one of the best CS schools in North America,3.5,2.0
Very good at teaching scheme. He teaches very fast, which is ideal for an advanced course, but probably very bad for a regular course. I took the course with significant prior knowledge of programming, and I must admit that is was very helpful, despite everyone saying that it's not necessary. Gives a LOT of bonus marks, but also a LOT of work.,4.5,3.0
simply the worst prof at waterloo. Goes on with his little stories forever. His teaching is quite dull, and his presentation of the material needs to be improved.,2.0,4.0
Prabhakar has a very unique teaching style unlike any instructor I've had. He teaches the lesson from the ground up, to guide you to recreate and understand the entire picture yourself. Yet at the same time, he gives you all the necessary information in a clear and logical fashion. I've enjoyed every CS 145 lecture so far.,4.5,2.0
This is the single most dedicated prof at this school, that I have encountered. The level at which he genuinely cares about students is astonishing. This course made me love CS.,5.0,2.0
this prof's explanations are OK, but could be more straightforward sometimes, instead of using those long sentences and big words. His exams are marked pretty generous, as long as you really show your understanding of the material.,4.0,2.0
All talking....Quite boring...,2.0,4.0
I didn't like the class cause frankly, I hate cs. However, I've got respect for this prof because he obviously really loves what he does. His assignments were difficult (didn't retain to lecture material!), but I found the midterm and final to be fair. More in class examples and moving slower in some sections would've make the course more bearable.,3.0,3.0
great prof...could be a better lecturer, but his assignments prepare you so well fr the midtrm and the final, that if u end up doing and understanding the assignments (which are hard) yourself, u'll do well in the course...and u actually end up learning something...,4.0,1.0
One of the most passionate profs I've ever hard. He cares about his performance and how well you learn. He's one of the only profs that will discuss his ratings by students, and takes these ratings very seriously. Also an incredibly bright guy; one of the smartest people I know (in CS, music, travel, etc -- he's a well-rounded guy!),4.5,3.0
Very devoted and actually cares about students education. Incredibly helpful to see outside of class and encourages students to do so. Assignments and exams are tough but fair. You'll definately learn a lot. He isn't the best lecturer, but isn't that bad either. If your looking for an easy credit, wrong guy, if you actually want to learn, excellent,4.5,3.0
Wow, alot a good rating...unfortunatly I have to disagree. Did you guys take the same final as I did??lol Man, crazy hard. Very tough assignments as well. Also I found his lectures to be sooo dull, couldnt keep my eyes open... But yes, he is a great guy, helps you out when asked.,3.0,5.0
Just like so many people here already said: a very, very caring and devoted scholar, a zealot in his own way. Looking forward to see more of him in later courses.,4.0,2.0
He is truly a genious!. Cares a lot about the students. Midterms are ok, final is impossible! Lack of past exam paper is one of the main reason for not being able to make good prep. for final. But overall, he is a great teacher.!,5.0,2.0
One of the few profs in Waterloo CS who actually cares about teaching and the underaduate curriculumn. His lectures are often not so clear, but he is very helpful if you go see him outside of class. In upper year classes he has a tendancy to slaughter his students, but if you take a course with him you will learn a lot.,4.0,5.0
Easiest mid-term ever, and hardest final ever :( No previous years questions / sample questions available for the last part of the course (mutation), or any other part for that matter. Assignment 10 was nothing compared to the final exam questions on mutation, which is undoubtedly the hardest topic!! Reason is that he is too lazy to make new exams.,3.0,3.0
Awesome, really cares about his students, particularly if you care to learn. Definitely worth having as a prof. Take CS 135, don't torture yourself with the ugliness that is Java.,5.0,3.0
He's definitely not student friendly when it comes to assignments, exams etc. : assignments are hard, as they don't correspond to lectures or the text-book; and he doesn't provide a copy of previous years' mid-term papers, sample mid-terms etc. Also, a person would be better off taking Java rather than the programming language he teaches - Scheme.,2.5,4.0
Excellent,5.0,3.0
Very clear and precise about assignments,5.0,4.0
Loves his subject,5.0,3.0
This guy's a freakin genious yo...Definitly know ALOT..I mean ALOT...but only if you like the stuff he's teaching..if you dont it can be a pain..for me it was an amazing experience. hope to have him as a prof for future courses,4.5,4.0
His style may not be to everyone's taste, but I liked him, both as a prof and as a person. Of all profs I had in 6 terms at Waterloo, he impressed me the most.,5.0,3.0
This prof was the stuff out of nightmares!!! I never thought they would've let such an ass teach at such a prestigious university. I believe that this guy should pack up his very old fashioned style and move to trent.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
Though it would be a tragedy for his students to be deprived of the chance to learn from this brilliant man, he so clearly should have been a rock star.,5.0,3.0
Dude's an evil genius, but a really smart guy in my class told me the secret: the songs he plays before class aren't just songs. They're clues to the test answers. No room here to explain fully, but pay attention to titles and think plain ol' binary code.,5.0,5.0
This sloe-eyed demon can and will provoke, tempt and cajole the best possible work out of you. Stern, sometimes even forbidding manner, but really just a baa-lamb underneath.,5.0,5.0
Prabhakar is a vastly underrated prof. I think he's an excellent lecturer, and just because he designs courses so that you have to EARN a good mark instead of getting one by default doesn't make him a bad professor.,4.0,5.0
AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!! Excruciatingly hard exams...Lectures are somewhat engaging, but he often gives overly complicated explanations,3.5,5.0
,1.0,5.0
I think he is a good prof. He is trying to make students learn the material and not merely getting a high mark without knowing anything. His exams and assignments are tough, but he is always there to help!,5.0,4.0
Not sure why other people are so against him: he's extremely charismatic, but in an refreshing take-you-out-of-the-boring-box way. I found him engaging and easy to learn from.,3.5,2.0
Sometimes tries to step back and give a more general view of the material, which is interesting and welcome. Music before class is also nice. However, he does tend to plow through things that could use more explaining.,4.0,2.0
He has the guts to BS on the newsgroup of a course that he's been banned to teach, and says any course that he teaches won't be easy. We don't need profs like this.,1.0,5.0
Easily the worst teacher in all Math Faculty. Both sucks and blows. nuff said...,1.0,5.0
easily the worst cs prof ever. he made absolutely no sense.,1.0,4.0
I'm happy he is banned from cs341 forever.... this would be better for him... of course he makes big attemps on the newsgroups, but it will not help him in no way...,1.0,4.0
ok, a little dull. He doesnt care if the class is not following the lecture (which happend frequently).,3.0,3.0
very vague presentation, course slides are filled with bugs, also show some ratio profiling,1.0,5.0
very charismatic. good taste in music. philosophical. extremely tough exams.,5.0,5.0
His exams test concepts, not memorization so if you get that, you'll do well.,4.0,3.0
He's better teaching graduate courses. Fewer people and everyone's almost on,3.0,2.0
Made boring material even more boring. VERY poor at preparing lectures.,1.5,4.0
Very very good in this class. The assignments still give me nightmares,5.0,4.0
Best prof I had at UW.,4.5,2.0
Interesting to listen to.,3.5,2.0
if you have ragde, DROP THE COURSE NOW!!!!,2.5,5.0
Annoying digressions on music, philosophy etc., but an excellent teacher,5.0,3.0
Course had 49% avg on midterm. Gave hard assg'ts with high application level.,2.5,5.0
Lazy prof, never prepare for lecture. Can't teach too.,1.5,5.0
Killer exams. Spend more time on this course than OS! Helpful outside class,4.0,5.0
Sadistic SOB, good administrator, horrible prof,1.0,5.0
Thinks that exams are not for testing what you've learned. extremely HARD,2.0,5.0
good prof, but exams are like assignments! TUFF!,3.5,5.0
really doubt about his teaching skills, usually talked about nonsense,1.0,5.0
Very intelligent prof, too bad course is dull,4.5,2.0
talks off topic too much, hard course, stay focused please,2.5,4.0
all I can say, is that this guy made the course fun!,5.0,2.0
Genuinely intelligent prof. (No, really.) Friendly and helpful, too.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,3.0,4.0
i think he should prep more. he was trying to figure stuff out as he went along,4.0,2.0
loose the white shoes&black jeans Mr RUNDMC goodprof+badcourse=forgetful course,4.5,3.0
bad course, but good prof :),3.5,4.0
teaching the most boring course ever, he made it interesting.,5.0,3.0
probably the best cs prof,5.0,1.0
BESTT ever...........i miss his lectures,5.0,1.0
very boring!,3.0,1.0
Would tell us little stories that had nothing to do with the course.,1.0,5.0
I stopped attending lectures by my old prof when I found this guy. He is amazing,4.5,3.0
incredibly pompus; over-inflated opinion of himself,1.5,5.0
TOO BORING! SLEEP EVERY CLASS,1.0,5.0
worst prof ever...too damn slow and cant do a continuous sentance,1.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Best prof. I've ever had,5.0,3.0
A true teacher. Knows how to captivate the student.,4.5,4.0
This guys hilarious - do not miss his beginning of class anecdotes,4.0,2.0
An articulate, intelligent interesting man. Definitely my fav prof.,5.0,3.0
Most Interesting Prof Ever :),4.0,2.0
This man makes you think - smart individual and NOT a bird course if he teaches,4.0,2.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
No Comments,5.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
This prof is the definition is useless. Any question you ask will be responded with "please check X file in learn" rather than answering the question. Does not promote or inspire kids to learn, only to do the work she assigns so she does not have to do any more than the status quo. Avoid at all costs.,1.0,5.0
I took her course in Fall 2020. The assignment difficulty was okay (but long). The quizzes were hard but passable. The lectures made me fall asleep. The midterm and final exams were unnecessarily difficult. Most questions on the exams were challenging proof or theoretical questions instead of application.,3.0,3.0
Boring content, hard to understand.,1.0,4.0
Very cliche,1.0,3.0
Honestly, a score of 1 flatters her. Her course modules are just her reading off the course notes. To make it worse, she casually skips steps in derivations and randomly throws in unproven formula. Her assignments are long, dry, and repetitive. Also, I have never seen her give a helpful answer on Piazza.,1.0,3.0
worst prof ever, she was not willing to help students and didn't teach anything,1.0,5.0
4500 words report + 1.5 hr quiz for final. NEVER answer your question properly. Whatever you say is a complaint.,1.0,4.0
She is the worst prof I've ever had. If you ask her a question, all she ever replies with is "read the textbook" which is also written very poorly. The Mobius quizzes are the literal definition of torture. It is timed 1h and you won't know how many questions there are (involves a lot of calculations as well). I don't understand why she is a prof.,1.0,5.0
worst prof ever, doesn't want to help students, makes everything so difficult for students, stay away,1.0,4.0
This is her response after she put up a misleading question in a quiz "Not all facts you are given on a test (and life!) need to be asked in such a way that NO person will ever make a mistake. The onus is on the student to read the question well and think!" (while in fact, almost everyone misunderstood the question and got wrong answer) What a joke,1.0,5.0
AVOID HER AT ALL COST!!!!!,1.0,5.0
Worst professor ever. Her lecture videos are completely useless. I learned better through reading the course notes. Kept making mistakes in quizzes and penalize students for her own mistake. She has never ever admitted that she made a mistake, even when it's very obvious that the question had an incorrect solution or worded ambiguously. Avoid her!,1.0,3.0
Very dismissive. Makes no effort to answer questions in detail. Very tough/unfair marking. Stubborn/unwilling to make accomodations to help students, even in difficult times like COVID. Uses same assignments each term, so no solutions are released and you can't know where you messed up. Interesting course, but she is not a good prof in my opinion.,1.0,3.0
After reading the other reviews here, I think we can all agree on the fact that she's absolutely horrible at answering Piazza posts. She never actually answers your questions, she only dodges it, asking you to find the answer yourself (I wouldn't be asking you if I didn't need clarification!!) Lazy and very rude with her comments. One of the worst.,1.0,4.0
I've never met a prof who specifies using a (TERRIBLE) template for submitting assignments and refuses to let students add/remove space after questions. There's not enough space and all she can say is "you can format it to fit". These are equations we're talking about, NOT a resume. Assignments are also not on the actual content "taught". Horrible.,1.0,4.0
She is by far the most rude professor I've ever had when responding to questions and never answers the student properly, instead just telling them to read the textbook again. The content of the final assignment was entirely around coding in R when the there has been literally no content covering R until that point. An absolute embarrassment.,1.0,4.0
Tough grader. Rude. Stubborn.,1.0,2.0
Lets you write a cheat sheet and the exams were very similar to the practice exams. Taking this course with her online is a really hard to screw up.,4.0,3.0
She explains stuff very clearly and always willing to answer questions! Very engaging during lectures. Exams are fair!,5.0,3.0
Absolutely awful. Not helpful to students who approach and has the most terrible marking scheme. Avoid her class.,1.0,1.0
Stubborn and unaccommodating professor. Not willing to help students who approach her. Doesn't consider student feedback at all -- 0/10 would not recommend,1.0,1.0
Extremely rude professor. Not very helpful to student responses, more often to just respond with a snark comment. Poor teaching skills, and course coordination skills. Doesn't listen to student feedback.,1.0,3.0
Dont know why she appears to be so mean on our marks: the lecture room is far from the other lecture buildings but she will always start the participation questions at the very beginning of the class? She doesn't consider if people would get injured on a slippery road when rushing from another classroom far from hers. Tends to give everyone lowmark,1.0,2.0
The meanest professor I have ever encountered at UW. Never put her feet into students' shoes!!! Switched out of her section after she mocked at me because I got one clicker question wrong!!!,1.0,3.0
Extremely disappointed and upset with Cyntha's teaching/behaviour this term. Questions on tests are misleading, marking schemes are strict, and do not follow the nature of the question asked. Rude on class forums, over email, and in person. Extremely unprofessional, and makes people feel degraded with how sarcastic, unhelpful, and mean she is.,1.0,4.0
Enjoys her work, makes the tutorials fun. Approachable, and understandable.,3.0,4.0
I took STATS 230 and 231 with her.. Don't know what people are complaining about. She is really nice in class. If you focus on the material and actually go to class with a positive attitude, she will guide you through and help you learn! I went to office hours once and she was really patient. sometimes rude on piazza though.,4.0,2.0
Not a fan. Degrades students regularly like she's trying to be cool, but it really is just rude. Also extremely rude on Piazza - a simple yes or no is fine, but she gets extremely sarcastic. "Does that make any sense??????????" Spends more time talking about her personal life than teaching, focuses on all the wrong things. Avoiding her for STAT 231,1.5,5.0
Most terrible so-called prof in UW,1.0,1.0
terrible old whatever,1.0,5.0
terrible teacher,1.0,5.0
Very terrible and awful prof. ever seen so far. Not helpful and rude on piazza and office hours. Wait for Surya Banerjee's term.,1.0,5.0
Out of the 20 class I've taken so far she's the worst teacher ever, class averages are low even when she's not your professor just because she has a tough marking scheme as well as tests. Like everyone else says, don't even bother asking questions she'll say she explained it in class already or tell you to go to the website,1.0,5.0
terrible teacher.,1.0,5.0
It's like she enjoys seeing her students fail. Don't bother asking her questions, she will just say she already explained it in class and make you feel stupid. Go ask the TAs instead.,1.0,4.0
She is a very responsible teacher. She explains everything clearly. Don't know why some people think she is bad...I love her jokes too.,4.5,2.0
I love this prof so much cuz she has solid skills on the distributional probability, estimation and hypothesis testing. You MUST ATTEND her lectures since the notes provided is SUPPLEMENTARY. taking her lectures is the way to love stat and definitely enjoy it =) PS: STUDY HARD AND DO EXERCISE!,5.0,3.0
Excellent lecturer. This course is not impossible, but requires substantial time commitment. MUST ATTEND CLASS since the course notes package does not present any answers to example questions (same for 330).,4.0,2.0
Not only demeaned students in class, but also on the discussion board for the class. Don't go to her lectures unless you absolutely have to. Go to Surya Banerjee's instead.,1.0,5.0
Sometimes she is helpful and sometimes not. I felt that she is nice to some students~ the ones she likes. Just have to get on her good side. I want a good grade for the course but her exams and assignments are tedious. She tests you in everything. Makes you work hard. Try to Avoid if you want the easy way out.,2.5,4.0
Mean, rude and demeaning.,2.0,3.0
I remember when I had this teacher it was so bad, but at least her class is a joke. Just don't show up to class you're mark will actually go down lol!,1.0,2.0
This professor is not up to University of Waterloo standards.,1.0,4.0
This proffessor gets EXTREMELY upset when you ask for clarification of things. In fact I think she gets downright offended. Which is disadvantageous as a student because if you're not 100% sure on a concept, you can't ask her for help since she'll respond with some sarcastic comment and not answer your question.,1.0,5.0
I do not like this professor. She does not seem like she cares about the students or material that she is teaching.,1.0,5.0
she is very mean and not willing to help students.,1.0,5.0
awful teacher, why did i get stuck with her? you can already see less students showing up for her class and more showing up for the other section, people are tired of putting up with a teacher that's not there to teach you mathematics. she's simply there to collect her salary and go home. poor preparation for all classes, reads off of a paper.,1.0,5.0
Ignores student questions, I asked a question in class and she looked at me like I was stupid then didn't answer it, apparently she's too good to answer student questions. Is too lazy to re-explain concepts that were explained poorly the first time, thinks her style of teaching is perfect (it is not even close). Generally treats students like dirt,1.5,1.0
if you go to her office hours and ask her about certain concepts, she will give you a textbook page number and tell you to go read it on your own. not willing to teach struggling students. terrible. why would waterloo hire someone that is clearly not capable of teaching to waterloo standards ?,1.0,5.0
She tries but unfortunately for her trying isn't good enough especially when you treat students like they are so beneath you.,1.5,1.0
the worst profesor you will ever have, avoid unless you are a masocist,1.0,5.0
she is a great prof! learnt a lot from her class. If u go to all lectures, do every question from the problem set, should get over 90 for your overall grade. first test was super hard, but can be dropped. Final is long, but if u have done what she suggests, there should not be any problem.,4.0,3.0
Midterms were hard, and she didn't make the final any easier but harder. Avoid to take her class.,2.5,5.0
Please dont take her course. Tests and finals are all hard. Assignments are extremely long. If you dont collect assignments before a date you get a 0. I emailed her a couple of times to ask some stuff..never got a friendly reply. was just redirected by her to the course webpage. AVOID,3.0,4.0
She's an extremely mean person and it's difficult to get help from her. The marking in her course is horrible. If your solution differs from hers in the slightest, you will loose marks.,1.0,5.0
boring material..same as calculus from high school...sometimes funny, but very friendly.,4.0,2.0
Difficult course and assignments are long, but if you go to class, take notes, and seek help when needed then you should be fine. Everytime I ask her a question she is always friendly and explains well without making me feel incompetent, even if it's a simple concept. Midterms are okay, but can be tricky.,4.5,4.0
Worst professor ever. She can't teach, she makes mistakes all the time. She fails you if you miss one assignment or one midterm. Also, if you don't pick up an assignment or midterm, that's zero too. Never answers student question without some sarcastic remark. In general, just not a bright person and a mean one at that.,1.0,5.0
Worst teacher ever. The only reason she still teaches here is her husband is a professor in Waterloo...,1.5,5.0
This was a very tough course, but she's always willing to help and explain everything for you, even if it's a "stupid" question. Very well-organized notes and lectures.,5.0,5.0
She's the meaning of no pain no gain... assignments are like mission impossible. glad that her tests are do-able. Overall, good lecturer but tough marker,3.5,5.0
Her teaching is clear, but with a greate compromise in depth. If you just wanna pass the course, she's good teacher. If you indeed want to learn statistics, her teaching may appear a little superfacial. I think she's a great instructor for year 1 or year 2 courses. Not good for upper year or graduate teaching.,3.5,5.0
She always pushes us too hard. She is only late 5 mins for every class, but she still takes our tutorial time as lecture time and she always finishes every class 5 mins later than the schedule. Tons of assignments have to be done. Lots of notes on the blackboard need to be written even some of the writing is just wasting time.,2.5,5.0
You have to go to class for this one. Her tests and assignments and finals are all hard.,5.0,5.0
Cynthia is the best statistics instructor I've ever had. With her energetic teaching style she seems disproportionately eccentric, but this feature of her character is in fact very engaging. You will be rarely bored during lectures - and it is in your best interest to attend the lectures anyways. The material is perfectly structured and explained.,5.0,3.0
Very clear descriptions, but you have to go to class to understand the course. Prof is funny and insightful, all in all a great prof ^^,4.5,4.0
you HAVE to follow HER steps in solving the questions in exams and assignments...if you solve the question using a smarter alternative way which is not taught in class, FOR SURE you have marks deducted...terrible teaching...unorganized...it's math faculty...but she does not understand there are many ways of solving same questions in math...,1.0,3.0
If u don't go to class,the course note means nothing to u, if u do,she will explain everything to u. After all, a great prof,5.0,3.0
I wish I had her for my 1st and 2nd year calc/stat classes...she's awesome!,5.0,2.0
her marking is brutal, you lose marks for everything,1.0,5.0
Provides very clear explanations, fair exams, and gives hints as to what will be on midterms/exams. Notes are excellent. She is probably one of the best profs at UW.,4.0,2.0
excellent prof! i only wish i had her for my 1st and 2nd year classes.,5.0,2.0
If your a frosh avoid at all cost!,1.5,4.0
Does not explain enough, expects everything is already straight forward and was taught in highschool,2.0,4.0
I always found her lessons really well-prepared. She made everything seem so straight-forward, and was really friendly and approachable. Always there for extra help, too!,5.0,3.0
Great prof. She will one day be the definition of "eccentric." Very helpful. My only complaint is she tends to take too much time on some problems, thus lengthening lectures/tutorials,4.5,4.0
Excellent prof. Gets to know all her students. She also gives lectures that are really easy to follow and will give you extra help whenever you need it. You'll probably roll your eyes at her jokes, but for the love of God, enroll in her calc class!,5.0,3.0
Caring, ensures everyone understands.,5.0,2.0
She is helpful and very good at explaining the materials. The course itself is hard, and that is not her fault. I would have probably done worse with another prof.,3.5,3.0
An extremely bad professor. First of all, she doesn't think on her own on lectures, always uses her notes. Thus she makes a lot of mistakes, and doesn't really explain a lot. Second - she tries desperately to appear "pop" and pretends she is close to students. So she jumps a lot, tells stupid jokes and makes stupid faces. Who buys that crap?,1.5,3.0
She is an amazing professor. STAT 330 is a very challenging course. While she did not make it an easy course she did make me very interested in the material. As a result I did as well as I possibly could on this course. I highly recommend taking any course you can with her.,5.0,4.0
Made a hard course even harder,1.0,5.0
boring and highly overrated.,3.0,3.0
I had her for first year calculus. She explains everything very well, going through the material slowly, but surely. Gives lots of helpful examples in lectures and in the tutorials, making two easy courses even easier. She also tells amusing stories about her life, which to me works as an added bonus. Take Cyntha's classes, you won't regret it!,5.0,1.0
This woman is quite funny. She talks about her daily life, past funny experiences quite a lot, but in the right time (before we started to sleep over). She marked our exams fairly, we could never argue any marks back unless she did the arithmetic wrong. She is a good prof.,4.5,2.0
I have so much respect for this woman. She is such a wonderful prof who is always willing to help. Take her classes if you can get in. She made me love calculus..and even though i'm not in the math program anymore..I'll always remember the fun and enjoyable times i had in professor Stuthers class!,5.0,3.0
She's Awesome. St. Jerome's is awesome, take her classes they are awesome. However in most cases people copy down everything on the board in more in this case just copy the things that don't repeat themselves. Cyntha Rules,5.0,2.0
TAKE MATH137 w/ this prof. she is the GREATEST prof ever!!! if i could...i'd take every math class w/ her.,5.0,3.0
You will learn lots of stuffs as long as you keep going to her class. Her tests and problem sets are highly correlated to final. A funny person.,5.0,2.0
Boooooorring! Goes off on her own little tangents about how she accidentally used the mens washroom or about her son. Couldn't really understand what she was trying to tell us becuase she is sometimes all over the place.,2.5,3.0
Excellent prof who would say things you would never think a prof would say. Nonetheless, I find her pretty comical. She explains the obvious sometimes & she's pretty repetitive (But who wouldn't want a prof like that?). Very helpful!,5.0,3.0
She is one of my favorite prof at UW. She is very helpful and funny. She helped me understand and appreciate statistics a lot better. If you have a positive attitude going into her classroom you will have fun and learn a lot.,4.5,3.0
Great prof! Great sense of humour! Take it in while you're in first year 'cuz the 2nd year calc. profs are not that great...,5.0,2.0
I came to university actually liking calculus, then I took her class.,2.0,4.0
Worst class ever taken...worst prof i've ever had. Class avg before exam around 55% - claims we're the worst class she ever taught - however we think she's part of the problem.,1.0,5.0
Boring class. Her notes are not concise. She puts down every single details until you get confused.,3.0,3.0
One of the best lecturers I'm having in my 1st term!! Extremely good in her explanations!!! Plus has a weird sense of humour... Hmmm nono... A SICK sense of humour...,5.0,2.0
Best professor I had at that university! Recommended to anyone who has a remote interest in stats. Gives lots of office hours and will help out as long as you show you've put forth an effort. Definately makes attempts to give part marks!,5.0,3.0
Bad teacher.Goes way too fast.Her notes are in language so imprecise it's impossible to tell what she means.Only examples we saw were in class. Did not provide any solutions, cause someone may just pass them on to students taking the course next year .,1.0,4.0
She's a fun prof, but there are as many people who like and dislike her teaching. It's up to you if you want to attend her class.,3.0,2.0
If you want a lot of notes, she's the one to give 'em.,4.5,3.0
Top quality prof! Really organized, meaningful lectures. Always approachable for extra help,5.0,3.0
Thought she was horrible at the time, only to realize years later she was pretty nice and you grow to appreciate her attempts at humoring the class.,5.0,1.0
Great teacher....someone should tell her to wear a camisole with her blouses.,5.0,2.0
Names are a thing of the past; learn stats by Struthers personal formula numbers,3.5,4.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Great prof! Good explanations, lots of examples. Talks to you like you're a kid,5.0,1.0
Compared to many main campus profs she's really good. Clear, helpful & nice :),5.0,2.0
Approachable, refreshingly high-schoolish,5.0,3.0
Awesome prof! Very approachable and helpful. Intelligent teacher.,5.0,3.0
Stay on her good side, otherwise expect sass all semester; poor teacher/humour,2.0,5.0
Very approachable, great prof,5.0,3.0
so not funny, good teacher thou,3.0,3.0
Good notes,assignments for calc longer then maincampus.nicer in office thanclass,4.0,4.0
She gives good explanations for everything. Her jokes are a bit kinky though.,4.0,4.0
Helpful if you go see her, interested in students well-being, repetitive,4.5,3.0
She talks down to you like you're in kindergarden. But sometime's that good.,5.0,2.0
terrible teacher...bad manners,1.0,5.0
She's cool and lots of fun, but I still like Conrad and Steve better,4.5,3.0
if you miss your mom's mothering in university attend her class.,5.0,1.0
You'll think it's highschool all over again.,1.0,1.0
NEVER LOOK AT THE SADDLE POINT!,1.0,3.0
Very friendly and nice! Really smart lady.,5.0,2.0
You might as well read the textbook, that;'s all that she writes.,3.0,5.0
Really works hard!,5.0,3.0
She loves ass kissers,3.5,4.0
Fair and honest. Don't get on her bad side or ask stupid questions.,4.0,5.0
My God, what a horrible woman! Im usually a teachers pet but no way with her!,1.5,3.0
Weird sense of humour. But, smart and good to learn from.,4.0,3.0
Easily one of the best profs. Friendly, kind, helpful, and very fair.,5.0,2.0
Says "pitcher" not "picture". Laughs at student questions.,3.0,3.0
Says "Be-Bobbin'" too much.,4.0,2.0
terrible,1.0,5.0
Lectures are a bit scattered and notes are very sparse (course notes and in class) but was always available for questions and helped me a lot in writing assignments. Assignments were somewhat challenging but midterm and final were fair.,4.0,3.0
Godsil is equal parts brilliant and frustrating. Has an encyclopedic knowledge of the material, but goes off on crazy tangents. Doesn't write much on the board, prefers to prove by ranting. Talks very fast. Almost never proves anything formally, just sketches it. He knows what up and is a very interesting person, but he's really hard to follow.,2.0,3.0
Teaches extremely fast (skips a lot of logical steps) even though material is highly nontrivial. Fair midterm but rather difficult final exam. Course notes are also terse -- why not remove all the material that isn't taught, and use the extra paper to provide clearer proofs and so on?,2.5,4.0
A nice person and expects a lot from his students. The closest mathematician in mannerism to G.H. Hardy in Waterloo. The midterm was very fair, but the assignments were challenging. Expect to spend a lot of time on them, and learn a lot if you start early.,4.0,4.0
The class was alright, but he goes on to tangents that you have no clue how he got onto them; it gets confusing. On the plus side, he's very knowledgable and seems to know what he's talking about. His exam was long and difficult. I wouldn't recommend him if there's a better option, but sometimes you have to pick the best of several evils.,2.5,4.0
Great class - Lectures were awesome. Midterm and Final were fair but assignments were really difficult and time consuming. Lectures DO get better - difficult to understand at first - possible because of accent however after time its reasonably easy to follow. Course very entertaining and small class helped atmosphere.,4.0,2.0
Godsil is the man. I actually find this stuff interesting when he teaches it. Very good professor, really knows what hes talking about,4.0,1.0
If at first you don't like this prof, give him time. With his accent it sounds alot like he is mumbling at first, but it gets better and easier to follow. He really knows his stuff and teaches the course very well. Though most of his notes are right from the text, he gave detailed descriptions.,4.5,3.0
What's this guy doing teaching MATH 135? He seems like a really smart guy, and it seems wasted teaching us about GCDs and congruence. Has an accent, but an overall good lecturer. Very approachable.,4.5,3.0
Teaches well and is funny,5.0,3.0
Good prof..but with very difficult acsent. Teaches well though!,4.0,3.0
Knows his stuff. Always available for help.,4.5,2.0
High standards. May not be good for weak students.,5.0,4.0
knows his stuff, but assumes you know more than you do,3.0,3.0
Accent and writing can be difficult at times. Course is worse aspect.,2.0,4.0
better than Schellenberg I guess...,3.0,5.0
Not a very useful prof. I switched to Paul's but he is no good either,1.0,5.0
I dont know which prof is worse between Godsil and Schnellenberg... but they are both not good.,2.0,5.0
Made a hard course even harder. Smart guy, but hard to understand (g'day mate), and pretty dull.,1.5,5.0
He's the man!,4.0,3.0
Very organized lectures. Accent was sometimes difficult to understand, mumbled a little. Ok midterm and assignments, but difficult final.,3.5,4.0
Not a bad teacher, pretty easy midterms,3.5,3.0
Excellent teacher. Very good explanations of concepts. Never wastes any time (missing a class hurts). Very smart.,5.0,3.0
Improved TREMENDOUSLY from my last course with him. Knows ALL his students by name. Excellent teaching style. V.organized. Quite brilliant.,5.0,3.0
Not the best prof. Probably know the stuff but can't communicate. Weird accent. Overly confident.,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Has an unhealthy infatuation with Quolls, I wonder if his wife knows,1.0,5.0
Not the most coherent of instructors, but you do get used to his style.,3.0,3.0
i'd rather lick a quoll and jump off MC than be in his lecture, he deserves -4,1.0,5.0
If you can switch or drop the course (so many people can't be wrong),2.0,4.0
Unclear lectures, but writes helpful assignment questions. Drinks C-Plus.,1.5,2.0
Taught too slowly at the start, too quickly at the end.,3.5,4.0
Pay attention boys and girls, because this is how things are taught in 4th year!,5.0,4.0
Atleast he no longer dresses in bum clothing like in the summer term of 2001,3.0,4.0
Excerpt from lecture: mumblemumble...subspace....mumblemumble...vector..mumble,1.0,5.0
hard to understand. Don't go to his lectures, switch section or skip class.,1.5,4.0
Worst teacher, can't undersand what he says/writes/mumbles.mixture of 50 accents,1.0,5.0
even his TA is much much better than him,1.5,3.0
I didn't hear a word he said all term,3.0,1.0
Not all Australians are as exciting as crocodile hunter and Godsil is one of em,1.5,4.0
Ascerbic wit, and extremely clear and deliberate instruction. Fantastic.,4.5,4.0
Terrible teaching, hardly understood anything, skipped 99% of classes.,1.0,4.0
If only he could teach his courses would be good - now hes illegible and unclear,1.0,4.0
Nice guy, useless professor, notes were horrible and he's incomprehensible,1.5,5.0
Useless lectures,1.0,4.0
He gave me a LOT of help when I needed it.,4.5,3.0
a scholar: brilliant, kind-hearted & willing to help; in vain,2.0,4.0
This just sucks !!!,1.0,5.0
Can't understand what he says. Can't read what he writes.,1.0,3.0
I never skipped class prior to this one...,1.0,1.0
Very Bad...that's why I didn't go to his class after 3 classes,1.0,4.0
There is no way you will understand what he say and what he write.,1.0,3.0
Godsil wasted so much time writing LONG, useless proofs...,1.0,4.0
He mumbles!!!,1.5,3.0
Good man,5.0,4.0
Easily one of the best applied math profs I've had. Outlines concepts and proofs in a clear, easy-to-follow manner. Felt spoiled by the fact he compiled a full list of definitions and theorems as the course progressed. Provided a outline of what questions would be on the final. Almost entirely stuck to that.... Amazing!,5.0,2.0
He gives good intuitive outlines of proofs before rigourously doing it. This course is all proofs. A pretty straightforward class.,3.5,3.0
Amazing prof. Opening the textbook before the semester started had me afraid of how boring/hard the class would be, but he made the course shockingly interesting and relevant. The midterm was fair, the assignments were challenging. An organized, and absolutely inspiring educator. One of the teacher's that makes you proud of your school.,5.0,4.0
His notes are extremely organized. He's a funny guy too. Make sure you actually go through the class examples, because they cover what's asked in the labs. Also, do the recommended exercises and make sure you understand HIS notes. After all, he's the course coordinator. :o,4.5,2.0
probably the best prof you can ask for. makes his lectures so easy to follow, his jokes are the best, and he's always willing to help. go to class, do the homework and ask for help and you will do well. Now excuse me while I go eat a sandwich....,5.0,2.0
This guy is hilarious! He keeps his lectures easy to understand (like seriously, teaches it at a kindergarden level) so you learn the material fast. Hes just awesome, I cant even describe how awesome he is. Fair wanring though, his tests are by no means easy :P,5.0,3.0
Funny interesting prof i enjoyed having, however i do not people who were not too happy with him,5.0,3.0
Wouldn't call him the best, but he wasn't terrible either. He was a funny guy, and he was fun. But his writing was sometimes difficult to read, especially from the back. In the first half of the course he was awesome, and it was always hard to find a seat. In the second half, he was very confusing, and nothing made much sense; the class emptied.,3.5,3.0
He is a very good prof and I enjoy his class. He's funny and he can easily make the whole class relaxed.,5.0,2.0
cool professor, he's the most humourous one in my 1st year,4.0,2.0
Hes the course coordinator so that says a lot already. His online notes are amazing, you really actually dont need to attend/pay attention to his classes if you understand the online notes. the weekly labs are challenging, but the midterm & final were not bad. kinda soft-spoken, but he has a good sense of humour.,3.0,2.0
Given his material for linalg, I guess it wasn't too bad. To be honest, the textbook we used (lin alg and applications by mcgraw hill ryerson) was completely useless. BUT I never went to his lectures. His notes are better read than listened to. When I went for help, he was helpful. However without weekly tutorial problem sets I would have failed.,3.5,3.0
Hilarious prof. He knew his stuff, but yes he did make some mistakes. This textbook was a waste of my time, but his online notes were fantastic - slightly lengthy, but useful. Do not miss a single class as they are all connected - way more than any course i've ever taken. If you understand the theory in this course, inside and out, you'll be fine.,4.0,4.0
Awesome prof, he's a really funny guy without trying to be. Didn't like the course, but enjoyed going to class.,4.5,2.0
I have no idea what these ppl are saying below me but this guys lectures are soo boring that u'd wanna throw something at him or something,1.0,4.0
AWESOME W00T,5.0,3.0
Online notes were helpful, but be careful: they have errors in them. Often the assignments will have errors in them, and his notes given in class will have errors in them. Other than that, he is straight-forward, midterms, finals and assignments are fair. Real Analysis seems to be terribly boring, though.,3.0,3.0
Great prof, makes lectures interesting. All lectures were made very clear and understandable. His online lecture notes are also very well organized and easy to understand.,5.0,1.0
He's a good prof. I can't really complain, but the course was a huge joke. I won't take it again... A real analysis course without integration?!,4.5,1.0
It is very evident that he likes teaching. Classes were fun, and there was always a joke to laugh at.,4.5,3.0
Easy to understand and respects students,5.0,3.0
Taught algebra well. Got a 99 in the course.,4.0,1.0
good prof.. he knws how to teach...webnotes are awesome,5.0,3.0
He teaches calc really well, it's a good balance.,4.5,3.0
he's an awesome prof who makes it actually fun to sit through a calc lecture. Very helpful, great webpage, nice and funny.,5.0,3.0
Great teacher, great website with course notes, can't recommend him enough.,5.0,1.0
He really knows his stuff and teaches it well...every lecture is in his lecture notes excluding examples. Midterm and final were rough but fair. Look out for the random corny jokes,5.0,5.0
such a good prof!! and hilarious! lectures are really informative and webnotes are awesome!,4.5,3.0
Exellent proffesor, has a great sense of humour, and the webnotes are a the best of any of my classes.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Awesome teacher. He has good webnotes. He explains everything very well and the lectures are interesting.,5.0,1.0
Great prof, clear explanation and 1 of the best algeo teacher.,5.0,3.0
His sense of humour takes a bit of time to get used to but he's a good lecturer. Words cannot describe how great his webnotes are.,4.0,5.0
Excellent website to go along with the course. Sometimes the explanations in the lectures were a bit unclear.,3.5,3.0
Nice guy, very approachable, friendly and understanding. Lectures are good but hard to hear sometimes.,4.5,3.0
Compared to Oldford, Andre is clear - you can easily "differentiate" his concepts. Quite useful - you can't *substitute* another teacher for him. Teaches lessons BY PARTS; beware of your TA's though - they can turn your marks into partial fracti,3.5,2.0
hes reaaly cool,5.0,3.0
good work fred... he kinda looks like fred penner... don't ya think?,4.0,2.0
Excellent prof, found his class easy to understand, explains concepts clearly, and answers questions well. Makes hilarious jokes, great class.,5.0,1.0
He's a great guy, seems to genuinely care about the students. Very clear and easy to follow, sometimes goes to slowly though. He's great to talk to as well.,4.5,1.0
Excellent prof. Excellent and organized web notes. Sit close as he cannot be heard at the back.,4.0,2.0
The courses he teaches are boring, but he has some good jokes to throw into the mix.,3.0,3.0
He's probably the reason I understood his course. Very thorough, took very hard and boring material and added a bit of fun and quirkiness to make it easier to swallow and understand. His web-page was more useful than the textbook or the official site.,5.0,3.0
Andre is the man. The guy applies math big crap-load of stuff. "If you haven't been here before, then this is your first time here. Proof..." All in all, he's an awesome prof. Add him to your ICQ, his UIN is on his website.,5.0,4.0
Phenomenal professor. Excellent lectures, excellent webnotes, excellent assignments. He gives you all the tools you need to succeed.,5.0,2.0
every lecture cover many new materials, hard to follow, long assignment every week, although he provides online notes, 6-9 pages per lecture in last few week, over 150 defn and thm to memorize in the final... he is a good prof if u can follow what he said,4.0,4.0
All in all, good job. Boring class... but he's a funny guy. Web notes do help.,4.0,3.0
His lecture and online note are very helpful, but taught too fast in the class, hard to follow,5.0,4.0
Excellent prof teaching perhaps not the most entertaining course. Has a superb math website; definately goes above and beyond call of duty. Maybe explains things too many times but I can bare with that.,5.0,2.0
An EXCELLENT prof. He's funny, and has extremely clear and precise lectures and notes. One of the best profs I've had.,5.0,3.0
I had him for both pmath 340 & math 135. Great job in both classes. Every aspect of his teaching is very refined, superb!,5.0,1.0
Very helpful prof. Answers all questions very clearly, and puts his course notes on the web. Assignment's are a bit long... but other than that he's great!,5.0,3.0
Andre is a good guy, I just wish i went to more classes.... at least his webnotes are pretty useful. Hard class, pretty good prof.,4.0,3.0
Great professor. Maintains all lecture notes on his website. Very helpful and down to earth. One of the best !,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Sloppy (i.e. error-prone) online notes that can't be printed from anything but Windows, slow-moving lectures that spend way too much time on elementary topics.,3.0,2.0
Amazing prof! Great notes, great lectures! Very approachable for help! But I failed the course!,5.0,5.0
Excellent prof... very down-to-earth and very helpful. Always prepared for lectures.,5.0,2.0
I enjoyed his course a lot. He has very clear and detailed notes. Was always approachable for help on the assignments,5.0,4.0
Unclear on fundamental concepts. Fumbles a lot. All lecture notes online, so why go to class?,1.5,3.0
Perfect web ressource/course notes. He's a very funny guy. Course is very interesting. Very clear on his proofs. Always there when you need help. Overall, He is one of the best profs I've ever had.,5.0,3.0
He does a very good job, very clear notes. Helps alot with assignments.,5.0,4.0
Very good prof. Very nice/helpful website. Recommended,4.0,2.0
tells really terrible jokes. he's not funny so much so that it made me hate him.,1.0,4.0
don't miss ne of his classes boyzz and sit in the front,3.5,2.0
Taught the course flawlessly, he cant do basic math but that isnt nessecary,5.0,2.0
Funny and effective. His web page is a very useful resource.,4.5,3.0
This man is halarious and is a real good prof.,5.0,1.0
It was a tough course. But he made it interesting,5.0,3.0
He makes the course interesting. He is also very helpful,5.0,3.0
He is not willing to help and unclear on the concepts of the course.,1.0,4.0
Very passionate towards his teaching, and of great help!,5.0,4.0
Not Bad~,4.0,3.0
Nice Webpage, but sometimes not really clear on details..Proof? Learn by urs,4.0,2.0
A good prof. I like his sense of humour and the website!,4.5,2.0
Who'd have thunk it? Calculus really can be fun.,4.5,3.0
wicked teacher.. give tons of examples and all his notes are on the web,4.5,3.0
Good Prof. Nice Explanation. Varied Examples,5.0,1.0
hilarious... good notes.... just-right pace,5.0,2.0
Sometimes not clear enough. Not the best one but totally helpful.,4.0,2.0
Does a good job with this course. He has the best (and most helpful) website.,4.5,2.0
A good prof....,4.5,2.0
good sense of humour; AWESOME website!,5.0,2.0
he is an awsome teacher, hilarious!,5.0,4.0
Funny funny man,4.0,2.0
had him for 135 aswell, though he had much better skills for 136.,2.0,4.0
good example cool teacher,4.0,3.0
some humour, not bad examples, good website (pi to a million digits),4.0,4.0
Hiliarious, he knows his stuff quite well,4.0,2.0
One of the Best Prof,5.0,2.0
He's my hero,5.0,1.0
Great prof, his lessons are kinda hard but he's really helpful,5.0,3.0
tries to be funny , but is only funny sometimes, still is a great teacher,5.0,1.0
Loved his class, good humour and like the others, had the best web site,5.0,3.0
Liked him; didn't take any bull from the jerks who couldnt shutup in class,5.0,3.0
Good summaries, sometimes boring, though. Nice tie !!!,4.0,3.0
Got to the point with a little humour thrown in. Good teacher,4.5,3.0
Awesome website and wery helpfull,5.0,3.0
Boring... but a good guy.,3.5,5.0
I never thought Classical Algebra could be summed up so well.,5.0,4.0
excellent prof, good sense of humor, good dresser, and the best web site,5.0,1.0
Excellent prof, actually has a good sense of humour, provides useful examples,5.0,2.0
He's a good teacher, better than most.,4.5,3.0
Structured,organized,clear to even the most clueless.Refreshingly understandable,5.0,4.0
A rarity: likes his job, great effort, very helpful, approachable, website! A-,5.0,3.0
funny guy,4.5,4.0
Love the course online and web page.,4.0,3.0
You general math students are just bitter that you didn't get into Honours!,4.5,2.0
Terrible prof. Borring!,1.0,5.0
Had a attitude problem; recited book word for word.,2.5,2.0
the dislike was mutual.,2.0,2.0
What a goon...he hated us, we hated him...he didn't teach us a major topic...,1.0,1.0
Best math prof I've met. Great teaching style, gotta love his webpage,5.0,3.0
One of the best prof at Rotman. Even after graduation I remembered his classes well. Very articulate guy with a great sense of humor. Sometimes attending his class makes me feel like I'm in court. Great experience!,4.5,3.0
I am not sure how this guy is even allowed to be in the classroom.,1.0,5.0
Popular because his lectures are hilarious, but you think he's great until he decides that it's your turn to be picked on. In short, a bit of a bully. Also very unclear on grading criteria. Groups who made clear, concise, insightful presentations received the exact same grades as groups who went overtime and were all over the place. Unfathomable,2.5,4.0
He's not really a good prof, many thinks so (mostly girls). But his marking is too tight. Ego too big, respect girls more than guys. Go to Shear's class, you'll do better in the exams.,3.0,4.0
Great Prof.,4.0,3.0
A Great Prof all around, keeping school interesting and fun. Witty Jokes, stories and bonus marks for 'rogues obscond'! Good real life tips free of charge from a lawyer!,5.0,3.0
he's egotistical and thinks he's hot****. not a bad teacher though.,2.0,3.0
Expect a low B, no matter how hard you work, you're just gonna end up w/ that. He loves putting ppl down and pick on ppl, especially if you are a guy.,2.0,4.0
great prof... very approachable and willing to help! Uses great, real-life examples in class,4.5,1.0
drives a nice looking BMW like the 007 model,5.0,1.0
Smart guy, but that doesn't take away that he is a **** having a mid-life crisis.,4.5,4.0
Great professor I wish I was a management student so that i could have more classes with him,5.0,2.0
powers has his favorites in the class. only if you suck up, you'll get a fair grade.,3.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
Aim for a B... b/c that's what you'll end up getting. Go to lectures... it helps,4.0,2.0
loud - keeps you awake in class,4.0,2.0
Bird course, reiteration of OAC bus., interesting lectures,5.0,1.0
exams aren't easy, but interesting lecture, keep you awake,4.5,4.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
If only ALL professors in U of T were like him - the best prof eeeeeeever!!!,5.0,1.0
A wicked Prof. I'd hate to be up against him in court....he's like a shark!,5.0,2.0
Excellent Prof. Very easy going and entertaining. Stay on his good side.,4.5,2.0
No Comments,3.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
Keeps u awake in class!!,4.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
NICE Z3!!!!,4.5,3.0
Humourous. Clear. Interesting! Nice cars!,4.5,2.0
very interesting....nice...impressive,4.5,3.0
Great prof, won't make you fall asleep, and very understanding.,5.0,2.0
wait till u have a conflict with him......,1.0,5.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
He's so damn hot and what an amazing professor!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Keeps you attentive in class. Excellent lecturer.,5.0,2.0
entertaining lectures!,4.5,5.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
Very clear and interesting lectures. Has genuine care for his work and classes.,5.0,3.0
Better sign up for his classes, they're a blast,5.0,2.0
He's a pretty cool teacher! Awesome! =),4.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Best prof I have ever had!,5.0,1.0
one of the best profs I've ever had,4.5,4.0
He is definitely the best professor I've had on UofT.,5.0,1.0
try to get into his class if you can,4.5,3.0
His speeches are the funniest of all!,4.0,2.0
The Best Teacher,5.0,2.0
ESAY TO UNDERSTAND,5.0,4.0
This guy is awesome. Makes you want to come to his classes.,5.0,1.0
Enthusiastic and knowledgeable!!,4.5,2.0
He's the best teacher I've had,5.0,3.0
He's absolutely entertaining,4.0,4.0
No Comments,3.0,1.0
Enthusiastic, friendly,4.5,3.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
He is very knowledgeable and articulate. He's a great prof to learn from.,5.0,1.0
interesting and enthusiastic about the material, pretty funny too.,5.0,3.0
easy, clear,5.0,1.0
Talks loud, but good prof,4.5,2.0
this guy talks loud, but he's a great prof.,5.0,3.0
He's over qualified for this job,5.0,2.0
the prof is a disgrace on the name of education. she is tenured and miserable and takes it out on the students. they could have brought in someone else to teach this course.,1.0,3.0
She is a novice. Will make you less and less proud of being in the program,1.0,4.0
Course content was interesting. However, for a course on design, this course was not well designed.,2.0,3.0
Probably the toughest grader you can get for a supposedly bird course. Her response to questions are weak.,1.0,5.0
I am just trying to make sure she is the most rated UW professor,3.0,3.0
For the majority of this course, we wrote papers which accounted for nearly our entire grade, and therefore could not spend much time designing our project. We got all of our grades back for the entire term after all of our papers were handed in, which is not much help because that feedback was too late. Also she took away Symposium.,2.0,5.0
Really?? Really?? :(,1.0,4.0
Not worth any time to speak about her, the worst human being that I ever met in my life. Leave SYDE, choose some engineering program that truly helpful for you in future.,1.0,5.0
WORST OF ALL PROFESSORS YOU'LL EVER MEET. Only cares about her reputation and doesn't really care about the success of students. My personal recommendation is to choose another engineering program that best fits your skills and appreciate you. SYDE department is completely corrupted by her.,1.0,5.0
She really knows what she's talking about and makes it interesting. The projects are fun and easy, and she gives you the change to fix them for higher marks, making it super easy to get good marks in the class. Tests are fair and openbook. She tried really hard with our class to make sure it was working for everybody.,5.0,1.0
Very insightful professor regards to design methodology and incorporating systems thinking into design processes. She helps define the 'design' aspect of systems design engineering. Personally believe that she teaches one of the most core values of the program. Great person, helpful and willing to listen to students.,4.0,3.0
Seeing as she comes from a design background, is well suited to teach this course. Very thorough on different design methodologies, though sometimes things will seem easy and obvious. Very helpful when it came to issues with the design project, though it's largely a do-it-yourself project.,5.0,2.0
Taught well for SYDE 101, which in itself is an easy course relatively, being mostly an intro to SYDE and the school (co-op etc.) Was clear covering the broad topic range. Stood out for offering help and advice outside of classes and not just for academic-related issues. Was a good prof.,5.0,2.0
Unprofessional and just plain rude to students.,1.0,5.0
She caused PDEng.,1.0,5.0
If the University got rid of PDEng, she wouldn't have a job,1.0,5.0
Please do a search on PDENG in google and you'll see why she deserves this rating,1.0,5.0
One of my favorite teachers in SYDE, can come across mean but is actually a really nice person. Takes the time to provide a lot of feedback. Most students don't appreciate what she teaches until a couple years down the road when they actually need to apply the knowledge.,4.5,4.0
As a biological entity, all MacGregor needs is a mouth and intestines, and both serve the same function in her case.,1.0,1.0
Horrible beyond belief,1.0,1.0
Any rating given because of a bad experience with PDEng should be thrown out, it is a good course! The course was made by all departments, not just MacGregor. Having had her for 161 it is clear she is AWESOME! Nice, good examples, and shows the softer side of Engineering no one but systems gets ;) (softer does not equal easier, however) its tough!,5.0,3.0
It is unfortunate that a university with such a high reputation would allow a new course to be offered in such an untested form.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Works hard at making sure that everyone knows they aren't in high school anymore... Tough marker but goes very far out of her way to get first year students aquainted with the university and the program. She really cares about her students (ex. shaving her head to raise money for a student with cancer).,4.5,4.0
PDEng, nuff said! How can I comment on her hottness if she hides behind a computer screen?!?,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
The wrost idea ever! to come up with a course for engineering students to do while they are on their workterm! It is suppose to be a time where they can relax a little bit, BUT NO! instead now they have to do homework all the time, and they MUST get a 75% or higher on each assignment!! And the assignments are useless! they are all common sense!!,1.0,5.0
The only professor actually worse than Catherine Burns.....if they combined their efforts, perhaps they would have the intellectual capability to teach "Sandbox etiquette" to Junior KG students.,1.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Awesome teacher, she cares about her students. but she is only interested if you show an interest.,4.0,3.0
Trys hard to get the idea across that not everything in engineering as as black and white as a math problem. Unfortunately few people seem to understand this.,5.0,1.0
It takes a great teacher to put together a great course. She gave us lots of opportunities to learn real-world skills. Perhaps some students didn't get the marks they expected ...,4.0,3.0
Like someone else said...Great course...ruined by someone who has no idea how to teach,1.5,2.0
She does not know anything. She uses the same material to teach SYDE 161, 348, and 543. One time, we asked a questions in 543 and she had to go to the back of the class to read the textbook in order to answer...Meanwhile, she told us to occupy ourselves.,1.0,3.0
Tries to demand respect rather than earn it,1.0,3.0
She's an excellent teacher. Very respected & caring. She even shaved off her hair to show support to a student with cancer. Outstanding prof!,5.0,4.0
She has taught me three SYDE courses, and I like her a lot,4.0,3.0
She is my fav out of all my profs. She acually cares about us... Amazing teacher,5.0,4.0
she cares if we become good engineers, and isn't that the point?,3.5,2.0
Good course taught by a BAD teacher .. (nice person but NO TEACHING SKILLS),1.0,5.0
REALLY did not like how she tried to scare us into working.,2.5,4.0
her course will be the death of me,2.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
yeah the material is useful, but that doesn't make the prof good.high & mighty,1.0,1.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
her course seems useless, but has proven otherwise. She is overall a nice prof.,3.5,2.0
Passionate about UCD, but little direction in using the methods (by design),3.5,3.0
I know she is tough, but she will teach you THE most useful research skills!,4.0,4.0
Fair marker, Great person,4.5,2.0
She may seem mean, but she's very NICE!,4.5,3.0
Nice out of class, but a really tough exam writer.,4.0,5.0
Great class, great prof, great idea. Best time in 1st year SD,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
Best professor in systems, hands down,5.0,3.0
She taught a human factors course, not intro. But good in what she taught.,3.5,3.0
i used this stuff on my work term!!!!!,4.5,3.0
Ignore the whiners. I learned something!,4.0,3.0
I think a baby knows more than this woman ! For some ignorance is bliss !,1.0,5.0
"it's approp that your name is Dark Syde;you've taken the class to a dark place",1.0,5.0
Dahhh... a nice intro to intro to human systems (??) What is systems though?!!,2.0,4.0
CRY BABY...,1.5,4.0
I'd say she worships Satan. But I'm pretty sure that Satan worships her.,1.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
"Can you restate the obvious?",2.5,3.0
you ever wonder how the devil got reincarnated?,1.0,5.0
She's not that bad. Oh wait, yes she is.,1.0,4.0
she succeeded in failing us all in learning C++, or Ergo,1.0,3.0
Brought a whistle to class,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
we all know how i feel..,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
bad, very bad. 161 is not a 5th level class, nor is it human factors.,1.5,5.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Wish this class could have been held in person, but unable to given the pandemic. Dr. Adamopoulos was always available for feedback on assignments. Only three graded items; midterm, final paper and final presentation. First part of the semester was his recorded lectures and a lot of readings. Would highly recommend his class, great professor!,5.0,3.0
He's very passionate and enthusiastic about what he's teaching which makes his lectures interesting. He gives a study guide for the 3 exams and there are 2 group projects and 1 paper but that's your whole grade. He never mentioned the paper in class so if you don't check the syllabus you're screwed.,3.0,3.0
Such a good professor! hes so passionate about his job which makes the class really enjoyable. He is very caring and wants you to succeed. Tests are pretty easy if you study his powerpoints AND read the book. You will need the book to succeed.,4.0,3.0
He must've gotten better as he's taught more at GV, because he is one of my favorite professors. He makes you think and gives great feedback, but doesn't make it impossible or even super difficult to get an A. I just followed assignment guidelines and it was an easy A. He's also funny and personable.,5.0,2.0
Worst teacher to ever take this class! Doesn't get back with students via phone call or email (have to email multiple times for a response) and you can not understand him!,2.5,4.0
A tough grader and not many chances to get a good grade, but the professor is really interesting and funny. I love his lectures, and although some can get a little boring, he never fails to make the class laugh. I read the book, went to class, and did the study guides and I did well. Really intelligent guy - I would take this professor again!,3.0,4.0
He's very knowledgeable, knows his subject well and is a real nice guy. But you have to do well on the exams to do well in the class and your grade based primarily based on 3 exams. The class is kind of boring and it's the type of class where you think you did really good on the exam but you didn't. Study up and do the study guide, you'll be okay.,2.5,4.0
He is very intelligent and knowledgeable, he can talk a lot about psychology. But the class in pretty much based on 3 exams so if you failed one you won't get an A or A-. So if you not a good test taker don't take his class. But learned a lot from his lecture so still worth to take his class.,4.0,4.0
I didn't read the book, and my grade would have improved if I had. The group projects and paper aren't worth much compared to the tests. Study for the tests because that's the main portion of your grade. He knows his topic very well and diverges into stories often.,3.5,3.0
I enjoyed the class, but the grade is basically just off of 3 exams (final not cumulative). So you really need to work in order to get a good grade. Otherwise, I thought the lectures were really interesting and he has a lot of personal stories and experiences to go off of. He's nice, but seems kinda lazy in terms of grading and helping.,2.0,3.0
The class is pretty much based on testing. If you aren't a good test take, do not take this class.,3.0,3.0
He is a very passionate teacher, but his slides are very confusing. The exams are tough. The class is based off of three exams, a paper, and two group papers. So, you better study and read the book. His slides are vague, but his exam questions are very specific.,3.0,4.0
The main grades were from tests, so if you screwed up on the tests, you basically screwed up in the class. There were a few writing assignments but the points hardly mattered to the overall grade. The professor himself was interesting, but could be confusing at times, and seemed genuinely nice.,2.5,4.0
Grade based off of 3 tests and a paper, so STUDY. His study guides aren't super helpful--mainly just an outline of the section, but none of the tests were cumulative. Very, very passionate teacher, fun to listen to, though read/elaborated mostly off slides. Puts them on blackboard after each main section. Read and study A LOT!,3.5,4.0
Class was extremely boring. Slides could have been more organized. Only 6 grades for the whole semester so don't slack off. Study for tests, they are hard.,2.5,4.0
This was one of the most boring classes I have ever taken at GV. He is extremely passionate about the subject and seems like a nice guy, but not a good professor. He just blabbed on for 50 minutes when we could have read the slides ourselves. I would avoid this class at all cost.,2.0,4.0
Too vague. Doesn't elaborate on what he wants for his papers, so he just gives half credit.,1.0,5.0
He was a good professor to me. Sometimes he could be amusing but overall was boring and I fell asleep numerous times. He gave notes that were very helpful but I would read the book as background to help. I got a B in the class even though I mostly didnt pay attention. He does try to help his students a lot tho,4.5,2.0
He is the worst teacher ever!! His tests don't even make sense. They talk about things in weird ways that confuse you. He doesn't know how to teach. All he does is ramble on and on. If you can avoid taking his class, do so. His stupid class isn't worth lowering your GPA.,1.0,5.0
Very passionate speaking prof, definitely was entertaining to listen to but could get dry at some points. If you want to get an A, read the book! The 3 exams were the easiest college psych tests I've ever took. There's one blowoff paper too which is basically credit or no credit. Overall, very blowoff.,3.0,2.0
WORST PROFESSOR i have EVER had....never in all of my schooling have i received an F grade...his exams are way too confusing and the paper graded 0/50/100 really sucks...i ended this class with a 54% after studying my but off....NEVER TAKE THIS PROF!,1.5,5.0
Terrible. 3 tests that are extremely confusing and one paper he won't elaborate on is all that's used for the grade. The paper is graded 0/50/100 and I got a 50. My paper was really well written and I in no way deserved that grade. I've gotten an A in every psychology class besides this one, in which I got a c+. AVOID IF YOU CAN. TERRIBLE TEACHER.,1.0,4.0
The tests are definitely manageable. Just read the book chapters, go over your notes and the slides one or two times and you're done studying. The paper was really easy. Don't bother arguing with him and just deal with his rambling, once in awhile it can be funny.,2.5,3.0
goes on ramblings sometimes but they are usually relevant. Posts all power points online prior to the tests and the paper is based on a 0/50/100 scale & don't expect it to help your grade much because it's only 10%, pretty easy class if you study the study guide throughly,2.5,3.0
Nice guy. Easy enough to listen to when actually lecturing, but when someone raised an argument against him they'd both end up talking in circles, and the prof would get hard to understand. Used textbook answers a lot on exams, still needed to attend class to understand his slides.,2.5,4.0
I really like this professor! I think he's funny and nice and if you listen to what he's saying in class it all makes sense. I enjoy being in his class for the most part. His tests are definitely super hard but if you keep up on the reading and take decent notes you should do well,4.0,3.0
His lectures are super interesting and you HAVE to go because he doesn't post notes on BB. Tests are difficult and his study guides basically tell you to know everything covered since the last exam. I recommend, but only if you think your grade won't suffer from three 50 multiple point question exams and one small paper(emphasize small).,4.5,4.0
Professor was very nice and the class was mildly interesting. Take notes and attend every class! He doesn't post notes on blackboard. Tests were extremely challenging. Study guides did not reflect the exams at all. Make sure you read. I would not advise taking this professor. Grades paper full, half, or no credit, marks you down for stupid thing.,3.5,5.0
Professor is non-confrontational, does not like to be asked questions about exams or papers. Say's to follow the syllabus. Exams are like finals, lots of info to remember. Questions can be vague covering topics that don't seem to be discussed in class or in the textbook.,2.5,5.0
his class is very lecture based-take notes! 3 exams-all MC and 1 paper. occasionally he will add side stories with his lectures which had a funny twist of humor. READ the questions carefully on exams. Some of his questions definately came application based from the book and the other reading! He is willing to talk during office hours.,4.5,3.0
I'm a psychology minor and after this class I am not.I loved psychology and he ruined it.Always had an A or high B in my psych classes until this one. Worst teacher I ever had.Doesn't follow the book, very lecture driven, but a majority of the time he is rambling on about NOTHING!Highly recommend you don't take him especailly if youre grade driven.,1.0,4.0
This prof. is suggested for anyone who has a passion for psy.,5.0,4.0
He is awful! I didn't listen to these comments and went to his class and thought he was fine...But he's not!! Very slow and lazy when it comes to grading and posting outlines on Blackboard. Doesn't care about students & everything is centered around him & his time only. DON'T TAKE! Won't go out of his way for anything or anyone unless it helps him,2.0,5.0
Class consists of 3 exams (including final) and 2 "assignments" which are just 2 pg papers on psych q's he give you. Tests r very tricky. Studied my butt off & got C's on tests, but papers are easy to Ace. Went to him and found multiple errors on test(bout 6 pts worth) and he never changed my grade or announced errors to rest of class.,2.0,4.0
Ugh,where to start.He is a great guy,very nice,approachable,its not like he is a jerk or anything,it is just a very tough class.Go to every class,or if not make sure you can get the notes.Read EVERYTHING of the assigned readings on the syllabus,he does not go over them,but if you don't read them,you will be COMPLETELY lost when you take the test.,3.0,3.0
Yeah, I dropped the class. I couldn't stand him any longer. He's annoying to listen to, has a high voice for a man. His lectures are boring. I would take another class under the social/cultural context for psych majors. Actually, that is what I'm doing. Stay away!,2.5,3.0
Prof Laughs threw his nose a lot. The class is very boring, take notes.. tests can be somewhat confusing, like you've never seen the material before but you're supposed to know it? He's a very little man, and laughs at his own corny jokes a lot.. Reminds me of a mouse, snickering...,2.0,3.0
He is horrible! He only went over the term paper once and when I sent him an e-mail he acted as if he explained everything clearly in the syllabus! He's not helpful don't take him!,1.0,4.0
Enjoyed this class more than I was thought I would. Lectures are easy to follow on ppt, but kind of boring. Take the notes, come to class, don't overstudy and you'll do fine. I liked the teacher and he tells kinda funny stories to drive points home. I would recommend him,3.5,3.0
Adamopoulos lets you know exactly what he is looking for. Do yourself a favor and do well on the midterm, it will take a bit of pressure off when working on your paper and presentation. (All 3 are worth and equal amount.),4.5,4.0
Really nice guy the class is really straight forward the class was easy enough!,4.5,2.0
Very knowledgeable and uses a seminar format for the class that makes things more interesting. Nice guy. Very hard grader who gives little to no feedback on why you lost a lot of points, which you probably will. Impossible to get anything higher than a B unless your paper and presentation revolutionize the field.,3.0,4.0
Supper Hard class. Exams are hard and if you don't write everything in your paper that he knows then you loss lots of points. I study a good amount still did not do well. Don't ask him queastions because he will not answer them. However he is better then taking it with Prof. Burns. John A. is the lesser of two evils.,1.5,5.0
the class average on the midterm was 69%, on the term paper 66%, on the final exam 64%, give or take. Not one of the three things we were graded on for the semester had a class average of even a 70%! Even though he is a nice guy, stay away from this class, lowest grade I have ever recieved, and I barely passed with a lot of effort.,2.0,5.0
The course was interesting and the multiple choice tests were typical of those in the psychology department. Only one paper required for this class.,3.5,3.0
Class kind of cloudy,1.5,3.0
I learned nothing form this class and it was very boring. He talks about one thing and will test you on something completely different. I went to every lecture and still did not get a very good grade.,2.5,4.0
An interesting class and all and all a good teacher. He lets you know everything that you need to and really knows what he is talking about. I would recomend him in a heart beat.,5.0,2.0
All the other ratings are pretty stupid. I don't know about Capstone yet, but for Psychology and Culture, Prof. Adamopoulos wasn't really hard at all, by no means boring, and told us EVERYTHING that he's test on. It's such a NO WORK class. Just show up for lecture and you'll do well.,4.5,2.0
was not too excited to take the course cause i had heard bad things, lectures and presentations are extremely BORING, do the work, study for the midterm, do good research on your paper and presentation and you'll be fine, i pulled a A by putting forward A-effort.,2.5,2.0
This professor expects a lot but doesn't go about it in a bad way. You have to remind yourself that you are a senior and you aren't going to be babysat anymore. It's all you and this prof reminds you of it. However, pick and interesting topic because you need to knoe it inside and out.,3.5,4.0
Expects a lot, but is a very good prof and a very interesting class which is worth taking! I learned a lot :),4.5,4.0
AWFUL!! Never take him. He does not help you, he can't even return an email during finals week. He does not care about students, he just wants his pay check. Told us to just do better, never even giving us help. He truly sucks!,1.0,4.0
Good and hard prof. The first part is really interesting and the midterm is not that bad if you study. Just be prepared for you paper and presentation.,4.0,2.0
He rocks!! He is the best professor in the psychology department. He gives great examples and a lot of them are extremely funny. He expects a lot but I was completely motivated to do well in the class and did. He is really cute too.,5.0,4.0
Capstone wasn't terrible, but Burns is better if you dont want to learn about Psych in other cultures. Teaches the capstone just like PSY 355 except with more work. Make sure to know every detail about your topic for your presentation b/c he'll grill you.,3.0,2.0
Interesting class. Tests can be tricky so make sure to get all the lecture notes and read the books!,3.0,2.0
Boring, run on lectures. Covers very little material in lecture, then tests on other stuff. I didn't try as hard as I should have but I still thought he was way too picky on the papers,2.5,4.0
He will treat you as if you are already have a PhD. when it comes to his paper he wants you to write and be thorough i your presentation(because he is so anal!!!). oh and have fun reading his book and not getting to get your $$ in book buyback!,2.5,3.0
I had him for two classes and they weren't that bad. Yes, you have to study, but it wasn't terribly hard. I have had worse than him.,4.0,3.0
lectures were very unorganized, gets off topic.class was boring.tests covered things he specifically said would not be tested.had to curve midterm because grades were so bad.,2.5,3.0
He is not a bad guy. But, his class is so boring. I will not take him again if I can help it.,3.5,3.0
do the work and everybody gets A not necessary to attend all class sessions he rambles on unneccessary info! just do well on your paper and presentation and you will get an A and that can be done out side of class you can drop off weekly questions/leave,1.0,1.0
Awful! I studied very hard and still got a very bad grage. Class average on the first test was below a C and he said that it was because we weren't studying hard enough. Wouldn't recommend.,1.0,4.0
He is a funny and friendly guy. He's not very available for help though. He's a tough grader on papers. Work hard and ask questions!,2.5,3.0
Take him! Workload is bearable...not too hard,4.0,2.0
I'm not a writer, but got A- on all writing in this class,3.5,2.0
he is clear on what he wants for tests and papers, despite the last two comments,4.0,2.0
IMPOSSIBLE! Studied my butt of and still got a C!,1.0,4.0
unclear on midterm- isn't funny only thinks he is,2.0,3.0
Interesting class and prof, he's funny too, study hard and you'll do fine,4.5,3.0
take him!!!,3.5,1.0
Wonderful guy, but HARD tests. You MUST study ALOT,3.0,4.0
He's very funny and makes the class interesting. Challenges your thinking.,5.0,3.0
Great prof.! Totally hilarious!,4.0,3.0
Graet prof. very pleasant, but make sure you study!,4.0,3.0
He's the one to have for Capstone. Good prof and fair grader.,4.0,3.0
Incredibly aloof. Likes Southern literature. I discovered a few great books thanks to her.,1.5,4.0
She has off the wall subjects to write about for papers, do not expect an A or B in the class, I had every paper checked at the writing center beforehand and still received C's. She also sent our class one morning on a scavenger hunt...literally for no reason. And is VERY unorganized.,1.5,5.0
I couldn't understand her when she was talking. I kept getting random grades without any explanation on my papers. You have to go to every class because she gives random pop quizzes. They're just one question and if you're late or you miss it you can't make it up. Avoid taking her at all costs.,2.0,3.0
terrible professor. I am a straight A student, and I receive Cs and Ds in her class. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS!,1.0,5.0
I loved Dr.Smith! I smoked her tests with a blunt and passes. The first ten to fifteen questions are usually irrelevant information but the essay portion she will let you use the text book. She liked me for some odd reason. But hey, I passed her paper when most people failed. I think she liked me?,4.0,1.0
The worst prof ever. She grades impossibly hard, rips apart papers with unreadable criticism, is dull and boring in class, and is unfriendly and unapproachable. The worst teacher i have ever had in my life. Avoid at all costs because if you get her, you will get a poor grade while putting up with her and working your butt off,1.0,5.0
terrible teacher. puts forth no effort to help students. only discusses class topics she finds interesting and babbles the entire lecture. bad professor, bad class,2.0,4.0
ridic. i go to the writing center twice to prepare a paper for her and i get a D. in my attempt to stay positive, i go to revise it and I CAN'T EVEN READ HER COMMENTS. she also has a very dry and unapproachable personality.,1.0,5.0
I did poorly on the tests and somehow mustered a B. She is fair and will give bonus. I learned a lot.,3.5,4.0
she is the worst professor i have never had the pleasure to have. unless she uses a bullhorn you can not hear or understand what she is teaching. i would NEVER take her again, her tests are ridiculous. she has to you read 10 to 15 stories then picks one sentence from each one and expects you to match it to the author. GOOD LUCK !!!!,1.0,5.0
Boring. Doesnt understand the student teacher dynamic. Has trouble and is uncomfortable in class. Tests are filled with nonessential information. Poor instructor.,1.0,5.0
Sat in the back...did my usual...pretend that I am just another body and then I smoked her tests with grade A blunt paper. She loved it....and me. I think.?.,3.5,3.0
I had Dr. Smith for intro to Drama. She went above and beyond her duties, as she showed us movies of the plays and even took a few of us to see Medea in Pittsburgh. She gets mad when people don't show up on time so make sure you show up. I can't say a bad thing about this woman or the plays she made us read, I truely miss sitting in her classroom,4.5,4.0
Dr. Smith is a horrible instructor. New Criticism out the wazoo! She doesn't students THINK for themselves and rather wants us to give her back her OWN interpretation of a text! Hello, is that learning?,5.0,5.0
Don't know how i got a B,2.0,4.0
Awful. Boring. By far, the worst prof on campus. Would be better suited as an administrator than in front of classroom.,1.0,1.0
I was really intimidated by her at first, but she really isn't that bad. If you give her a chance, you really can learn a lot.,3.0,3.0
She isn't as bad as everyone seems to think. Her personality is strange, but she loves what she does (as most professors) and doesn't seem to grasp that we don't. She also has a tendency seem as if she feels better when students fail her tests.,4.0,4.0
Worst english prof at Cal. Way too feminist.,1.0,5.0
Save yourself some trouble. Her tests are based on random and obscure facts and she is incredibly boring.,1.0,5.0
Yeah. I guess she isn't too into you unless your name is Eugene.,3.0,3.0
Dr. Smith is very helpful if you approach her and want the help. She will bend over backwards to help you if you ask. Extremely caring towards graduate students and those undergraduates who are willing and eager to learn.,4.0,3.0
this is what tenure gets ya!,1.0,3.0
terrible...she assigns essays, gives bad grades, and does nothing to teach us how to write good essays,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
She is truely eville!,1.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Boo! :P,1.5,5.0
This guy is the best EE professor besides Salvia. If you want to pass this class AND learn the material thoroughly, look no further. I couldn't have asked for a better professor here who cares about his students learning the material and real-world applications with this material. Highly recommended.,5.0,3.0
Professor Schiano is a great lecturer. He's very accessible outside of class, and wants to see you pass. He flies through the material, but in his defense there is a lot to cover. It isn't an easy class, and you have to work for a good grade. Unfortunately, he's extremely busy in the engineering department and takes a while to grade anything.,4.0,4.0
He is my favorite professor so far at Penn State. This class has some pretty tough homework's, but if you understand them the tests are not bad. GO TO OFFICE HOURS. This course has a lot of content but Prof Schiano explains it very well with a bounty of real world examples and historical background which help to build a solid understanding.,5.0,3.0
He knows what he's doing! Amazing teacher. probably the best in the department.,5.0,4.0
He's literally the best EE professors I've ever had at Penn State and the smartest man I've ever met. You do need to care tho, because he makes you work. A lot. But then you'll learn a lot from him. A lot. He does spend lots of time in derivation and cares about whether you understand the concept, which was awesome for me but aweful for some people,5.0,3.0
The best professor in EE major. You will learn a lot from his courses,5.0,5.0
Do not him to post material in a timely fashion. He'll get around to it eventually. DO the extra credit projects!,3.0,3.0
Jeff is my favorite professor at Penn State. He knows what he's doing, but he makes mistakes in lecture. The most important steps of the sample problems are written on the blackboard, and you gotta write them down, otherwise you will be completely lost in the homework. Tests are hard, but if you did the problem right, you will get very nice numbers,5.0,4.0
One of the most disorganized and arrogant professors I've met. His lectures are riddled with errors, and he lets assignments pile up at the end of the semester rather than posting them on time. Prepare for busywork and inexplicable mispronunciations of "parallel," "semaphore," and "ASCII." N.I. and Microchip must love his shameless sales pitches.,1.0,3.0
Schiano is a great lecturer and knows how to teach what is important. His homework assignments are long, but really help you understand the material well and prepare you effectively for the exams. My biggest issue with him is that he is so busy, he often takes weeks (or even a month or so) to grade your exams.,5.0,4.0
Great guy. Seems like a know it all in class but if you talk to him at office hours he's extremely helpful. Tests are somewhat challenging, but lab projects are simple. The lab classes spell out exactly how to do the lab projects. If you know CMPENG 271 then you'll do fine.,2.5,3.0
he's a know it all that runs through material faster than even a smart person can keep up with.,2.5,5.0
Homeworks are very long and consume so much time,2.5,4.0
Probably the worst course I have taken in my life. The course was supposed to have two midterms, but he cancelled one of them ! Don't expect to get an graded homework. He spent a lot of time to prove a trivial statement and skip the hard proofs. Avoid his courses, total waste of time.,2.5,3.0
His homework sets can be immensely time consuming but his lectures are fantastic and you will learn a lot. However, don't expect to get a hold of him very easily or have your tests returned on time.,5.0,1.0
He's a very good teacher. You won't learn more in a semester from any professor at Penn State as an EE. He literally stuffs the classes to the gills with important material. That said, you will be literally destroyed by impossible homeworks, insanely difficult exams and long, detailed lectures. Do not take this class lightly.,3.5,4.0
He is an excellent teacher but the work load is ridiculous also his tests are extremely difficult,2.5,5.0
He is a great guy and an amazing professor but he makes you work. He makes up the homework problems and the test problems so you actually have to learn the material. Really helpful in office hours but exams are pretty difficult. Attendance isn't mandatory but if you don't go the homework is 10 times harder.,5.0,4.0
Hilarious guy, great lecturer, and challenging teacher. Homeworks are quite difficult, and this class covers an absurd amount of material (including C, LabVIEW,and HDL programming, as well as PIC microcontrollers). Only negative is the lack of accessibility, and, related to that, very long wait-times for exam/homework grades.,4.5,4.0
Most poorly run course ever taken,1.0,5.0
If you want a professor who is on time, strict, and will give you back your exams/homework within a reasonable time, you won't find it here. But if you want a fun experience and learn a lot, take his class while he is still figuring it out.,5.0,2.0
Still learning how to teach the class but once figured our by Spring of 2014, "God Help Them" Schiano's words.,4.0,2.0
very hard class, the exams and homework are difficult, but professor knows what he's doing and helps you out a lot.,5.0,5.0
Schiano is an amazing professor. His class is difficult due to the nature of the material, but he is a great lecturer and has a good sense of humor. The exams are fair and tend to mirror what is taught/in homework/on practice exams. Highly recommended.,5.0,5.0
Great professor and very interested in ensuring that students get the right knowledge. Mentions practical applications to probability spec. in communication. Would retake any class with him.,4.5,4.0
The course is hard, but if you go to classes and pay attention to his lectures, you will be just fine.,5.0,5.0
Lots of knowledge. Huge ego. Always talks about his research and those who fund him. Can't ever end a class on time and truly believes his class is more important than anything. Homeworks are more difficult than the exams; neither are shrugs, however. Be prepared to spend 10+ hours per week on homework. Take Schiano over other instructors, though.,4.0,4.0
Schiano is a PRO at teaching this subject. Some of his lectures truly inspired me to be an electrical engineer. He knows the subject well, and will test you on the material at the same level. The class is hard but that isn't his fault. The material is challenging and he's teaching it right. Be prepared to work hard for this class. It's worth it.,4.0,5.0
Good prof. Neither homeworks nor exams are trivial. He's a pro at making unique questions. I straight up enjoyed his exams. He's also very willing to further elaborate on ideas/techniques if you just raise your hand and ask. He also keeps class interesting by giving out bonus points if you answer a question correctly.,4.0,5.0
I took this class a long time ago, in fall 00. It's tough - as it should be. Schiano is barely helpful when you visit his office. The text by Lathi is awesome. Attend multiple recitations a week, and start your homework IMMEDIATELY upon assignment and you'll do fine. I owe Schiano thanks, because I'm a DSP expert at NASA because of his instruction.,4.0,4.0
Prepare to make this class your life. This is a tough class, but he does make the class and the material interesting. His tests are designed so the average is a 60 to 65. Learn how to do the homework and not just copy or you will be screwed for his tests. Come to class everyday and go to all of your recitations and you should be fine.,4.5,5.0
The Best Professor I have had to date. Great lecturer. Extremely knowledgable. The material is not hard, but the Homework Sets are almost impossible to do by yourself. You will spend 80% of your study time on this class, so try to take it along with some easier courses if you can. Thank you sir, may I have another!,5.0,5.0
Awesome teahcer. Hard class.,4.5,5.0
Go to class, take notes, PAY ATTENTION, understand the steps he takes and be able to duplicate them. The material isn't tough conceptually, you lose most of your points for stupid math errors. There's no reason to fail this class, if you fail this class, please switch to Business because you obviously have no interest in EE.,4.0,2.0
If you have no interest in signals or math, then this class will probably be the hardest class of your life. This prof really wants you to understand the theory, which will be very handy if you decide to do anything with DSP, comm systems, or controls. When you take this class, I recommend this prof, but be prepared to dedicate some time for it.,4.5,5.0
One of the best lecturers I've had. But be prepared to work your butt off. Hard class taught by tough professor.,4.5,5.0
Probably one of the best teachers I've ever had. His only big problem is his overinflated ego, which results in his homework assignments being very long.,5.0,5.0
Extraordinarily rigorous, as engineers should be. Outstanding role-model. Could use a little more personality, but, I don't expect much since this guy pulls daily 16 hour shifts to do his work.,4.5,4.0
Dr. Schiano is one of the best lecturers at PSU, but what you've heard about the HW is true: it's sadistic, vindictive, and will rule your life. Salvia's homeworks help you learn, but Schiano's punish you for daring to try. Don't miss class, and take good notes. Use old HW's as a guide, but don't copy blindly if you want to survive the exams.,4.0,5.0
best teacher ee students at PSU will see,3.5,3.0
The course does not need to be as difficult as he makes it out to be. The homework assignments are a pain but if you can get the solutions to old hws, you will do fine. Unfortunately, copying hw solutions alone will not allow you to pass the class. Most people do horribly on the first exam. Do well on the 2nd & 4th exam and you should be fine.,2.5,5.0
Schiano rocks. He is addicted to caffeine, and 350 is a ton of work. The class is well worth it as it really prepares you for later classes and teaches you to put time into your studies. The homeworks and tests are all carefully planned out and graded.,5.0,4.0
The hardest course taught by a good challenging teacher. If you can get a good grade on your first exam you are set, and homeworks are bullshit, no need to do them until a few days before exam. Copy em untill then.,3.5,5.0
Become friends with people who have taken this course, the HW are similar or nearly exact as previous semesters. & the HW is the only thing that will get you through this course. course coord. so you can't avoid his arogance present in this course.,1.0,5.0
Good at teaching the material. Poor attitude,2.5,5.0
This class isn't everything you heard. The material isn't impossible. The design of this class is more based on statistics than EE prep. The class is intended to fail students, not actually prepare them for anything. Reasonable material, unacceptable meth,1.0,3.0
This class is one of the hardest you will take in EE, but its not that bad. I copied the homeworks and spent the weekend before the test studying. I got a C the first time around, but a lot of people take it over. Just go to lecture and pay attention.,4.0,3.0
Schiano expects a lot from his students, but provides the material necessary for mastering the work.,4.0,3.0
Very hard class, not too bad of a teacher,3.0,5.0
best instructor I've ever had... 350 is alot of work, and sometimes he gets stuff back to you late, but you come out of the course really knowing your stuff...,5.0,4.0
Hard class, very very good instructor,5.0,5.0
No Comments,4.0,5.0
Yuck!,4.0,5.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
Think the nutty professor (Jerry Lewis, but w/o the whine),3.5,4.0
Likes goats,2.5,5.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,5.0
One of the worst professors in the EE department. The only person that could be worse than him is Dr. Cullina or Dr. Miller.,1.0,5.0
This class is very difficult. All the homeworks, projects, and exams are hard. But the exams are take-home ones and open-book. He will offer a massive curve at the end of the semester.,4.0,5.0
Worst professor I have ever had in my entire collegiate career. Grading is very harsh and takes off 20 % for minor errors. Gave a course project that was outrageously difficult and took students 24+ hours. Do not take this class or professor he is failing the entire class currently and hasn't mentioned a curve.,1.0,5.0
worst professor I have ever seen in my whole academics. Worst in grading the papers, as he doesn't understand the method of derivation. Sticks to numerical answers of his solution alone. I met him at office and demanded him to spot wrong steps, he barely understands the concept, so he just skipped answering. Not worthy to take his course.,1.0,4.0
The exams are extremely difficult and what makes it worse is Pasko's grading. I went to his office to get points back on an exam because I thought it was rather harsh. He barely looked at what I wrote and shooed me away. He explained his grading scale as: 100% for being completely correct, 30% for being close, or 20% for writing something down.,1.0,4.0
Easily the best and hardest professor in the EE Department. He knows what he is teaching, has clear lectures, and is extremely helpful at office hours. Though his homeworks are difficult, they are not impossible. A warning: He claims that his take-home exams take "4 hours, max" - be prepared to give it your whole night if you want a good grade.,5.0,5.0
Excellent professor! Very methodic and clear. Course well structured and detailed. definitely helpful to students who stop at his office hours.,5.0,3.0
Great professor, at times he can be hard to comprehend, but he will gladly repeat himelf. For example, one class we thought he was saying "Santa Claus", when he was actually saying "Thunder Clouds", he is Ukranian so we let it slide. Great prof for 330 and hopefuly in 490 (Plasmas). Recommend taking his section over Grimes'.,3.5,3.0
a really hard teacher...,1.5,5.0
good teacher,4.5,3.0
The best prof I had for my EE classes. I actually learned something.,5.0,3.0
Hard to understand. Homework and tests are next to impossible.,1.5,5.0
You will learn circuits with this guy and you will enjoy it at the same time. He knows this stuff inside and out. These classes are not hard, they just take a lot of work. If you copy your homework from the solutions, I guarantee you will struggle. 310 lab sucks but it's not his fault. If you can't learn from him, you should not be here.,5.0,3.0
Professor Mitchell is a great professor. He deserves more credit than he receives on this website. He, unlike most EE professors, brings enthusiam to class. He really knows the material and wants you to learn. Many people think his jokes are lame, but at least you can understand him!,5.0,3.0
Dr. Mitchell makes a circuit course as fun as it can be. Yes, his jokes are lame, but you could be staring at Powerpoint for the full 50 min. The best stradegy for this course is to take Dr. Mitchell's lecture and use Dr. Wharton's online notes and read the book. Not a very difficult class, but can be if taken with EE350.,3.5,3.0
Annoying class. Unfortunately it's required for ESC. You don't learn a whole lot, you just have A LOT of hw. Just have to get through it. Prof's alright, not anything to compliment though.,3.0,4.0
Dr. Mitchell is probably the best prof I've had at Penn State. He's hard, don't get me wrong, but he's always willing to talk to you and help you out. He's the kind of guy you have to really understand, bc he is definitely not normal, but he's awesome. Great sense of humor and knows his EE.,4.5,4.0
He corrects you're (sic)grammer (sic).,4.0,3.0
Great guy. Really nice, though his jokes are corny. I really liked that he lectured using the chalkboard rather than overheads and power point. If you ever need help, just go to his office hours and you'll get it.,4.5,3.0
I thought he was pretty easy he made the materials really clear, but I had mayer for 210 so mitchell not having lecture notes sucked but watch out once he knows your name...he loves to call on you,4.0,2.0
Useless prof,1.0,5.0
uses a lot of quaint, funny language. Self-depracating sense of humor, good guy. Very helpful during office hours. "Keep me honest here, folks.",4.0,3.0
Good Teacher,5.0,2.0
a mean looking and a hard teacher....,2.0,5.0
Ok guy, bad jokes but means well.,3.5,4.0
a hard teacher, not much else to say,2.0,5.0
Awesome Teacher,5.0,1.0
okey teacher, but the test is coming from outside of hw material, which is frustrating....,1.0,5.0
****? umm no. Hes a really good teacher, and knows his stuff if you ask him questions. If you cant understand the material when he teaches it, you've got other problems. The class is moderatly difficult, but not because of him.,5.0,2.0
Not a good teacher, this guy is getting more and more nastier as the day goes by, very racial, and always give ppl this demeaning look...,1.5,5.0
a total **** professor, and really rude when asking quesitons. His jokes in class totally pathetic, Professor Wharton is so much better than he is....,2.0,5.0
His jokes are really corny, but they keep the class more interesting. He does a good job overall with some difficult material, and will make sure the people in the class understand the material. Likes to do hard examples in class and call on students,4.5,4.0
He's one of the better teachers for this class. He's pretty interesting and I learned a lot in lecture.,4.0,3.0
Good teacher, hard class,4.0,4.0
No Comments,3.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Worst prof in the EE major. All his notes are on power point all copied straight out of the book, speaks so slow u will fall asleep. If u ask a question, he will make fun of u big time. Go to his office hours and ask question and he wont answer a single one. I dont think he even know the answers to the questions he gives u for practice tests,1.0,5.0
Monotone, takes notes straight from the book, got a walrus mustache and is a terrible test grader...only good part about class is when he owns kids when they ask dumb questions,1.0,3.0
He is an awful teacher. He obviously didn't want to teach the class or be there so he just rambled off of powerpoints that he took directly from the book. He graded tests really harshly, too.,1.5,4.0
Downright awful lecturer. Another great example of the EE department's neglect of the undergraduate. Not only does he not care about his lectures, he actually shows it. All his notes are out of the book and he doesn't hold office hours well. Typical graduate advisor snob.,1.5,4.0
This is the worst EE professor I've had at Penn State. Lectures are almost completely useless. He pretty much just points at the board and the equations and expects you to know what he's talking about. He goes through examples lightning fast and you never have enough time to copy them down Do not take his classes. Period.,1.5,4.0
This man must have tenure or something because he really put no effort in lectures. He communicates very poorly, and he really isn't very pleasant when you go to his office hours. On the final I don't think he really taught half the stuff he put on it. Just read the book, cause its pretty good.,1.0,4.0
Avoid this guy. He's lousy. Not able to properly communicate.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,3.5,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Don't know any real world applications.,1.0,5.0
Good Teacher, has a tremendous knowledge in his area but cant distribute it well,3.5,2.0
good speaking skills, easy homework,4.0,3.0
One of the best 330 teachers,4.0,3.0
We miss you Che tat ng :( You're the best 3,5.0,1.0
Doing his best to help students get understood concepts clearly,5.0,1.0
He never told us that we would be tested on the textbook notes and assignments were really easy exam was surprisingly hard,3.5,2.0
Elementary-level lectures in an advanced math class. The guy really loves math and wants his students to succeed, but he just can't teach. Assignments were much too easy, course came straight from the text, exams assumed things that were never covered. I have no idea what these other raters were thinking. Definitely the worst prof I've had :(,1.5,4.0
He is super patient and kind with students. He is extremely knowledgeable of the subject. However, his lectures are way to slow and he tends to wander off, spending time on obvious points that everyone gets, yet omitting much harder problems which he would later put on his exams. He gives: grade school lectures, high school hw & grad school exams.,5.0,5.0
extremely friendly and helpful prof, cares a lot about his students, knows the materials inside out,convey concepts crystal clear. absolutely my favorite prof in UW!,5.0,1.0
Teaches painfully slow. Only does super easy and trivial examples in class and then wonders why people can't figure out how to do harder stuff on the homework and tests. Final exam was very odd and ignored large parts of the course. Course never really "came together," the progression didn't flow very well at all.,2.5,3.0
His notes were next to useless. He hardly gave any examples to help you. He was SO SO painfully slow at teaching and he missed chunks of the material. Also we usually hadn't learned the stuff we needed to know for each assignment. Also the grading on midterms was outrageous, you lose points for everything, even if the answer is correct.,1.5,3.0
He was incredibly clear, but he taught at a painfully slow pace. We could have accomplished far more in 12 weeks than we actually did. Also, his assignments were very, very easy and hardly prepared us for the somewhat challenging midterm and final exams. I don't see the point in giving assignments if they're not going to teach us anything.,3.5,3.0
Awesome,4.5,2.0
Do you want do assn BEFORE you learn the knowledge in class? Do you want to feel good in exam, but lose a lot of mark for detail when you see the mark? Do you want to know how to do a question but prof tells you "you guys all know why"? Ng's class will train your self study ability. Believe me he won't teach you anything useful.,1.0,5.0
I took two classes with C.T. Ng and enjoyed both of them :) He's perfect for those who can learn independently. His lectures solidify textbook understanding, his assignments don't take long to do, and you can get help anytime (AND proofs are optional)! But if you rely on a prof to teach you everything, then he's probably not for you...,3.5,2.0
Lectures were just statements of definitions and theorems - only about half the theorems covered had proofs. Exam was brutal as expected of Ng. Covered material not covered by assignments.Overall; Avoid A group of us didn't take this course the first time around because Ng was the teacher - didn't matter he taught it the second time as well :(,1.5,1.0
Avoid at all costs!!!,2.5,1.0
Unclear and vague in explanations. I took the course and learnt nothing - he basically ruined pure math for me. Guys like him should stick to research, or teach courses like first year algebra/calculus, which aren't easy to screw up.,2.5,2.0
Gives rediculously hard midterms.,2.5,4.0
Spends 20 minutes describing what "with respect to" means without explaining the actual theorems. Doesn't post assignment solutions. Lecture notes were pretty much useless.,1.5,2.0
Does not post assignment solutions, does not give final exam information sheet. Very slow teaching style in class (ie takes 10+ mins to write down the statement of one theorem). Very unclear as to what is coverable, making it hard to study for exams.,2.0,2.0
Very reasonable, and exceptionally helpful outside class; didn't have any interest in topology until his class; takes care of concepts in class and leaves details for assignment; highly recommended; he does not entertain elitists -- but there is no loss -- they can just take a nap;,4.5,2.0
Very unorganized teacher and poor communicator. Will not help you prepare for your finals/midterms and assignments are nothing like the text. Pretty much teaches his version of lin algebra and stays away from the book. I did however attend every class and would fall asleep from lack of understanding,2.0,5.0
His lectures are as good as MATH 235 can get. His English could be a lot worse - 2nd year students have heard nothing yet! Shows a good # of examples whereas profs in other sections HATE examples. You must come to class or you will miss on a lot of exam material. Textbook is a supplement, not a replacement for attending class.,4.5,2.0
terrible English, the Mid-term does not match any assignments and textbook. Horrible hand writing!!!,1.0,5.0
Interesting class. Lectures were simple and assignments seemed simplistic enough (an easy marker helped here though). Exam seemed really difficult so keep sharp. P.S. Study True and False questions THOROUGHLY.,5.0,1.0
Great prof, knows his stuff. Explains mathematics in a really interesting way,4.0,3.0
Very clear explanations during lectures and a very nice person to talk to in his office. His assignments did not seem to be 100% related to lecture material (this may have something to do with the style of the textbook, too).,4.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
Class was easy as I got perfect. Haha.,4.0,3.0
Very nice prof, and great teacher. He seems to be teaching slowly, and people complain, yet the same people don't get half the concepts correctly. His pace is perfect for the avg of the class (and advanced level class), and when he seems to be going "slow" it means you have to pay closer attention,5.0,1.0
Ng is fairly nice and helpful, and he explains thing clearly. However, DO NOT take him for an advanced class or any higher level pure math course. He goes way too slowly - he won't cover most of the material, and if you are at all interested in math, the lectures will be excruciatingly boring.,3.0,1.0
One of the worst profs I've ever had.,1.0,2.0
he's s-o s----l-------o--------w.... if you're planning to learn math, don't take his course, he won't even be able to get to one tenth of the material he's supposed to get through, I wonder if he actually knows the stuff or not,1.0,2.0
This guy teaches WITHOUT notes!!! He does not need notes to look at and makes perfect examples on the spot!!!,5.0,2.0
Great teacher... you will think he's going too slow, but he's still actually ahead of other classes... explains VERY well...,5.0,4.0
This guy is kind, patient and smart. He doesn't have any fixed office hours, you can basically go in at any time, and he'll explain your questions for like 1 hour and still doesn't show even a slight sigh of impatience, great person.,4.5,3.0
Great prof! Loves algebra and makes you want to do well. Can be very funny!,5.0,2.0
Love this guy! Good lecturer, also patient to explain while consulted in person. Always laid back, super smart, can be funny when he wants to.,5.0,3.0
Great prof. Good pace, sometimes a bit slow. Makes everything very clear. Smiles alot. He wants you to learn.,5.0,3.0
Probably one of the worst profs ever....,2.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
Real smart. Explain stuff well. Much theory but few examples. Takes a lot of intellectual gut to enjoy his lectures,4.0,4.0
Among the best algebra profs at UW. Has a keen interest in his subject.,5.0,3.0
he made me love algebra!!,5.0,3.0
Goes slow, sometimes difficult to understand,3.5,3.0
GOD I totally agree with you....,5.0,3.0
Crystal Clear, Extremely Helpful, Sophisticated sence of humour. EXCELLENT!!!,5.0,3.0
Enjoys his job, likes to help, likes to smile,4.0,3.0
VERY thick accent. Didn't get much out of his lectures. fuuny though,1.5,2.0
very clear, goes slowly, explains difficult parts, likes animals,5.0,3.0
always smiling, explains things slowly and clearly,4.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
meh, he was ok...liked to compare cats and dogs....,3.0,3.0
teaches slowly and clearly. makes algebra first year a little easier.,4.5,2.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
Greatest math prof! Easy to follow,CARES,always smiles. Made an 8:30 class fun!,5.0,2.0
his I'm just a simple Pole in a complex plane joke is still a favourite,3.0,1.0
very well explained, v.good prof,4.0,3.0
a nice guy,always smiles,everything is understandable despite theFactHeHasAccent,5.0,3.0
Good prof; always smiles,4.0,4.0
COOL PROF. Writes Chinese words on the board if he doesn't understand you,5.0,1.0
hardly ever turned around to see the class,1.5,4.0
The best prof in my entire life. Humorous,Clear explains math in the proper way,5.0,1.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
1st yr alg. might be hard for some of u guys, but cant alwys blame the prof,5.0,3.0
Very good prof. But too much of a language barrier. I could not understand him.,3.0,3.0
you animo !!!!,4.0,1.0
Bunch of n00bs, CT owns you all.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Funny guy, quite clear on explanations,4.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
Hilarious to listen to..."this animal" truly great to get help 1 on 1 from.,4.0,4.0
Puts his heart into teaching, but I couldn't learn from him. Too smart/own good.,3.5,5.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
Good clear prof. Covered a lot of interesting material.,4.0,4.0
Stressed hard points, good sense of humor. Overall, he was pretty decent.,4.0,3.0
He spends the whole time on one example without finishing it! He is the WORST!,1.0,5.0
He will tell you the same thing over and over and over and over and over again.,1.0,5.0
Knows his stuff. Just can't teach it,2.5,3.0
Great sense of humour. Clear and easy to understand. Emphasizes key points.,4.5,4.0
One of the worse profs ever,1.0,3.0
Helpfull and rather good, just pay attention,4.5,4.0
I think you guys are being harsh. I found him understandable, fair, friendly. B-,4.0,3.0
C.T. Ng, C.T. Ng, Who knows what the XXXX he's saying!,1.5,3.0
Nothing to say, better find another prof to fit ur timetable,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
My last name is "NG" (pronounce "mmm...") not "ING", "NG".,1.5,5.0
Incredibly frustrating....only take his course if you feel like being tortured.,1.0,4.0
dont want him again,1.5,3.0
A really weird prof. Slow at everything - teaching, replying to e-mails, marking. Many people couldn't stand his lectures and the attendance was usually at 30% or so. His TA's mark assignments really hard, but the assignments themselves are very time consuming. Final was also quite hard, marks were supposed to be out 5 days ago... Very frustrating.,2.5,4.0
Course material is hard, and he's not a spectacular prof. He reads straight from the course notes. Contrary to other ratings the midterm was hard, but it was all things from the course notes. However the final was very hard. Helpful, if you can find him.,3.5,4.0
Drop the course. If that's not the choice, don't bother attending the lectures. Just stay home and read the thick books, for it'll be much more helpful and better use of your time.,1.0,5.0
Horrible Prof, switch sections immediately!,1.0,5.0
Drop the course if you have him, or just skip the classes!,1.5,4.0
Worst instructors possible. Poor quality lack of knowledge of the subject. In fact such people should not given the oppertunity to teach a Computer Science Course. NO WORKING experience on programming. Very poor inter personnal skills. Very poor teaching.,1.0,5.0
Sounds like a nice guy, but an absolutely horrible teacher. Puts you to sleep within minutes, and the course notes are no help, either. Some of the stuff on the midterm wasn't even mentioned in class. If you have no choice at all, AVOID!,1.5,4.0
Quite possibly one of UW's worst. Has unrealistic expectations from exams, tends to read notes out in class rather than teaching the material, answers questions with more questions. Class midterm average was 59% ** BEWARE **,1.0,5.0
VERY disorganized. Avoid if possible.,1.0,3.0
Bad attitude. Doesn't prepare, or even appear to understand the material. Coordinates activites poorly. STAY AWAY.,1.0,1.0
Complicated a straight forward course. Asked q's in midterm about things that were never taught. Lectures are borrring.,1.5,3.0
Couldn't teach his way out of a box. doesn't prep,3.5,3.0
People who know the stuffs before still know, people who don't still don't,2.0,4.0
He knows his stuff, but can be very dry,4.0,1.0
boring LEC, tries to crack jokes, answers questions thoroughly though,3.0,3.0
baaad... baaad examples... suuucks,1.5,5.0
lectures = nap time. Nice and funny guy, but doesn't teach well.,2.5,3.0
Shouldn't be allowed to teach any courses. horrible instructor(he isn't prof),1.0,4.0
Boring, unimaginative and clearly a lacky,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
He tries/cares, but lectures are straight from notes and BORING. Stopped going.,3.0,3.0
didn't copy any notes down in his lec,went to becker's lecture at 8:30 for notes,2.5,3.0
Looks and sounds like Mr. Burns! He is helpful and nice outside class,3.0,3.0
I now know less about this course that I did when I started it,1.0,5.0
Mumbles quietly to self instead of lecturing to class.,1.0,5.0
I went to 1st and last classes... He's useless,2.0,3.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
One piece of advice -Skip the lecture and just read the flowbook- you will pass,1.0,5.0
Oh my god I just failed the final exam,3.0,5.0
After writing the exam, I thought maybe I was in the wrong lectures all year...,1.5,4.0
#5 program,He says working individually=10% bonus. Really means -10% for groups.,1.0,5.0
Helpful outside class. Lecture style could be improved.,3.0,3.0
Horrible. boring. Shouldn't be allowed to teach,1.0,5.0
Can't teach, better off skipping class, exams ok, assignments long.,1.0,1.0
Course good, professor bad,2.0,4.0
does not know how to speak, does know how to teach, does not know C++,1.0,5.0
Brutally bad prof,1.0,5.0
Doesn't make the course interesting as it could be.,2.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,2.0
Read the textbook, skip the lectures.,2.0,4.0
Very good course, only because I only went to one class,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
Only class I went to... the first class...,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
Worst prof in UW CS,1.0,5.0
boring guy!,2.5,2.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
Helpful outside of the classroom, but CAN'T teach. Hard exams, boring lectures,3.0,3.0
imagine he was *best* of 3 profs teaching 246 when i took it...,3.0,3.0
Has found the cure to insomnia, His lectures.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
his lectures will suck your will to live,2.0,3.0
why isn't there a 0 score?? skip the classes will put you in good shape...,1.0,4.0
worst prof at UW,1.0,4.0
puts people to sleep and gives hard exams,1.5,4.0
boring.....does anyone else think he looks like Mr. Burns from the Simpsons?,3.0,4.0
Really nice guy, helpful outside of class, but lectures make you very sleepy...,3.5,3.0
Willing to help students after class but not a very good lecturer!,2.0,4.0
he didn't know C++ yet was teaching a course where that was the main language,1.0,4.0
A stickman, might collapse anytime.,1.5,3.0
Absolutely useless,1.0,4.0
I could swear his lectures make the paint on the wall start to fade,1.0,5.0
Talks about null pointers so often I wonder if he has a dysfunction,1.0,5.0
I think he prepares his lectures in the shower..,1.0,5.0
Eat something, for Christ's sake!,1.0,5.0
Bad prof, actually demonstrates that he'd rather be somewhere else instead,1.5,5.0
Horrible,just horrible.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
Nice guy, but can't teach to save his life.,1.5,4.0
Don't bother going to his class,1.0,5.0
i can't believe he is still teaching..,1.5,5.0
terrible~~,1.5,5.0
worst prof i've ever seen,1.0,5.0
Reason why I dropped 246. What the hell is he talking about?,1.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,4.0
Overall a decent prof that teaches the material well. Even though you learn through the assignments, they are vague, unnecessarily tedious, and require you to follow a purely subjective coding style. Most programs are required to print output in a complex way when there are many simpler alternatives, and I resent wasting time on these aspects.,4.0,4.0
He is simply the god of concurrency.,5.0,4.0
Great prof. The course is hard but fun. I leaned a lot.,5.0,4.0
One of the greatest professors at the University. Simply amazing. No more needs to be said.,5.0,4.0
Assignments are tedious for this class so better to start earlier. Tests are not difficult if you memorize your assignment code and course note, would not require too much thinking. Peter is good prof, though sometimes he might explain things in not natural way. Prepare to learn such terms as "Shmilbling", "Maluba", "Automagic" and "Daaaa".,4.0,3.0
He's definitely a great lecturer, but personally he kind of butchered CS246 for me (and for many others). Not a lot of object-oriented programming was taught, which I thought was the point of the class. The assignments were pretty tedious and boring. I don't think I learned too much, honestly. Wish I had Nomair. Other than that, Peter was solid.,4.0,3.0
One of the best professors I ever had. An amazing lecturer. Very nice and inspirational.,5.0,4.0
Hands down, one of the best CS profs; no more needs to be said.,5.0,1.0
The best concurrency prof out there. Extremely enthusiastic, funny and crazy. You will love his lectures. His lecture is addicting and fluent to listen to. Concurrency is hard and he makes it easy to understand. Assignments are long and hard but very helpful. Gives exam solution so you can expect exam with same format. Can be impatient on Piazza.,5.0,4.0
THE BEST PROF. His lecture are interesting and funny. Assignment takes time but not too challenging, as long as you spend long enough staring at it.,4.5,3.0
My favourite prof. Really good at teaching this course. Although materials are hard, he is really good at explaining them. Exams are easy IF you know everything on the course notes. Really nothing out of surprise. Assignments are a bit challenging and takes time though.,5.0,4.0
Best prof I've ever had during my 4 years in Waterloo.,5.0,4.0
Great prof - an expert in the subject of concurrency, he knows his stuff. Extremely empathetic with students, and works with you if you're having issuesconcerns with any of the material. He's more interested in you learning than having you do a bunch of assignments for the sake of credit. Take this if you get a chance!,5.0,4.0
Incredible professor! Very eager to help students debug, even though it is a third year course. Very knowledgeable about many CS related topics. Very interesting prof and perhaps the best on Waterloo campus.,5.0,3.0
I had his CS246 lecture. He's one of the best prof I've ever met at UW. I wanted to take his CS343 at Fall term 2012 but he's temporary not in school. I will wait him till he's back.,5.0,4.0
One of the best UW CS professors. Perhaps the best.,5.0,3.0
Works very hard to make lectures entertaining/educational and actively helps students with their programming problems. An impressive professor. Assignments can be a little ambiguous. It might be intentional.,5.0,4.0
Hilarious prof! I go to his lecture to get entertained, and in the process learn some C++/OOP. Lecture materials are both relevant and insightful. Assignments and tests are not easy, but doable. No need to go to tutorials, just pay attention in class. Overall, does a good job teaching what you will need in the workplace.,4.0,2.0
On the newsgroup, one student said "The assignment never said we weren't allowed to print extra stuff" because marks were deducted for extra output. Peter responded "The assignment never said you could print extra stuff!" It's perfectly normal to print extra helpful feedback as the program runs. Talk about helpfulness and professional behavior!,1.5,4.0
Amazing prof. Funny, very interesting, knows his stuff. He makes the course hard but straightforward - you will learn a LOT. The final exam is hard, study his notes well! 5/5,5.0,4.0
Moves quickly through lectures. Some independent learning. Great prof. Material was excellent and practical. Assignments are lengthy, but prove to be extremely helpful and teach you real world applications of CS such as the fact that some specifications are not 100% complete of programs and that some independent learning is needed in addition.,5.0,4.0
Really smart guy, and a really good course. Tells interesting stories about programming languages. Many questions are straight from the course notes.,5.0,3.0
He is the best prof in UW CS department. Although cs343 is usually a tough course, he really makes it easy. crystal lectures, helpful assignments and the best thing is he gave sample exam which is a great source to study from. A must take!!!!,5.0,4.0
Amazing Prof! Difficult assignments and tests but the amount of stuff you'll learn about your coding styles and other things about the world of C++ is amazing. If you have the chance, take a course with him.,5.0,3.0
The best CS prof in Waterloo. Love his lectures and his assignments. Helped me improve my coding skills as well as concurrency...Must take.,5.0,3.0
Awesome prof! As everyone said, this guy makes hard concepts easy by using effective analogies. His classes are always a pleasure to go to. I've learned a TREMENDOUS amount in this course, both about concurrency and being a better coder. This is what a university course should be like. If you're going to take CS343, take it with Buhr!,5.0,4.0
One of the best profs at Waterloo. Makes everything easy to understand using everyday analogies.,5.0,3.0
He is someone who understands what teaching is all about and you can tell he truly enjoys it. An amazing presenter that provides you with tons of useful information and utilizes analogies very very effectively. I would have NEVER understood the reader/writer solution with split-binary semaphores without him explaining it. Go to all his lectures!,5.0,4.0
He's been the best CS prof I've ever had. The content is not the easiest, but his slides and presentations are clear. He's clear about his biases, and tries very hard to justify them. Lectures are entertaining, informative and hilarious. He's not just interested in teaching you concurrency, he also is trying to make you a better coder period.,4.0,4.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
Amazing prof who's always enthusiastic about the subject. He cares about the students and can answer questions with ease. He uses helpful analogies to get concepts across. Course notes were very thorough and accompanied his lectures well. Exams are not too hard if you study and listen in class. Very very good teacher.,5.0,3.0
He's only interested in teaching his biased view on things. His assignments and examinations encourage verbal regurgitation of terminology and copious amounts of BS. You can easily get 60% on the assignments just through documentation and testing, our midterm was 50% terminology. You'll learn more from other 4th year CS courses.,3.0,3.0
Excellent prof! Memorable/funny analogies for concepts taught. He loves teaching. He loves concurrency. Very nice guy as well.,5.0,2.0
AMAZING prof. has a funny analogy for everything. who knew you can teach concurrency with a bathroom as an example! his classes are never boring and he really has the passion for teaching. highly recommended!,5.0,3.0
This dude is fun, and relays material well and with cute examples. An example of an extraordinary professor.,5.0,4.0
Amazing Prof. You should not take the course with anyone BUT him. He is extremely motivational and dedicated to teaching. There is nobody who knows more about the subject than him. Excellent at promoting questions in class and makes himself highly available outside of class.,5.0,2.0
A great, friendly lecturer. He makes lots of fun (and geeky) jokes during the lecture. His lectures are never boring. Explains materials well.,5.0,2.0
A bit dry at times, but otherwise very clear and helpful. If Caroline Kierstead is the course coordinator, ignore her. Always talk to Buhr instead, you will get a much better and clearer response.,5.0,2.0
Excellent explanations. Too slow at times if the stuff makes sense to you, but very good overall. Seems very friendly. Assignments/tests seemed very straightforward; material was tested/reinforced well -- most well-organized course I've ever taken. If you have a choice, take this course for sure.,4.0,2.0
This was a really really hard class. Well, at least he made it into one. He was a great prof, but concurrency is just a crazy class. No way around that.,4.5,5.0
Best ComSci professor imo. Very entertaining and very easy to understand what he says, the clock always tick too fast in his lecture. Pretty much the only lecture I actually enjoy going.,5.0,2.0
Best prof I ever had!,5.0,4.0
Best professor I've had at Waterloo. Expert at concurrency and extremely funny and entertaining.,5.0,4.0
extremely convuluted explanations that are boring as hell. Impossible to pay attention to, which makes the course hard.,1.5,3.0
This guy knows his concurrency man... don't even think about challenging him... go to his lectures.. awesome explanations... i wish i went more often.. but class was too early :(,5.0,2.0
Great Professor! Know his stuffs and know how to teach :) Beautiful Explanation on everything.,5.0,2.0
Solid.,4.0,3.0
Clear and incredibly interesting lecturing on some extremely difficult topics. However, he did promise that we would grow our first gray hairs by the end of the course, and I know I did.,5.0,5.0
Definitely the best CS prof, knows how to speak English and knows how to teach. What more could you ask for?,5.0,2.0
Awesome prof! If you take 342, go ONLY to his class,5.0,1.0
Advice: Don't miss a single lecture of his. He explains everything beautifully. And if you don't understand something still...just download and read his text. Exact same examples from the course notes, but more verbose.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
One of the worst profs in UW. He thinks he knows more then he does and will tell students this. The unintelligent students just may even beleive it. I'm sorry for automagically giving you this bad review, but you deserve it.,1.0,3.0
If you take CS342, take his lecture!!,5.0,3.0
uC++ is very good work. .. hzp.,5.0,1.0
Def knows his stuff, goes through examples well, does not just read off the notes like Carolin. My only complaint was for him to tone down the silly responses that he would occasionally give to a valid question every once in a while.,4.5,2.0
the best prof. in uw,5.0,1.0
Great prof. Must have,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Knows his stuff. Makes it easy to understand.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Expert in C++, a Buhr lecture a day keeps the java defenders away.,5.0,3.0
I've never had another prof who knows his **** as well as Buhr. Un-stumpable.,4.5,1.0
Among the best CS profs, and also really smart, research etc.,5.0,3.0
Using Beer as examples makes concurrency easy to understand.,5.0,3.0
Looks like Ned Flanders from The Simpsons.,5.0,1.0
Excellent lecturer.,5.0,2.0
extremely smart, knows this course inside out. best prof evar,5.0,4.0
One grrrrrrrreat prof!,5.0,3.0
Stage presence, wit, and brains - he's a hotty! Likes squash, Van Gogh,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,4.0
Wrote the language we learn,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,4.0
really good prof that introduces you concurrency,4.5,3.0
Used old exams, but he dont teach for next 16 months,4.5,1.0
Fried Running Shoe Man strikes again!,4.0,2.0
Makes CS sound easy - and I am a 65%'er in most CS classes.,5.0,3.0
hype prof,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
funny, great examples!,5.0,3.0
I graduated years ago, but I still remember Buhr as one of the best profs ever.,5.0,2.0
The guy above contradicts his rating...duh! Buhr's funny and knowledgable,3.5,2.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
Correction: Very funny, enthusiastic, and helpful!,5.0,3.0
Excellent understanding of threading issues, which made it easy to teach.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,4.0
Very funny, enthusiastic, and helpful!,1.0,4.0
Cool Guy,4.0,2.0
You will fail if you take this prof's courses. Stay away from ELEC and COMP ENG. They both suck and will keep you unemployed for a long time after graduation. Even McDonalds wont hire you when you dont have a job after graduating from Comp Eng because they would think you are too over qualified and will leave them. Stay away from ECE at Queens.,1.0,5.0
Interesting course.,5.0,2.0
Terrible prof,2.0,4.0
Assigns multi-week projects requiring subsequent weeks work to be perfect and refuses to provide solutions, thus screwing any chance of completion after week 2. Reluctant to answer questions, quick to criticize (often and unreservedly) but few of his criticisms are ever helpful. More concerned about his own proprietary interests than teaching.,1.5,3.0
yoo man this guy says you must get 55% or better on the final exam of APSC 142 in order for the project mark to count for full, what the hell is this man, not everyone is going into electrical or computer engineering? Why do you need to be so hard on 1st Year engineers. Those of us going into mechanical or civil wont ever look at programming again,2.5,5.0
Dr. Simmons is the best prof in ECE ive had so far. No one compares to him in how well he prepares his materials. Questions are well answered. 6811 is his baby and he can teach it well. I hate ECE, but I love stan simmons.. gogo stan simmons!!,4.5,3.0
Dr. Simmons is the man. He is the most thorough individual you ever met.. His course manual is one of the best-written pieces of educational material I've ever used. And he does everything to help his students learn. An outstanding professor.,5.0,3.0
A good person but rather strict when it comes to matters like prerequisite waivers,4.5,5.0
He hated me and gave me a low mark on the project. Terrible professor, I came in liking programming left considered switching out of engineering. Learn how to teach.,1.0,5.0
His notes were well done and the course was organized, but he felt like he just didn't care since we were a first year class. Also, no one counld understand why he taught additions to C programming. We were a novice class, reivew would have been more helpful.,3.0,4.0
Dr. Simmons is a wonderful prof. I wish there were more like him.,5.0,3.0
Captain Kingston all the way. BSc, MASc and Phd all from Queen's and was born and raised in Kingston too. Don't like the guy much cause he was too lazy to write me references. His courses are easy but only cause he's lazy. Look at his list of publications and you will see what I mean. Try googling his name. Nothing.,3.0,1.0
He supervised the QBot project. Very time-consuming, but a good project anyway. His notes are good and he seemed very committed to the project. He even wrote a simulator program to help us.,4.0,3.0
I found that he was really wise and gives good and fair advice. He is amongst some of the most fair profs in the department.,5.0,3.0
if it was upto him i would have gotten kicked out of engineering years ago. that jerk. still he teaches really well and his exams are uncreative so you just have to memorise how to solve all his other past exams to get full marks. still, he's a jerk.,4.0,1.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
If this guy wasn't at Queen's. The department would be nothing.,5.0,2.0
excellent teacher,4.5,4.0
He's a great prof,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
one of the best profs around!,5.0,1.0
Excellent prof. one of the best I've had. Nice voice,5.0,2.0
He's Captian Kingston. Born in, schooled, B.SCed, M.SCed, P.HDed in kingston. Ok guy but what everyone seems to think is nice is really just lazy. 451 exam hasn't changed format in years. He represents part of the problem with ECE queen's and why it sucks,3.5,1.0
Dr. Simmons is a very fair and approachable person. He is an incredibly intelligent prof. I want him to become the Head of the Electrical and Computer Engineering department or he should become the next Dean of Applied Science.,5.0,3.0
Tough course - Great prof. VERY Helpful and dedicated,5.0,3.0
He looks like Richard Gere.,5.0,3.0
I had Simmons for several classes and he was my 498 advisor. He was extreamly helpful, clear, easy to work with, etc.,5.0,2.0
The best prof in the ECE department. Very understanding as a professor and undergraduate chair for COMP ENG-Always does what is in the best favour of the students. Not too hard in marking and a very nice guy. Can freely talk to him about any problems,5.0,2.0
A really great prof for a really great course. Very helpful and organized...he really knows his stuff!,5.0,2.0
Great professor !,5.0,2.0
really cares for students success. very good and intelligent professor,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
Has much concern for his students.,5.0,2.0
stan is so boring,3.0,1.0
great teacher -- use his online notes!!!!,4.5,2.0
stan is a sexy guy,5.0,3.0
great guy, far better than that dumb ass david lay,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
This guy is a joke. clearly has tenure, just collecting his pay cheque until he dies. doesn't give a fuc. yells at students. if you want to pass this class, find someone who took it previously, get their old midterm, and as much info about the final as you can. and draw pictures for EVERY ANSWER,1.0,3.0
Basically, 0 calculations for 1 of the most severe problems in materials. You can get an A either by obtaining solutions to previous final exams or memorize all the diagrams even without understanding what they mean to you. A guaranteed pass course. Good stories in class though.,2.0,1.0
Excellent prof. Very clear and gives great examples from personal experience. Highly recommended.,5.0,3.0
Good prof, presentation style makes it easy to follow along. Note taking is mandatory, so don't take this class if you want a lazy class. Sometimes he is vague, but fair if you explain your answers. Draw pictures on exams.,3.5,2.0
GREAT PROFF!!! Just listen, study, do as he asks, and you'll be fine. My fourth A+ with him.,4.5,1.0
Marking scheme is ridiculous - expecting drawings on the test, when it never asked for one? Instructor emits an extremely lazy attitude, always wanting to end class early, etc. Marking is absolute ludicris. Course content was very interesting - unfortunately U of M has discarded this course.,1.5,3.0
This prof is the worst I have ever encountered. He does do not follow any standards, his marking of the exams are totally out in space. Waste of tuition with this course. Hope he retires soon. Oh ya, if your last name is German, guaranteed to pass course.,1.0,5.0
Not a great prof. His tests and like something you would get in jr high, draw a bunch of pictures and write down definitions. Unfortuneately he marks the tests completely randomly, 50% of your mark will be based on knowledge, 50% on luck.,2.0,2.0
The best prof I've ever had at the U of M.,4.5,2.0
Tough grader. Won't read over papers for you and doesn't accept drafts. Not very helpful when it comes to questions. Can help you become a better writer if you take the time on the papers.,3.0,4.0
She knows how to teach a poetry workshop. I got a lot out of this class.,5.0,4.0
Class was fun you talk the whole time and share your poems and short stories, but she is very opinionated. Lets you out early sometimes. Easy B.,2.0,3.0
Dr Kerman teaches creative writing totally differently than other profs at SVSU. I preferred her style because she makes the classes structured and makes sure students give constructive rather than mean criticism. Don't expect an easy A; As are attainable but not without effort. I felt like I really improved my writing as a result of her class.,2.5,4.0
Very Very tough grader. She expects you to write just how she likes, and it's hard to tell what that is because her assignments are not very clear. If you want a Challenge then take this teacher.,2.5,4.0
Very hard grader. I recievd a 3.0 after busting my ass. I never used the writing center before and went there for every paper and she still graded them harshly. There are no tests, but the final sucks. If you are not knowledgable on the bible, you can not do good on the final unless you can memorize where passages are in the bible.,2.5,5.0
I had to take her for an honors class. She is tough. You have to know what she likes. Listen to her feed back and journal questions to figure our what she wants. Get on her good side!! If she likes you and thinks your are trying she will help you even more. She is very picky and knows what she likes and she will tell you what she dosn't like!!,3.0,3.0
Incredible class - she's probably the most knowledgeable teacher on campus. A lot of reading, but it's well explained, so even if you miss a day or two you won't fall behind.,5.0,3.0
Really got you thinking. Although I would recommend making appointments with her to go over your work and portfolio pieces, as there is not a lot of feedback from her, so your final grade might be a surprise if you don't make the effort. Grades her book review very harshly!,4.0,3.0
I learned a lot from Dr. Kerman. I can't believe the negative comments and had to respond. I was challenged (that is the point isn't it?)but not unreasonably so. We are in college people! I really enjoyed and was inspired by this class.,5.0,2.0
Kerman is the woman who made me run away from writing crying.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,3.5,5.0
Very hard to keep up with the reading/log book while doing her other requirements. Not too friendly. For an Old Testament as literature course she sure walked a fine line between seperation of church and state. I mean come on, she brought in a rabbi one day. He had the little hat and all.,3.0,4.0
Had a blast! Makes me want to write all the time. Can be a little crazy, but unlike many other teachers she makes learning fun. Get on her good side. If you enjoy to write you will love it. She lets you pick most of the topics!,5.0,1.0
I loved this class - I had so much fun, and I got a lot out of it. Because of it, I'll be writing a lot more, and I would recommend her to anyone for Creative Writing. I don't know about other classes. But if you go in with enthusiasm... your destined to do well.,4.5,1.0
Class starts interesting then turns not to be. She didn't come across as nice person, I thought she was kindof mean. She expects a lot of reading. It's hard to keep up.,2.0,4.0
I think all of the positive comments about her were written by Kerman herself. A nightmare.,1.5,5.0
I'm pretty sure she's evil, and that's not just because she gave me a B and screwed up my student file when she was the director of my grad program.,1.0,3.0
WOW! Great teacher of poetry. Class was a blast. She expects effort, but is fair. Class was great.,5.0,3.0
Very intesesting class. Knew her material well and chose her books and topics well. There is a lot of reading to keep up with and she challenges you as a writer. Learned a lot and had a good time.,4.0,2.0
She's slow to respond to students' questions; I perceived her tone as snotty; her grading system defies reasoning; she often can't adquately explain concepts to students. The list goes on, but the space for my comments does not.,1.5,3.0
Very nice woman, easy to get along with, but i couldn't stand her class! She successfully turned a lit class into bible study and confused us to death! Oh, by the way, papers have nothing to do with in-class lecture!,2.0,4.0
Couldn't STAND this class, and I'm a very easy-going student. Talked more about her friggin' fish than anything we needed to know. Gonna be a long fall when someone knocks her off that pedestal she's put herself on.,1.0,2.0
She is very interested in course topics. Has great ideas and is very helpful with developing paper topics and making suggestions to improve writing. Very easy to get along with, and interesting too!!,4.0,3.0
She thinks she is God's gift to writing and she might try to convince you as such. A word of advice, don't believe a word of it. If you don't mind arguing with a professor when you know full well they're wrong, this class is for you.,1.0,3.0
Very nice. A bit boring and repetitive but overall and easy class. I would recommend her anytime over others.,4.0,2.0
she is sick.,1.0,5.0
WORST TEACHER EVER!!!....She told us straight up that she believed that everything was GOD. A Real wacko!!....dropped the class the first day at the midway break....DON'T TAKE HER!,1.0,5.0
She's very very very impressed with herself. Unbearably so.,1.0,4.0
She is an awesome teacher and very easy to get along with. I would recommend her class to anyone. Take her classes.,5.0,1.0
i found the poetry reading irritating at times but overall i liked the class,3.5,3.0
Hey, at least she's sexy...yeah, right,2.5,3.0
She should be Fired!!!!!!!!,1.0,5.0
Very, very nice!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,1.0
Dr. Kerman is awesome! Her scholarship is top notch.,5.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
A lot of the assignments we did for this online class were just unnecessary and difficult. I have no idea how she is in person, so I cannot speak about that. However I will say that if you take her online, be cautious cause her class will get frustrating.,2.0,4.0
Dr. Pierce is very fun and keeps students involved. She is very open and understanding so make sure to ask questions. Definitely take notes on the lectures! I would say that tests are about 50/50 regarding where the info comes from (lectures vs textbook). 2 speeches total. 3 exams: 1st is normal, 2nd is take-home, 3rd (FINAL) is comprehensive.,5.0,3.0
I love Dr. Pierce! This is the 2nd time I've taken a class with her and I would take her again if I could. Forensics & Debate can seem daunting but she makes it so much fun and interesting. There is a decent amount of work in the class including 2 presentations. Do the work and you'll do fine in the class!,5.0,3.0
Amy is so caring and her lectures are amazing. I was very nervous of doing presentations in public speaking and she made it super easy and simple. She is very caring too.,5.0,1.0
Dr. Pierce is a nice lady, don't get me wrong. Her class was relatively interesting, though unless you know for fact that you are going to coach a forensics or debate team someday, don't take this class. My main critique of her is that she very frequently lets her political biases bleed into the class. Its unprofessional, and it got quite annoying.,3.0,3.0
I loved having Amy as a professor! There are 3 essays and 2 speeches. She's very understanding and really wants you to succeed. She has children in high school/college, so she really understands and tries to help you. Go to class! She makes it very enjoyable, and you truly learn. Know the stuff on the review sheets and you'll do fine on the exams!,5.0,3.0
Professor Pierce is AWESOME! She is a mother of high school and college kids so she is a genuine person. Super caring and understanding. Have 3 exams and only 2 speeches. Take her and you will be just fine. No worries at all!! She makes sure you know exactly what you are doing, how to do it, when to do it. Take her, I promise it'll be okay!!,5.0,2.0
By far the best COMM professor at SVSU! Amy has changed my perspective and opened my eyes to so many issues that occur in society. She is very clear on what she expects out of her students and gives really good feedback. She also gives many opportunities for extra credit throughout the semester.,5.0,4.0
Loved Dr. Pierce!! This class was amazing, I would definitely take one of her classes again! As long as you try your best and reach out if you have questions, you'll do great!,5.0,3.0
You need to read and attend lectures, they are essential. Only two speeches, one of them is a good chunk of the grade. Theres one paper, also a good chunk of the grade. Studying is needed to do good on exams, dont expect to get a good grade if you dont study. She is really caring and wants the best for her students. Minimum extra credit,4.0,5.0
Course is based around four speeches and two exams. Dr. Pierce is very passionate about public speaking and helping people communicate with others. Very easy to talk to and will work extra with you if you reach out. Her bright, bubbly personality made it my favorite class!,5.0,3.0
Dr. Pierce is the sweetest person ever and I loved her class. She grades kind of tough but doesn't at the same time, she is really sympathetic and will be in the students favor. She also gives you two free absences and anymore will be deducted from your grade.,5.0,4.0
Doctor Pierce was so sweet! She is so fun and truly cares about each of her students! The class itself isnt hard, just show up everyday and write your speeches. She is so willing to help out her students in any situation! Very talkative (in a good way) and keeps students engaged with her fun discussions!,5.0,3.0
Great professor, I dreaded taking a class I would have to give speeches in but this class was great. Lectures are very interesting, I recommend studying for exams because they were a little more difficult than I expected, I got a book for this class and havent opened it once and received an A. I also found word for word Quizlets for study guides.,5.0,2.0
Pierce is amazing. I wasnt a gery good public speaker myself, but she made it to where I felt more comfortable in the way I present my speaking. Shes really caring and will help you if you need it. Shes willing to take questions , and answer them and she is always open about emailing her. :),5.0,3.0
I adored Amy. She made me become a better public speaker. She understands that people are nervous to speak in front of class and she gives good feedback on what you can do to improve and what also you did well in every speech. Tip: make sure you type up the right material before your speech. I would definitely take her again!,5.0,3.0
Pretty great professor. Very nice, happy, and informed. Not too hard of a class if you are only shooting for a B or so. If you want an A you will have to put in the effort. Do not bother buying the textbook, it's helpful for studying for the exam, but I would suggest you save your money. Gives out small amount of EC, Attendance is graded.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Pierce is AMAZING. She is so bubbly and really cares about what she teaches. I love going to lecture, because we talk about a lot more than just public speaking. She is so supportive and gives excellent feedback. She is there to help in every way possible.,5.0,2.0
I love Dr. Pierce! I took her for Public Speaking and she was incredible. She has clear grading criteria, which is nice. I got an A on every speech. Pay attention to her guidelines and you'll be fine. She even lets you email her your speech before you give it to the class, so she can give you corrections on what she's looking for.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Pierce is my absolute favorite professor, I would highly recommend taking her classes. She is very personable and helpful, you will always know exactly what she expects on an assignment.,5.0,2.0
Great professor who explains everything very good and always tries to help.,5.0,3.0
AMY PIERCE IS THE BEST PROFS YOU WILL EVER HAVE. She's the most well organized and well informed professor I have ever had. She is very funny, caring and you can tell she loves teaching. She lets you know EXACTLY what she wants, do that and you will be fine. (also don't by the book, I didn't even open it) STUDY FOR HER EXAMS- heavy content coverage,5.0,3.0
Dr. Pierce is amazing. She makes you feel comfortable because she knows public speaking is not everyone's thing. I did 4 speeches but she graded fairly easily. I would take Pierce again without a doubt.,4.0,2.0
LOVED Dr. Pierce! She was by far my favorite COMM professor yet at SVSU. Her lectures were very engaging and relevant to what was one the exams. She posts her slides to canvas and gives study guides. If you study from those, you'll do fine on exams. I would highly recommend! :),5.0,4.0
An amazing professor! She's always there for her students, easy to talk to, and makes it clear what you'll be graded on and how. In 105A, there are only two speeches, a short introductory one and a slightly longer one. I hate public speaking, but the class was actually very relaxed, perhaps even my favorite for the semester. Highly recommended!,5.0,2.0
Dr. Pierce is very nice and kind to students outside of the classroom. I took her for 3 classes and I worked my butt off for a "B" everytime. Her tests were very difficult, but her projects are what saves students, there is enough to offset the tests.,3.5,4.0
LOVE Dr. Pierce and would absolutely take another class with her. She's very helpful and understanding, and her tests are pretty simple. She also gives excellent feedback. Be sure to visit her office hours.,5.0,2.0
Amy is a great professor! Super helpful and upbeat! There were 4 speeches in this class. She's a tough grader because she can see the potential to improve on everything. Only two tests and they were pretty straightforward. Definitely helped improve my public speaking!,4.0,3.0
Amy makes you work for your grade but she is so passionate about what she talks about you cant help but want to learn. She encourages discussions and loves when student send her links or stories to use as examples in lectures. Willing to help if you have trouble and very encouraging. She sees potential in people and pushes them towards it.,4.5,4.0
love love love Amy. She is my favorite yet here at SVSU. Her lectures are fun and upbeat. You give 4 speeches in B, none are too tough. Loved the class and will most likely take her again.,4.0,3.0
She was super nice! always there to help you out. lots of note taking but it helps for your speeches! definitely recommend.,4.5,2.0
She is a very friendly person with a bouncing off the wall personality. Always gave helpful feedback on how to better your speeches. Very encouraging.,3.5,2.0
She is a very friendly person with a joyous personality. Always gave helpful feedback on how to better your speeches. Very encouraging.,3.5,2.0
Amy loves her job. So nice and helpful. She is always willing to help you with anything and answers all emails in a very timely manner. She also has no problem going over criteria more than once.,5.0,1.0
Amy is the greatest professor I've ever had at SVSU. She makes you laugh and smile, which are the things that make class fun! She is very energetic, always bursting out. The class was incredibly interesting and she changed mine and other students' perspective on things. Awesome, will take again.,5.0,2.0
Amy is a wonderful professor. She has fairly high standards, but she lets you know exactly what she is looking for. The paper is not hard at all, and she provides a study guide for each test that truly covers EVERYTHING she plans on testing over. Very interesting lectures and makes sure to relate topics to outside world. My favorite professor here!,5.0,3.0
aweome professor wish there were more like amy at svsu, thanks for your teaching ability and the care you show your students. :),5.0,1.0
Dr. Pierce is a great professor! If you have a chance to take her you definitely should! She is very nice and funny and makes class fun and interesting! Only one paper and one 10-12 minute speech, which you can choose whatever topic you want. Tests are multiple choice and short answer. As long as you fill out the study guides you'll do fine!,5.0,2.0
I love Dr. Pierce! She is extremely helpful and wants to make sure you get the best grade you can get. She is a very sweet, funny, energetic lady and I would recommend taking her class!,5.0,2.0
Once again, she proves to be my favorite prof! Such an interesting class, she is a great professor and loves gender related topics. I learned a lot and would take it again if I could!,4.5,3.0
Dr. Pierce was a great professor, it was clear that she cared about the material she taught and also cared about your understanding of it. She is very energetic and not a bore. Overall very pleased with her and the way she teaches. TAKE HER CLASS!!!,5.0,2.0
Dr. Pierce is a very nice professor and makes class very fun and entertaining. She grades speeches kind of tough but overall a very fun class and a very nice professor.,5.0,1.0
This was a very easy going class. Interesting topics were discussed. She is a very good professor and would recommend this class to everyone! Do not buy the book, her PowerPoint slides are enough for tests. Also tells you exactly what is on tests!,5.0,3.0
Professor Pierce is a wonderful professor. She's fun and energetic and loves communication. She cares if you understand the material and will help you in any way she can. Her assignments and tests are pretty easy. If you need a COMM class, take her!!!,5.0,2.0
Great class! Dr. Pierce is such a bubbly little woman. Really nice and really helpful. Buy her McDonald's Sweet tea, and she'll purr like a kitten!,4.0,4.0
Amy is very helpful and teaches the material very well. Class for the most part is laid back. The only thing I did not like was the fact that she did grade kind of harshly. Although, when in need of help she is there for you. She also emails back very quickly which is great. She offers good advice to get a better grade. She is also VERY energetic!,4.5,2.0
Loved her class; gives extra credit opportunities and gives great feedback on speeches. If you have any questions and need to email her, she always responds in a timely fashion too.,5.0,3.0
Professor Pierce is pretty laid back and kinda hip,5.0,2.0
Amy is a wonderful professor!! I plan to take a third class with her this year. She is very energetic and really cares about your success as a student. As long as you PRACTICE your speeches and do the assignments, you will be fine. Amy can tell when you are trying and when you don't really care. You will not regret taking a class with Dr. Pierce!!,5.0,2.0
Great professor, definitely cares about what the subject. Pay attention in class and do the study guide and the tests aren't very difficult at all. One speech, one paper, and 3 exams were the class, all of which weren't that bad. I would recommend her to anyone.,4.5,2.0
Pierce is AMAZING! She was my favorite professor. As long as you go to class and practice your speeches you will do well. She will look over all your outlines for you speechs and tell you what you need to do to get a better grade. She is so nice and helpful. VERY ENERGETIC! I loved her and if i can will take her again in a heart beat!,5.0,1.0
She has so much energy in teaching and theres always interesting conversation. Shes willing to help in every way possible, if you e-mail her your speech, she'll gladly look it over. If you put it the simple effort, its an easy A.,5.0,1.0
Amy is one of the sweetest, most fun professors I've ever had! :D I loved her sense of humor and openness with the class. I definitely would recommend her and would love to have her again as a professor! She's one of the best professors at SVSU, hands down!,5.0,2.0
You give 5 speeches, she goes over in class very specifically what she's looking for in each of them. You have to work for your grade- make an honest effort and ask for help if you need it and you'll be fine. Used the book for review for midterm and final only. Overall she's a really awesome professor, the best I've had so far.,5.0,3.0
GREAT PROFESSOR! I loved Prof. Pierce. I was nervous about the speech, but she prepares you well and helps ease the tension. Grades very fairly and gives study guides for all the exams.,5.0,3.0
Professor Pierce is an amazing professor! She is always willing to help and responds to emails quickly. She gives study guides for all 3 exams, the final is NOT cummulative, which is awesome, and she also gives an outline for the case study paper and for the one and only speech. She wants students to do well. I would take her again in an instant!,5.0,3.0
At first, I hated this class and the demands of public speaking, but Prof. Pierce is an easy grader and focuses on the quality of the written outline rather than recitation. As you move through the five speeches, Prof. Pierce's powerpoints help you improve your writing. Midterm and final exams are a breeze.,4.5,2.0
Very entertaining, makes class fun - not her fault everyone wants to share a million personal stories (which can make class tiring). As long as you pay attention and follow directions, you'll do fine. Dr. Pierce is very easy to get along with and funny, and approachable outside of class. Hardly used the book, powerpoints give plenty for the exams.,4.5,4.0
She is an ok teacher, she can grade her speeches a bit strictly. She will find a few things to mark you down on for a speech, then after you fix these things, she finds a few other things to mark you down for. Impossible to get an "A" on any speech. Nobody's perfect type of attitude gets very annoying. But she is not completely horrible.,2.5,3.0
Amy is a really nice teacher. She has a very animated face, and is pretty easy to get along with. Her test suck though. There's also a journal you have to keep, and some concepts in class that are a little difficult. I have had her before, and talking in class discussions is a good idea. She'll remember you more that way. Good prof, just kinda grad,4.0,3.0
Amy was a pretty cool prof, and as long as you showed up and actually gave an effort she kinda passed you. Don't get me wrong though the portfolio that you have to make is a killer* Definitely sucks.,4.5,4.0
I have had her twice now and really wish I could take her again. The first time I had her it was hard for me to get good grades on her exams, but then I went to her for help and she was so understanding. Now I have her this semester and I have aced every one of her exams.I have never loved going to class so much!! Wish every professor was like her!,5.0,3.0
Dr. Pierce is great! She has a lot of energy and makes class fun. She usually keeps you for the full time but always gives a nice break. Not too hard of a grader, but her tests involve a lot of writing, but if you use her study guide she provides you will be just fine! I am trying get into her more of her classes! P.S. Barely any homework!,4.0,2.0
Another baby - rough semester. However, she showed that she's understanding and can accomodate to emergency situations. Take notes on the Power Point.,5.0,4.0
Just study for the exams and you will do fine. She is a pretty easy grader and a very nice person. She really understands that not all people like to speak in front of the class. She is a really good professor, i definitley take her again.,5.0,1.0
go to class, study for exams, do your journals, and most of all do your speech and outline. you also need to do one paper. a case study paper make sure its the greatest paper you have written.. most of all a great prof and yes has lots of energy,4.0,3.0
I've had her for two class, and I am trying to take her for a third, awesome professor, keeps class interesting. Good place to be.,5.0,3.0
I AM NOT BIG ON PUBLIC SPEAKING BUT SHE MAKES IT FUN AND SHE IS WILLING TO HELP YOU IF YOU NEED IT.GO TO CLASS AND YOU WILL DO FINE!!I WOULD TAKE HER AGAIN.,5.0,4.0
Very helpful, energetic teacher. Always makes class fun. She is very unclear though! You'll say your topic is great for a designated speech, then after you give it, she docks your grade way down because the topic didn't work for that speech. Very unclear and indecisive in her grading techniques!!!,3.0,2.0
AWESOME PROFESSOR. treats us like adults. very clear with speeches and what she expects. fun class. very easy to talk to. TAKE HER!!!!,5.0,3.0
She is one of the best professors at this school. Really interesting class.,5.0,3.0
All I see in this column are smiles. I will add another smile. Amy is awesome! She does absolutely care about her students. Her consideration is obvious if you talk to her for 5 seconds. She is very well spoken, and entertaining in class. I'd give her a ten if I could. Cute too!,5.0,3.0
She is soo nice! She grades the speeches kinda hard, but you get 2 very easy multiple choice exams to make up for a speech you did bad on. Gets really into her lectures...easy to understand. Just make sure you go to lecture days so you can get the info that you need about the next speech. take her!!,4.5,4.0
Amy is an awesome professor. She expects a lot but is very willing to help a student out. Grading is fair...but don't expect to get of class early.,5.0,4.0
She is an awesome Professor!! I highly recommend her!! :) She will always help you out and is very fun and energetic!,5.0,3.0
really really good teacher, just really hard for a 100 level class, learned a lot, would take her again.,4.0,4.0
Amy is an awesome speaker and will do her best to help you learn. She was my Forensics coach and she was always giving good pointers and helping out, but she never tried to be too pushy...she let you do your own thing.,5.0,3.0
Very good prof. I have her right now and i hate public speaking, but the class is very easy going and relaxing. Doesn't grade against other speeches, she grades you on effort and effect. I recommend her.,5.0,3.0
AWESOME LADY!! Lets you call her by her first name. Makes you feel comfortable and involved! Likes to hear your ideas. Will help you with your speeches a lot. She is so much fun and I wish I was a comm. major because of her! =) Taker her if you can!,5.0,2.0
Great teacher, one of my favorites! She is very nice and knowledgeable. She knows her stuff and is so much fun!,5.0,4.0
Amy's super nice and easy to talk to. She's always willing to answer any questions you might have. Her speech grading is kinda tough, but the mid term and final are really easy.,5.0,2.0
She grades way too hard. She is way too picky. Most people in this class had no idea about forensics, and yet she expects a lot. I am an all A student (or was) and I got a B in this class.,3.5,3.0
I really loved this class. Amy is a great person and an awesome teacher. She cares about her students, makes classes fun, and makes you want to do better with each assignment.,5.0,3.0
Very well organized professor. She make sure each student has a complete undestanding of all her assignments. Very easy to talk to as far as expressing opinions or new ideas. I would highly recommend any student who's a Communication major to take her!,5.0,3.0
Amy is a really great person. Her grading is tough, but she is always willing to help. I recommend her!,5.0,3.0
she is very helpful, but grading is very strict. but if you do what your told and pay attention you can do well in the cours,5.0,4.0
Amy is a very great person. I really enjoy the class discussions. She is a tough grader. If you like getting out of class early do not take her. You are there right until you are suppose to be.,4.0,4.0
Awesome Teacher!,5.0,3.0
She is a great teacher. Very willing to help her students. She makes the class fun and really makes her students feel comfortable. I really recommend her to anyone.,5.0,1.0
She is SO dedicated to what she does. She is always there to help. It shows that she cares for her students very much. She even makes class fun while we learn. I highly recommend Dr. Pierce to everyone.,4.5,3.0
GREAT prof! Totally approachable and very helpful. My favorite class and prof at SVSU.,5.0,3.0
Great professor, quick wit, intelligent, interesting and approachable. Willing to go above and beyond for her students.,5.0,3.0
She has been the best prof at SVSU! I loved the class and learned so much!,5.0,3.0
HUBBA HUBBA!!! WOW! Wish every teacher was this hot! Dyno-mite!,3.5,4.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
Hard class, but very fun. She's such a sweetheart.,5.0,3.0
Awesome teacher, difficult but I learned a ton!,5.0,3.0
such an adorable person, knows her stuff, fair, very cool,5.0,2.0
Total knock out in and out of the classroom,5.0,3.0
This class is easy but can take a lot of time. I found myself just doing a week's worth of assignments in one day just to be done for the week and it only took about 5 hours total. I would recommend doing this the day the assignments are available so they are done and harder classes can be focused on.,5.0,2.0
All of the 60 or so assignments are senseless busy work for the sake of busy work. I have intentionally put in extremely low effort submissions and they were graded the same as high effort ones - as long as they met the word count. Absolutely avoid the online class if you enjoy learning the material and not just filling word counts.,2.0,4.0
This professor was great, if given the chance I will take him again. This was an online class so we were given a lot of reading/homework but as long as you can manage your time you will do just fine. He also answered emails very quickly/always gave clear instructions and if they were not clear he would give you credit anyways due to his mistake.,5.0,1.0
Every aspect of Professor Lane's teaching style is asinine. He does not give feedback, the directions of his assignments are typo-filled and headache-inducing, and all assignments have an air of condescension and absolute pettiness that makes them a major chore to get through. I would recommend taking any other professor for this gen ed category.,1.0,4.0
3+ assignments each week, a quiz which was just easy stuff straight out of the book, a video/movie to answer questions on, and a "prompt". Then when it came to the 4 "papers" which were just a bunch of questions, all he cared about was that you answered all the questions and you met the required word count, no other feedback besides word count,2.0,2.0
Workload is huge so if you're taking more than 4 classes he's not the prof for you. Papers are easy but end up being 15+ pages long. Super liberal class which is something to take into consideration. You'll do a ton of reading for even the shortest assignments. Very nice professor and easy class if you're able to commit a lot of time,4.0,2.0
I had Dr. Lane online and it's not necessarily a difficult class, its just a lot of work. There's a prompt, film analysis, and quiz (answers straight out of the book) every week and 4 long papers throughout the semester. I didn't listen to a single lecture video and I was fine. Meeting the minimum word counts is all he seems to care about.,2.0,2.0
The professor seems like a nice enough guy, but the public discussions are really politically divisive and seem to be trying to indoctrinate students. Workload is ridiculous for the average student taking multiple classes. Two big papers a week, a tedious quiz, and four papers on top of that, even during finals week. Do not recommend.,1.0,4.0
This class was extremely easy. As long as you do the work on time and follow the instructions you will get an A. Professor Lane is not my favorite professor, but he is not a bad professor by any means. His quizzes are super easy, the questions and answers come right out of the textbook.,4.0,3.0
Class was very easy. Do the discussions, film analyses, and quizzes, and it takes less than 2 hours a week for class. You have to do four papers in the course that are a little time consuming, but it is an easy A to help your GPA.,4.0,2.0
Super liberal class so if you're conservative it may be frustrating at times, but grades based off of 4 big papers, a film analysis, and a 5 question prompt each week. If you do the work, and on time, you'll pass with 100% no problem. There is a quiz each week that is taken straight from the textbooks vocab so you definitely need the book. Easy A.,5.0,1.0
weekly prompts and videos, 4 long papers. If you do the work, you get an A. But it is a lot of work. Dr. Lane gives clear instructions and always emails back within a few hours. GET THE BOOK. You'll use it for every quiz and assignment. If you can get used to the work load, this class is fine.,4.0,4.0
If you have a hard time with doing things early, steer clear of this class. Papers take almost an entire day to do, he also locks prompts around 2 days after. Make sure to check for quizzes or else all the blame will be put on your ability to check. If you want to stand up for your grade, be prepared to get a little rude.,1.0,4.0
I took this as an online class and it was horrible. Each week there is a PowerPoint to watch and two assignments that have about 4-5 questions each with a word count pertaining to the hour video and 5 articles you have to read. Then you have a total of 4 papers which take forever to do. Everythings about this class I dread and recommend not taking,1.0,5.0
This class is extremely difficult for those who do not do assignments early. Beware of the papers in here too, things like word count, grammar, and overall quality really matter. Try not to turn things in late because the 25% penalty really starts to pile up. I strongly dislike this class and I will never take any sections from him again.,2.0,4.0
I took this course for the Winter 2021 semester and this was online. His expectation for the amount of work done in a week is absolutely absurd. Every week essentially two 3pg papers are due, some weeks an actual paper is due on top of that, that is about 6pg . content is too dry to meet the word count requirements too. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!,1.0,4.0
This guy was awesome! He is very engaging during class and just overall everything you're gonna want from a professor. He has reasonable extra credit opportunities. Don't be late. 65% between five papers, varied points; 20% between 12 prompts; 15% between 12 quizzes. Two tries on quizzes, not much late work acceptance, but PLENTY of time to do it.,5.0,2.0
He is a great teacher, his lectures are so good but if you don't show up to class and don't a few homework assignments a week then you will fail,5.0,1.0
The class itself is super, super simple. He really just gives busy work. He is not every understanding or compassionate, likes things his way, and everything has to be done exactly how he wants it. Lectures arent bad, just super, super boring. If youre looking for an easy A, hes probably your guy, however, if you want to learn, avoid.,2.0,2.0
This class is super easy as long as you put in the work! Professor Lane adds in a little bit of humor and he's a sweet man. Does NOT like technology in his class (cell phones and computers). We have weekly quizzes and prompts which are quite easy! Attendance is a MUST if you miss more than 4 days your grade is automatically a B.,3.0,2.0
Semester is just about finished but Dr. Lane has been a saint. He has clear expectations and as long as you put in the effort, you will do just fine! You need the textbook but not much reading. 5 papers, 3 of them are long but he overestimates how long it will take a bit. Weekly quizzes and prompts: quizzes take 5 minutes, prompts take an hour.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Lane was a really good professor despite the early ending of winter classes. All of his homework is online which is just quizzes, prompts, and five papers but they are not hard whatsoever. Just make sure you have time to do the assignments, and its an easy A.,4.0,4.0
Dr. Lane is one of my favorites. I love the movies he shows in class, and they always relate to what we're learning. The lectures are very dull but he manages to make them funny and interesting. WORK ON THE PAPERS IN ADVANCE. Leave yourself enough time. The discussions and quizzes are tedious but easy. An easy A and an interesting class.,5.0,2.0
Watch a movie every other class, other days are lectures for the entire time. Lectures are very VERY boring, and little to none class discussion. Need the book for assignments and 5 minute quiz every Thursday (short), I recommend buying the online version. This class is basically all online, super easy homework just takes a long time (the papers).,3.0,2.0
Dr. Lane was super nice and is a professor who wants to see his students succeed! Most work in the class is done online and not actually in class but attendance was mandatory. I thought the in class aspect was somewhat pointless but it wasnt unbearable and Dr. Lane tries to keep it interesting. Do the prompts and papers and the class is an easy A.,5.0,3.0
Professor Lane is an inspiring teacher who tries very hard to stay neutral in the political spectrum and not insult certain viewpoints. His class material is almost entirely online, but attendance is mandatory, and it will begin to hurt your grade if you skip class. Articles will be read en force, but textbook is used lightly (though needed).,5.0,1.0
One of the worst professors I have ever had. Gives you a lot of busy work that does not pertain to the subject material. All of the homework is online and lectures are seriously pointless, but he is adamant about attendance so you have to show up. It's an easy A, but you can't use your phone or laptop in class so you're forced to watch movies.,1.0,2.0
All of his classes are structured the exact same; discussion prompt & quiz every week with 5 larger writing assignments that he deems 'papers' but really are fill in the box responses to a question. His classes are horrifically boring and if you skip more than 3 you drop a letter grade. Very easy class just sort of annoying work.,3.0,1.0
Dr. Lane was a pretty good professor. He adds humor to his lectures so its not totally boring. All of the homework is online. Prompts and quizzes every week. Impossible to fail unless you dont do them. Papers are horrifically long, even though its a fill in the box question. Takes a looong time to complete, dont procrastinate.,4.0,4.0
Really great person. Youll love him and his lectures. Class is an easy A as long as you do the papers, prompts, and quizzes which are all online and out of class. But be aware these all will seem like busy work. But besides that Id take him again.,5.0,2.0
There are no exams, but there are 5 papers that are more like long worksheets because he writes questions on them and we fill them in. Every week there is a prompt and quiz due, both are easy and almost impossible to fail. His lectures can get long but they can be interesting. He is kind, doesn't teach you what to believe, and the workload is light,4.0,2.0
Dr. Lane is one of the best professors at SVSU. He understands that tests aren't always the best way to test students, therefore you have 5 papers that are basically your "tests" in his class. If you show up to class, you'll receive an A. He is very understanding and will help you if you need help.,5.0,1.0
Very easy class Just follow directions and you will pass. DO NOT miss a paper or else you will not get and A in the class. His papers are 65% of your grade Lectures are pointless because they have nothing to do with the papers or the quizzes/ homework All quizzes online very easy because he tells you where to find everything Homework super easy,4.0,2.0
This class is all papers, quizes and discussions. I only spent a couple hours a week on all of the work. Easiest class in my 3 years at svsu. Only have to show up to class because he has an attendance policy. More than 3 and your letter grade will go down. Only used the book for quizes. Expect a 100% in this class!! No joke!!,4.0,1.0
Very strict on the way he grades. No nudging him.,3.0,4.0
Best professor I have ever had. Very understanding and will help you if you ask.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Lane was one of the best professors I have ever had! You have to do a quiz every week which is online and he gives you all the materials for it. You also have to do a discussion prompt which is easy, and 5 papers which you cant start the night before. He likes to make jokes and connect politics to real life experiences! I would take him again!,5.0,3.0
Great professor, very funny and helpfull. Responds to emails quickly and gives great feedback on papers. NO EXAMS!!! each week you do a quiz and a quick prompt. Gives 2-3 weeks to work on the papers.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Lane is a great professor if you are looking for a gen ed requirement, however, if you are a political science major or a fast learner I would not recommend. The class moves super slow. Also, he likes to go on random rants about stuff that has nothing to do with political science. His papers are more like worksheets too.,2.0,1.0
Dr. Lane is amazing professor. He is accessible when there are questions about the homework or quizzes. He would like for you to be in class, but understands if you cannot be there.,4.0,2.0
Robert Lane is one of the best professors at Saginaw Valley that I have taken so far. People who complain about this class have never taken a class that is actually difficult, so dont listen. Lectures can be boring, but they are short. Weekly online quizzes and prompts, and 3 big papers due throughout the semester, extra credit for early submissio,5.0,2.0
HIS LECTURES WERE BORING AND HE SHOWS A LOT OF MOVIES. BE PREPARED TO WRITE AT THE LEAST 1 PAPER A WEEK AND HAVE A QUIZ, ABOUT EVERY THREE WEEKS HE HAS A MASSIVE PAPER DUE ONLINE. THERE WAS NO FINAL.,3.0,2.0
This is a "self-learning" class. Open note quizzes, a lot of online discussion boards, and papers every 2-3 weeks. Easy A, no exams or super hard assignments.,3.0,2.0
very boring lectures. no exams, all quizzes are online open book. many writing assignments that are short and easy. lots of extra credit, if you want an easy A take him. honestly, no reason why anyone should not receive an A in this class.,5.0,2.0
There were a total of 5 papers given. The class was not that bad. He gave me the wrong grade on two assignments. One assignment was off by ten points. Check your grade & make sure you turn in everything on time. If an extension is offered stick with orginal date. He likes to change his mind a lot. He doesnt care if it affects your grade.,2.0,3.0
I had this professor last semester. The lectures are engaging and you can tell that he wants you to succeed. There are no exams in the semester. As long as you come to class, do the homework on time, and participate you'll get an A. I would highly recommend him.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Lane is a really sweet guy and is always willing to help. The only compliant I have is that the lectures have nothing to do with the homework/assignments. I often dread going to class and was often very bored. Definitely an easy A if you do the work.,3.0,2.0
Lane is a really good teacher I defiantly recommend him for a government class. I learned a lot. He is very relatable and engages the class very well. Although the class is very very repetitive, such as the homework and papers, they're very easy assignments.,4.0,2.0
Awesome professor, He's very smart and is very interesting. Even for his age, he's pretty darn funny. He makes lectures interesting, just don't get caught texting. Shows movies every other class, and there are NO tests or exams. Gives the easiest quizzes EVER taken, but the papers are long. Give yourself time to do the papers. TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN!!,4.5,1.0
A great professor! His lectures are really interesting and he cares for students. Showing up to class is mandatory, but it's an easy A if you go!,5.0,2.0
If you show up to class and do the assignments there is no reason that you should not be able to get a good grade. Class is mandatory but the lectures are interesting. There are no exams, just weekly online quizzes that you can use your book for.,5.0,1.0
Great teacher. Shows a lot of videos. Quizzes are super easy.,4.5,3.0
This class was kind of easy. The five papers that were assigned did require a lot of time. He did allow others to send him prompts by email. when i did it i received half credit and others received full credit. I mentioned this to him and he said that he said he had stopped giving full credit for prompts sent by email.,3.0,3.0
Dr. Lane is a great professor, he is nice and funny BUT he makes class mandatory in order to pass, even though the lectures have nothing to do with your assignments. Everything he grades you on, is online and straight out of the books. Majority of the papers are opinion based but still grades hard,4.0,4.0
Dr. Lane teaches in a way everyone learns. Also there are no tests or exams, only quizzes online which you can use your book! Would take him for every class if I could!,5.0,1.0
Everything for the class is online, tests, discussions, and papers. However, you must attend class to pass. Lectures feel pointless because everything online is straight from the book.,4.0,1.0
I wish i could take this class again. Dr. Lane is an outstanding person and his class reflects this. I only took him for a gened class i needed but he ended up being my favorite teacher.,5.0,1.0
Dr. Lane is an amazing professor and if you take the time to get to know him it really pays off both in the grading and networking sense. I had him for 3 classes and loved each of them, regardless if it was always a 7:00-10:00pm class I never missed and always participated.,5.0,3.0
I loved this class so much. Professor Lane was by far, my favorite professor. He is very helpful, and he makes his class very interesting. This class is an easy A. However, the LEC seemed so long. I would recommend Lane!,4.5,1.0
Mr. Lane is a VERY funny guy which makes his lectures very funny. In class all we do is listen to lectures then watch a video. THe lectures are pretty long but there are no test which was very nice. There are some very lengthy assignments but he gives you weeks to complete them.,3.5,3.0
This professor was very good. Every class you basically just watched videos and movies and listened to him talk, which wasn't as boring as it sounds. All the work that is graded is done outside of class. Test center, group discussions, and papers was all we were graded on.,4.5,2.0
Professor Lane is one of the best teachers i have ever had. His lectures keep you engaged and listening, he also has very good material and is very organized. He made it hard NOT to get a good grade. As long as you did your work, it was easy to get an A! & he is also very funny !,5.0,1.0
Not easy. I spent an extensive amount of time on the papers- more time than any other class this semester. Each paper takes about 15-20 hrs total to complete. I'd rather have tests. I only missed class twice and he asked me to consider "dropping" the class.,2.5,4.0
Dr. Lane was an excellent professor! He is so nice, and so passionate about his career. He is the most helpful professor I have ever had at SVSU. No tests, 4 papers. Follow the guidelines and you'll get an A on the papers. A movie a week, so only one day of lecture a week. Totally do-able. Take him!!,5.0,1.0
Professor Lane is a great professor. If you follow the syllabus, you will get an A. 3 papers that he gives you 3 weeks to do and all answers come from your book. Attendance is mandatory, but you are allowed up to 1.5 absences. Movies related to material are shown every class. No extra credit. Extremely helpful with questions.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Lane's class is extremely easy. He shows a movie a week, and there are not any tests. The best thing about him are his papers. As long as you follow his rules, he will give you an A on the paper (I don't think he even reads them!),4.5,1.0
Easy A! great prof very friendly loves to talk not just lecture wise but one on one. VERY passionate about what he teaches and makes it ineresting/clear to learn. only 3 papers, which are time consuming, but easy A for just turning it in. Definitely making sure I take him for as many of my PS classes as I can. &OH lots of films every week(:,5.0,1.0
Dr. Lane is by far the best professor i have had at SVSU so far. loves to teach and help you if you need it. the comment below mine was a kid in my class and he thought he was right about everything and Dr Lane simply told him in one instance he was incorrect. the kid walked out of class all upset Dr Lane didnt even embarrass him. 5 star professor!,5.0,2.0
This class is very easy you do the papers with a honest amount f effort and follow the directions it will be an easy A. He loves his job and he always comes to class prepared with a movie. You will learn a lot about politics. Tends to stop in mid sentence but all around an awesome professor if you have a chance take him. You will not regret it.,5.0,1.0
He is a very good teacher. He is very fast to email back and loves teaching. You need to attend all of his classes or will get marked down. He is understanding and if do your work will recive an A. Take him, you wont be disappointed.,5.0,3.0
great teacher would reccommend, funny helpful and easy for PS123 take home tests may take many days to complete if want a good grade but those and attendance are only grade,5.0,1.0
Such a nice guy. Hard to want to attend a 7pm class but he made it interesting with a video every class. Easy take home tests and in class assignments about your opinion, if you did them you got an A. Purchase the books, you will use them.,4.0,2.0
I had Dr. Lane for both PS123 and PS193 (College Success). I would highly recommend taking his class. He's a happy guy who loves his job. I loved the fact that he didn't give exams, just three "take home exams" that were a bunch of essay questions. Although you don't have to go to class to get a good grade, please go. He notices who skips.,5.0,1.0
He knows what he's talking about and his class is pretty easy you just have 3 take home exams which are papers. The papers are not hard all you do is answer questions and you get 3 weeks to do them each. One thing he hates is texting and sleeping in class but other than that he is a good guy. This class is an easy A if you do the work.,4.5,2.0
Dr. Lane what a professor should be. His class is enthralling, his assignments are crystal clear. He is awesome. Thats it.,5.0,1.0
A great teacher. Going to class is a must, in order to pass. No homework, just three take home papers. They are long, but are easy.,4.5,1.0
Doesnt give in class tests. While you are in class you watch a lot of movies and have some discussions. He is kind of slower when talking and stops mid sentance sometimes which drives me nuts but he is a great teacher.,4.0,1.0
Great teacher! He doesn't give tests, but instead you have to write big papers, but they are very easy and if you want his help just e-mail him your work and he'll let you know how you're doing. Grades the papers easily as well and the class is interesting. You also watch a lot of videos.,4.5,2.0
he is a very good professor. He has a sense of humor. Class was not boring to go to. Shows movies/slide shows. You can skip up to three times. No tests, just three papers. Easy A if you work on the papers, they are long, but easy. I recommend him,4.5,1.0
This guy gives you three different 30 page papers to write. Regardless that you have 4 weeks to complete them, you need to read one chapter for each question. Worst and most useless class at SVSU. USELESS!!!,1.0,5.0
Dr. Lane is a really good professor, if you have questions he answers them, he expects a lot of time and effort in his assignments, but they really are not that bad, plus he breaks things down to the simplest form for maximum retention!,5.0,1.0
Great guy, keeps a very, very structured class, sticks to the syllabus. His papers he assigns are crystal clear on what he wants, however time consuming to do, 20-25 pages, and three-four of those, but they force you to use your books which are generally interesting, and they force you to learn the subject which is good. My ideal teacher, 11/10.,5.0,2.0
Great Teacher!! Exams are take home papers and he tells you exactly what he wants and you just write your opinion. I highly recommend taking him!!,5.0,1.0
He is absolutely one of the best professors I have ever had. He makes learning American Constitutional Law quitei interesting. He provides many examples and he also greatly values the input of the students. The tests are take home exams and you have like 2 or 3 weeks to do them. Pay attention and you will do fine in the class.,5.0,1.0
Pretty easy. Just so up an pay attention to the lecture/film and you should do pretty well. Grade is just class notes assignment (10 pts.) and 3 take-home exams (130 pts. each). As long as you follow the directions you should have no problem, and you get 3 weeks to do each exam.,4.5,2.0
3 major writing assignments, really long papers, but plenty of time to complete. Just follow the directions in the packet. not hard.,3.0,2.0
unclear about everything and boring to the max,1.5,5.0
Best professor I have ever had. The material was difficult but he forced me to learn alot and to critically think and is not that what college is for?,5.0,4.0
Dr. Lane is a great guy and very interesting to listen to. His class is extremely easy. He shows a film every class, but the films don't always correspond with his lectures, which is annoying. He doesnt really "teach" you the subject that much but mostly discusses current events. He's okay, but I wouldnt take him again.,4.0,2.0
Dr. Lane is AWESOME! Take him any whenever you can. Lectures are interesting, and exams are all take home. He's very friendly, and seems to really enjoy molding our minds. This was my second time taking him, and I will definitely take him a third time around!,5.0,1.0
Great PS teacher, really cares about your work. Tests are all take home, but long. I would take him if possible, however, great teacher...take him!!,5.0,1.0
Dr. Lane is easy, but not in a lazy way. He is easy because you can do well if you simply think about the topic at hand. The take-home tests are long and essay-style, so start them early. He's energetic and excited about the material, which makes going to class better.,5.0,1.0
Good Professor!! Knows how to explain the material...He gets into it too!! I would definitely recommend you to take him because he is easy and the class is very easy..,5.0,1.0
Pretty easy, you watch alot of films. Only take home exams are basically the only thing you have to do. Just make sure you start the exams more than 1 day before they are due.,5.0,1.0
Very entertaining instructor. No vultures allowed in the classroom. Loves talking about Nixon and his dad. Extremely enthusiatic about Constitutional Law and wants to see his students succeed in the classroom. Very handsome guy.,5.0,1.0
Simply AMAZING! Greatest teacher at SVSU! His lectures are educational and interesting, never missed a day. All take home exams that are time consuming but simple. I HIGHLY recommend you take him if he's available! And very willing to help any student.,5.0,2.0
Great teacher, exams require a lot of reading but not overwhelming by any stretch of the imagination.,5.0,3.0
All take home exams which aren't a challenge and you actually learn from them. Dr. Lane is an awesome guy. Will take him again ASAP. You enjoy attending his class. Take as many times as possible.,5.0,1.0
Awesome teacher! Even though he's pretty liberal at times he takes the time during every discussion to discuss all sides to the issue. Not preachy at all. Even though it ticks him off to say it... the class is extremely easy. But that's a good thing because it encourages one to do research on ones own and learn at their own pace. Great instructor!,5.0,1.0
Only 3 take home exams, and questions on blackboard. Easy, easy, easy. Doesn't make you talk if you don't want to. Willing to help. A great teacher!,5.0,1.0
Amazing class. Easiest I have ever taken. My high school physical education class was harder. Always willing to help.,5.0,1.0
It was a great class. I learned alot without stressing to much. All of his exams are take-home exams. He's an easy grader and fair. Recommend him to everyone.,4.5,1.0
Intellectually challenging, but not a struggle. Dr. Lane gives take home tests. You don't have to be right, you just have to be thorough and honest. The class is good even if you don't know politics well, as long as you're willing to work. His lectures are engaging and every film he shows is relevent and interesting. The class is busy, but fun!,5.0,2.0
very easy,5.0,1.0
very easy and easy to understand. take his class,5.0,1.0
Great guy, but his class seemed like a really cool highschool class and not college level work.,5.0,1.0
professor lane is a great intstructor and everything is very easy to understand.,4.5,2.0
Dr. Lane is great! Easy class and he was super clear with everything he wanted.,5.0,1.0
Awesome class! I was not at all interested in taking this class (not into politics), but I ended up enjoying it. The three take home exams seem to be long, but are actually very easy, as long as you put some effort in. Watching a movie every week helps too. Easy-going attendance policy and puts notes on blackboard. Highly recommend!,5.0,1.0
very very easy, and actually interesting, even to politics-haters like myself. grade is based on two easy take home exams and cute stories during class keeps you awake. i love his teaching style!,5.0,1.0
I heart Dr. Lane! He is such a good guy and knows what he is talking about. He teaches the class so it's interesting and the work is simple if you pay attention and try. He makes class fun and we watch a lot of movies which are educational, not just to blow off time. I enjoyed his class and plan on taking him in the future!,5.0,1.0
Took a lot of classes with Dr. Lane, He's a really great guy to take your first year or two. He's liberal, sometimes annoyingly so. If you are a gun-toting conservative you will have to put up with a staunch opposing view. He cares a lot about his students though, and is willing to help if you ever need it, even IF you disagree with him, which I did more often than not. Class sometimes was boring because it was too easy.,4.5,1.0
JEFF GOLDBLOOM!!! He looks just like him! He's a great teacher and super easy!!! Easy points and take home exams!!! You watch lots of movies too!! The only bad thing is he has a studdering problem so sometimes he gets stuck right at an important part of a lecture.... overall I say take this class!!!!,4.0,1.0
I took all of his classes and he was my mentor he was the most awesome professor you could wish for TAKE HIS CLASSES! i guarantee you will love him.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Lane makes American Constitutional Law fun and interesting! This class isnt the easiest class, but it isnt hard if you put forth the effort. Everyone I know in class got an A or a B+.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Lane is absolutely the best thing since sliced bread. He presents all material in a way that relates to everyday life. His assignments are fair and as long as you are logical, you can't fail his class. He is very well-tempered, funny, brilliant, and knows his material.,5.0,2.0
Ok, so his lectures can be a bit boring, but the class was not hard, though not a blow-off either. Work is required, but nothing unreasonable. There are two take-home exams, a paper, and every week there are discusion points on blackboard. A really fun prof!,5.0,1.0
Dr. Lane was a wonderful professor. He makes class interesting and treats students with respect. He is patient and pleasant to be around. He doesn't have tests, but papers which you would have to be stupid not to receive a substantial grade.,5.0,2.0
I had this class last semester, and I miss it! It was very interesting and did I mention there were NO EXAMS!!! wonderful! You had 2 write 3 papers, thats all. As a Freshman, I was relieved to have him. I advise anyone to take him, he's the best!,5.0,1.0
Bob is a great guy! He is one of the best professors at SVSU. I took him twice as a freshman. I'm a senior now and wish I could take him again. His lectures were long, but interesting. Mostly cuz he is interested as well. Bob would you be my Dad?,5.0,4.0
Great Prof.! Dr. Lane is by far my favorite instructor at this university. He is easy going and ALWAYS willing to help. I absolutly cannot think of one bad thing to say about him. If you haven't taken one of his courses already, take one!,5.0,1.0
Loved it so much the first time, I took his class again.,5.0,1.0
Very fun class. Easy. He made class interesting. Videos atleast once a week. Not a lot of work either.,5.0,1.0
he is a great professor. Easy class there are NO EXAMS just 3 papers and some discussion questions. I realy didn't have to study. The papers are a breeze as long as you follow directions. I recommend taking his class.,4.5,2.0
Dr. Lane is one of those teachers that don't make you do a lot of reading, or writing, or really anything. This class is made great because it gets you thinking about the world, and about your own life. He would be great as a career counselor - he steered me towards teaching.,5.0,1.0
Nice, NO IN CLASS TESTS,4.0,2.0
Professor Lane is an awesome teacher. He makes learning fun and he is not afraid to tell it like it is. He explains things very cleary. I would take his class again and I would recommend it to anyone.,4.5,2.0
Best teacher alive he is so COOL and tells it like it is he makes learning fun,5.0,1.0
This is one of the easiest classes I have taken. The material is very easy to understand. There are NO exams! 3 papers you have to do and discussion points (online questions) you have to do every week which are very easy, you just have to think a little. Great Prof! I would take him again!,5.0,1.0
Great prof! I hate PS but loved his class b/c it was actually interesting and it wasn't hard to understand with his way of teaching. I'd definitely recommend him!,5.0,1.0
He uses a lot of examples from his life to teach. Shows videos that help teach the material and is willing to answer any question. No matter how abrupt it may seem. He has a great sense of humor and is very understandable,5.0,1.0
absolutely love his classes. interesting, easy and he makes class fun.,5.0,1.0
Dr. Lane is the BEST TEACHER you will ever have. Take every class he teaches, you will learn so much.,5.0,3.0
Great teacher. Applies real life situations to the lectures so you can get a better understanding. Has a good sense of humor. 3 papers which aren't papers more of a take home exam. Get plenty of time to work on them. Take him!!,5.0,2.0
Hands down one of the top professors on campus if not the best. Applies his own living experiences to class discussion, tries his best to make it interesting. You can miss a couple of classes and pick right up. Paper assignments take work but arent that difficult. Dont get out early though!!!,5.0,2.0
HE IS THE GREATEST! TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN! HE TEACHES YOU SOOO MUCH THE BEST TEACHER AT SVSU! HE IS THE KIND OF TEACHERS SVSU NEEDS TO CON'T HIRING. THE KIND THAT TEACH YOU WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW HE IS DEFINETLY WORTH THE BIG BUCKS WE PAY TO GO THERE!,5.0,1.0
Best professor ive ever had.,5.0,2.0
Hes a great teacher! I would definitely recommend him for any poli sci/CJ class!,5.0,1.0
Great teacher. Loves teaching. Very clear in presentations and uses analogies to emphasize points. Papers are straight forward. Would definitely recommend him.,5.0,3.0
Great teacher. It was easy for him to get us laughing. Course work was clearly defined. Very approachable.,5.0,2.0
If you don't know how to use Blackboard, LEARN! the assignments are very easy and thought provoking.,4.5,1.0
GREAT GUY!!! Very easy and he knows his stuff. He makes it so simple a monkey could even understand it. Watched movies every other day. Just all around great class and a great guy.,5.0,1.0
I liked this class because there weren't tests. You have no idea how hard it is to enjoy class discussions without worrying about whether or not the topic will be on the test. Also, movies everyday in class!!!,5.0,1.0
I thought Dr.Lane was a great professor. His class was pretty easy and I was able to talk to him like a normal person without being intimidated. Good class just do the work and show up on time!,4.0,2.0
Hes not as liberal as the last guy made him out to be. Lane speaks is very open minded, and has well thought out group discussions. Take him if ya can,5.0,1.0
Easy tests or papers as he calls them. Only problem very liberal. If you are conservative you will pull your hair out in frustration that young minds have to listen to it and think it's the truth.,5.0,1.0
Very Easy! The papers are time-consuming, but extremely easy!,5.0,1.0
He's easy. Sure. But insanely liberal. If you are conservatively minded, you better be able to control yourself. He tries to present both points, but on some issues he can't do it effectively. He is a GREAT teacher for your first poli sci class.,3.5,1.0
TAKE HIM, HE'S EASY!!!,5.0,1.0
Great guy!! He knows his material and is always willing to help! Class is boring but so easy. Good nap time. Take him if you can!,5.0,1.0
Very good teacher, knows his material. He is always willing to help,5.0,3.0
Dr. Lane is the coolest teacher i have had at SVSU. His lessons are easy to follow, very funny. He really makes sure you understand the lesson, and makes it fun to learn. I highly reccomend taking any of his classes!,5.0,2.0
Pure teacher. His class is very intersting and well done.,4.0,1.0
Great person. Genuine and helpful. Fun to listen to speak. He taught me alot just be giving examples. Not hard to pass, but take home exams take a long time.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Lane is an excellent prof! he's so easy. make sure you start your exams as soon as he gives them to you. don't wait last minute, it gets stressful. highly recommended!!!!!,5.0,1.0
Very organized! Gives great up to date examples, even a few with his daughter, hehe. His exams are time consuming, but you learn alot, it's not like your average take home exam. Be present in class, take notes and your gauranteed an A. Great Guy!,5.0,2.0
So far he is a good guy. Come to class and put your best foot forward and I don't see how it wont be a good learning expirence. my standpoint so far is good :),4.0,2.0
This guy is awsome he makes it easy to follow the material. This guy has the class set on a pace that only a **** could fail. I recieved all A in his classes and have taken him for now everything he teachs at SVSU.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Great teacher all around helps you when u need help definetly a balla,5.0,3.0
He is the man,5.0,1.0
The best class to take at SVSU! Go to class, take notes. Papers are right off the notes. There's no way you can fail!,5.0,1.0
Great Teacher, best ever,5.0,1.0
Very easy, takes attendance regualarly, Great teacher overall!! Easy A...,5.0,1.0
Great teacher. Take notes in class and you will be able to do the tests easily, not too mention they are take home tests anyways.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Lane is a great teacher. The assignments are very time consuming, but straightforward. If you do your work and attend class you'll get a good grade and a solid educational experience.,5.0,1.0
Great teacher!!!,5.0,2.0
I learned a lot from him! Definetly take him!,5.0,1.0
easy papers (class average is usually around 90%) takes attendence; LOVE HIM!,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.5,1.0
great prof, easy exams, very smart,5.0,1.0
Easy class where you learn a lot! Good liberal democrat too,4.5,2.0
Dr. Lane was one of my first and best teachers!,5.0,1.0
This is the man when it comes to law! Highly recommended!,5.0,2.0
EXCELLENT!! HE IS THE BEST TEACHER HERE,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Great Teacher! Convinced me to change my minor to a major!,4.5,2.0
Dr. Lane was very helpful and fair.,5.0,2.0
definetly take him,4.0,2.0
If I would have had Dr. Lane before I was a senior, I would have changed majors.,5.0,1.0
I will be honest, this was no easy class. Dr. Erickson expects you to help work for the plays for 3 hours and then you have to pay to watch it. He also had a big group project and the tests are very difficult. You have to put in work and study. He is a great guy and makes the class less boring, but if you are a commuter, this will be hard.,4.0,4.0
Class wasn't horrible, but I would by no means say that it was great.,2.0,2.0
Dr. E is a really funny and genuinely nice guy! He is by far one of my favorite profs at SVSU. Class is usually notes off the powerpoint and it gets a little boring and redundant. The final creative project is fun if you make it that way and try. I would definitely take him again. Theater majors would love him.,4.0,3.0
Gave us a "study guide" for the mid-term, and NONE of what was on the study guide was on the exam. Was the hardest exam I have EVER taken. Goes too fast, gets off subject very easily.,1.5,4.0
Relatively tough class, but fun and fair. Dr. E is pretty awesome.,4.5,2.0
Homeboy was super silly. performances were the best part if youre into that kind of thing. 3 quizzes that were easy for the most part. no powerpoints or notes to copy, just pay attention during class. analysis papers were a cakewalk, just answer all the questins and its a hundo percent no doubt. this class can be a blast if you want it to be!,4.5,1.0
I had Erickson for Theater History, and it was potentially one of my favorite classes. I just needed a 300 level class and had some interest in Theater, his teaching structure is quite easy to follow and the outside of classroom work isn't bad at all! Great PROF! Wish he was teaching more classes I needed.,5.0,3.0
I loved this class, the most rewarding part was finals week working with the camps. Dr. E is fantastic, I would recommend him for any class!!!,5.0,2.0
I'm a Comm. major who needed a theatre credit and a friend recommended Dr. Erickson. I hated the assignments, but it wasn't the end of the world, and Dr. E is a really great guy. I would recommend him, even if you're shy.,4.0,2.0
this class is really great...if you're a theater major. the final group project is a joke. it doesn't really matter how hard you work because every one gets the same grade. pretty much everyone in the class got a 90, even the ones that were bad. not mentioned, he doesn't teach you anything about acting but will grade you down if your acting is bad.,3.0,2.0
Dr. E is one of the coolest professors i had at SVSU. he is funny, easygoing, and very understanding. he is also an easy grader and the assignments don't take very long to do relative to what they are worth,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Real good professor, easy assignments. Don't bother buying the book, the exams are from his lectures. Otherwise cool guy, easygoing, kept class light and fun. Often bursts into random movie/play characters.,5.0,1.0
great guy very understanding about group projects made the class fun and i learned alot about theatre highly recommend him to anyone who wants to have fun in a class..keep doing what u do Dr. E!!!!,5.0,2.0
Dr.E was so awesome. He's always nice and sweet. He seemes to be interested in what he's teaching. Odd at times, yet very entertaining. You go Dr.E!,4.5,2.0
Nice man. Good professor. The kind of guy you could sit down and have a beer with....in fact I have! Bet you'll never guess in a million zillion years. You rule Dr.mr E!!,5.0,2.0
Dr. Mr. E is just an awesome guy! He makes everything fun to do. I enjoyed going to his classes. He's very willing to meet on a one on one basis if needed. Almost too approachable! Keep it up Steve! We Love you man!!,5.0,3.0
AWESOME man, that Dr. E! He's funny, smart, and very educated in Theatre. He is a good person. Loved the class.,5.0,2.0
you do learn alot in this class. but he goes to fast for note taking. you have to ask him to repeat. lots of plays & chapters to read. he does group projects. hate them. you miss class you lose points. class is lad out for you, points and al. she should be the chair of the department not janet,4.0,5.0
Very patient. Great guy.,5.0,2.0
Fun class, he explained things very well and shed some light on interpretation. The performances were fun and interesting, and he encouraged us to be expressive. He is also and awesome guy to have a chat with.,4.5,3.0
I really like this professor, but he grades too hard. His test are very unclear. Not sure what to focus on on tests-even when he clarifys what to study, tests are still too difficult. Evaluates you on things not covered by him. Enthusiastic about drama,1.0,5.0
Dr. E rocks! He was my forensics coach and he is awesome at giving help with interp stuff.,5.0,3.0
He is a fun teacher, funny and laid back. Not bad looking, either. He goes a little fast and I felt lost at times, but he is always willing to help.,3.5,2.0
Demanding but a helluva great teacher, mentor, and human being. I really felt like he cared about my success in the program -- proud to have called him my Committee Chair!,5.0,4.0
Great proff. Very funny and interesting teacher. As long as you don't ask stupid questions he is pretty easy going. Learned a lot of stuff and had tons of fun.,5.0,1.0
He was an awesome professor! Just have confidence in the class room and take along snacks for him to moch off of and you'll do fine. Do some studying and actually take some time for the "projects". MOST OF ALL---HAVE FUN!,5.0,1.0
Created great classroom environment. You should study for the tests cuz they are not super easy, but not overly difficult either. It was one of my favorite classes. Take him, he's great.,5.0,2.0
Veyr interesting guy. Tests are a little challenging so study. Class is very easy. Cares for his students and no homework!! You do have to give a speech but he makes you feel comfortable when you are giving it. Take him if you can!!,5.0,2.0
Great guy. Very nice and willing to help, always answers any questions. Also quite funny.,4.5,3.0
Very unclear when it comes to assignments & journals, I was lost in the class, likes to hear his self talk, test were difficult and hard to understand it made me more lost. This was my first Comm class and my last.,2.0,4.0
Good teacher but test are not clear the message is to teach not trick when it comes to taking tests.,2.0,3.0
Good guy! Wish I could take all of my classes from him!,4.5,2.0
Wow! Great Prof!,5.0,2.0
Great Guy! Lots of fun.,3.0,3.0
This guy makes class exciting and he loves what he does and it shows,5.0,3.0
Steve is a great guy, great instructor, plays favorites a bit too much.,4.5,1.0
Very concerned for his student's well-being, oh and he's a pretty nice guy.,4.0,3.0
Terrific class. He looks like a young Spielberg!,5.0,1.0
Could be more serious about classes.,3.0,2.0
I had him as a professor many years ago and am still impressed by all he taught me. I was an accounting and computer programming student, but I still wish, all these years later, that I had changed my major to history. He made history interesting and fascinating. There were lots of technical tests, but I looked forward to every single class.,5.0,2.0
I had Dr. Renna as a freshman, in World History, as an average student. His enthusiasm, style, love for research and enthusiasm made history come alive. I became not only an honor student, but a history major because of Dr. Renna.,5.0,4.0
Clear, conscise, interesting and demanding professor. Must read texts, take clear notes and ask questions. Extra research helps. Practice essay writing before exams. Dr. Renna enriched and influenced my entire college experience.,5.0,5.0
I LOVE this professor and I am sorry I didn't take him sooner! He is tough but he is so smart ans is very willing to help his students. I have learned so much from him! I also have never had a professor more passionate about what he does. He's GREAT and I would recommend him to any history major who is willing to learn :),4.5,5.0
You must read the text book and due notes! You will not pass purely from listening in lecture I spent class reading to be honest. He likes to talk about topics sometimes that will have nothing to do with the core material but sometimes is still interesting to here about. Reading and memory are key to success in this class, give out lots of E.C,3.5,4.0
Dr. Renna expects you to do the work. If you take notes, and learn the material you will do well on the exams. OUTLINE THE CHAPTERS! Teachers like him are a rare gem and he makes history exciting. If you want to be challenged and want to learn a lot I recommend taking one of his courses. If your are lazy take someone else. YOU HAVE TO READ...,4.5,4.0
Renna is a tough teacher, but very willing to answer any questions you have at anytime. He's extremely intelligent and goes off on tangents sometimes so it's essential to read and take notes on the assigned readings.He's very enthusiastic about his work and encourages enthusiasm in his students.Do all the extra credit you can.Great teacher!,3.0,4.0
A very intelligent man, which makes his teaching lack. He knows too much and goes off an random thoughts that aren't important to the class. DO YOUR OWN NOTES AND OTHER EXTRA CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES. This class really built my study skills. Exams are nearly impossible, but he curves them all. Listen to his suggestions and you'll do great!,4.0,4.0
Great Man he is Legen-wait for it-dary,5.0,1.0
I had took almost every class Dr. Renna taught in the mid 1990s. He is an excellent professor and scholar. As long as you take notes, you will do good in his class.,5.0,1.0
The problem with Renna is that he is flat out BRILLIANT. If you are a History major or minor his class should be a requirement. Be prepared to work. Hands down the toughest class I've had @ SVSU. DO THE EXTRA CREDIT! It will mean your survival. This is not a class for those looking to nap their way to a degree.,1.5,5.0
Avoid this teacher if your life depended on it! horrible notes, no clarity, jumps around in his teaching and gives the hardest exams I have ever taken. He teaches alot about the B.C.E era and should have retired long ago.,1.0,5.0
Renna knows alot and LOVES what he is teaching about but doesn't know how to teach it. He covers the white boards in notes you can't understand. You have 3 exams each a 1/3 of your grade but lots of extra credit. READ THE BOOK AND DO THE EXTRA CREDIT and you will be fine. I for a C, D+ and a C on the exams and passed with a B+ DO THE EXTRA CREDIT!,2.0,3.0
Renna is my favorite history teacher I've EVER had! I adore him. He is so smart and knows so much! I've never gotten so much out of a history class. Yeah, you have do to a lot of reading and he goes off on random topics, but the way he teaches the matrial makes it really good. I'm dying to take Renna again. Best prof I've had.,5.0,3.0
Great guy, but not the best teacher. Very passionate about what he is teaching. Notes are very hard to read, does not post anything online. Tests are very hard, but gives extra credit. Do it! We did 3 extra credit papers. I got a C+, D+, and C+ on exams and got a B+ in the class. Only 3 grades- exams, make sure you read the text.,3.0,4.0
I LOVED his classes! And I think I only took his History classes and ended up with a History minor at SVSU! Later, whilst living in France, I even sent him a blown up copy of a painting that I saw in a French Revolution museum. Later, I even went on to Grad school and asked him for advice. He is a brillant person. True, that you have to follow,3.0,4.0
Brilliant man, not the best teacher. Work hard. :),4.0,4.0
He is such a hard professor. His lecture notes are all over the place and useless for stuying on the tests. Grades are based off of 3 huge tests that are impossible to be ready for no matter how much you study. He loves history, but he just doesn't know ow to teach it.He gives lots of extra credit,but its only worth 5% of your grade.Dont take it!!,2.0,4.0
Unless you are interested in history, I would advise another professor. If you are interested, take him, but expect a lot of reading. There is no way to do well unless you read what he tells you. He has a dry sense of humor and is probably one of the smartest people I have ever met. Just do all the extra credit, take a BUNCH of notes.,3.0,4.0
I am a history major and seasoned in prior college class that were not taken at his college. The semester isn't over yet and I'm regretting taking this professor. He is a nice guy and loves what he teaches. But his notes are useless and unreadable. He writes random things on the board and talks about something completely different.,2.0,4.0
He is a crazy teacher really hard bad hand writing but funny and a very good teaacher... he opend my eyes to a lot more things. and Every one says hes so bad so ppl expect him to be bad and dont give him a chance. He is one of the smartest guys have I ever met, and he really is not that bad at all. so dont be afraid of him,2.5,4.0
Omg. Worse professor ever!!!!! You don't know what is on the test and there is a ton of questions. I studied for weeks for his exams and still failed! :( He's kind of funny. But he's all over the place!! the only good thing is: he gives lots of extra credit.,1.5,5.0
Renna is not as bad as everyone seems to think. Yes his lectures are a little scattered, yes his handwriting is awful, but half the Profs on campus are like that. Read your books, ask the occasional question in class, and do all the extra credit. I ended up with an A, no problem.,3.5,2.0
Dr. Renna's notes on the board are a bit confusing but for those of us who are seasoned college students, it is not that difficult. There are a lot of freshmen in my class and they seem to be really lost. It is more about their inexperience in a (challenging) college course than his teaching style. Speak clearly and he will answer questions.,3.0,4.0
Very nice teacher, knows what he's talking about. Only has 3 grades all semester, the exams. Exams are really hard, but theres tons of extra credit. He even lets you make up your own questions and answer them on the exams for extra credit. Get ready to do a LOT of reading for this class. Other than that though good teacher.,3.5,3.0
Three weeks in, and I can already tell you, his class is a waste of time. He goes no where with his lectures and the notes he put on the board are very scatter brained. He CAN NOT answer a question. Ever. STAY AS FAR AWAY AS YOU CAN.,2.0,3.0
Nice guy, passion for what he teaches. 3 exams and tons of extra credit. i barely passed the test but did all extra credit, it saved my life and just may save yours. sit in the front, u'll be his favorite.,2.5,4.0
HORRIBLE..!! STAY AWAY... Very knowledgeable, but has the slightest idea as to how to teach it and the EXAMS are awful.. He just rambles on and on about a TON of things which makes it almost impossible to take notes on. No powerpoints.. Everything is written on the board in the WORST POSSIBLE HANDWRITTING.. EVER... LIKE SERIOUSLY DONT TAKE HIM..!,2.5,4.0
Yuck...that's all I can say. Really nice guy, but terrible lecturer. Lots of knowledge, but terrible at trying to transfer it. Could hardly stand this class and I'm a History Major...,2.0,5.0
oh, Dr. Renna...he tries to pass on all of his worldly travels to students as well as the text material. Lectures can be boring, but you will learn far more than you expected. Tons of extra credit opportunities! yay! and he'll help out with anything you ask of him. not too much work overall, just reading mostly.,4.5,3.0
I really do love history, and was looking forward to this class. I was especially excited to learn about Israel. That being said, I feel as if I didn't learn a thing in this class. While the professor is very nice, he is disorganized and his lectures are confusing. But he's just so gosh darn nice, you can't dislike him!,2.0,5.0
not a good teacher, hard to follow, exams are torture. his lectures have nothing to do with the exams. terrible semester.,1.5,5.0
Dr. Renna is not the teacher that will let you slack through class. But if you do the work, you will get a good grade. He rewards those who put forth effort. Read the book, take notes, and you should pass. He's a funny old man...real smart however, and tries to pass on his knowledge to his students. I would take him again.,4.5,2.0
Professor Renna is a very nice man and has his funny moments. He offers up lots of extra credit and if you do the required reading and make an effort, it's not that hard to pass. His lectures are very disorganized (prepare to learn mostly from the text) and his writing is impossible to read. I didn't enjoy the class at all.,2.5,4.0
Hard teacher to follow,1.5,5.0
Renna is awesome! If you want to learn history, he's the man. He's been everywhere and wants to share that with the students. You have to read and study for a good grade, but it's not high school, it's college. And you leave the class knowing way more than you did when you started. Pay attention, and you'll learn a ton from him!! He's great =),4.5,3.0
He is the worst teacher i've ever had!! That class is very frustrating because he jumps from one topic to the next with no warning. His note are impossible to read!! He's very boring to listen to if your going to take his night class I advise you not to if you get tired easily because it's a 3 hour class and it goes for 3 hours EVERY CLASS.,1.0,5.0
This class is pure torture. I've only been in it for two weeks but I literally leave the class in tears every time. He is IMPOSSIBLE to follow and he is all over the place with his thoughts. it is extremely difficult to comprehend what he is saying if you have no previous knowledge. he is a not a good professor.,1.5,5.0
I needed a 300 level class so I took it! During the summer, it was really hard! It's true it scribbles on the board and talks really really fast, but it always give extra credit and the questions that'll be on the exams! He really helps you too... If you don't want to study, don't take his class!,3.0,5.0
He was the worst teacher I have ever had in my life. Not only did he scribble on the board, half the time you couldn't understand what he was saying! His level of teaching is way above 100. I didnt know one person in my whole class that passed... it was horrible.,1.0,5.0
I took him for four classes and genuinely liked them. Some won't like him because he actually makes you read and wants participation discussions in classes above 100 level. He knows his stuff and will help,gives extra credit,will do fine if take notes from what he says and not just what is on the board. on tests be specific write all you can.,4.5,3.0
A horrible horrible prof. This is the worst prof at SVSU. His notes look like scribbles and the exams are your only grades. His teaching is WAY above a 100 level class. Over half my class failed. AVOID!!!,1.5,5.0
Professor Renna was great. If you are going to take him, make sure you have a love for history and for learning new things. Don't take one of his classes just for a blow off, because it's not going to work out for you.,3.5,4.0
This guy is Mr. History. He is a valuable resource to learn history from. Just let him talk, do your reading, and show up for class. Spill everything you've learned onto your exam essays and you'll be fine. A love of history helps.,3.5,4.0
He was very difficult to comprehend. There were only 3 tests and they were the only grades. He did not have notes for you to look at.,1.0,5.0
Prof. Renna is a wonderful man. Very friendly and he realy knows his facts. You need to read the book! if you read the book before class you WILL understand what he is talking about (though he can be a bit aloof sometimes) if you take notes, listen and ask questions you'll do perfectly fine. It is a very time consuming class though.,4.0,4.0
Great professor, but extremly difficult and high expaectations. I cannot stress enough to do all of the extra credit possible.,3.5,5.0
Horribel! AVOID at all costs! Worst professor at SVSU by far! He knows everything well, but is way above all the students. Tests are ridiculous and impossible. You are putting yourself in a hole with this one!,1.0,5.0
Read and review EVERYTHING.If you do you'll be fine.People are a little frightened of him but with no real reason.He expects a great deal out of his students and wants them to succeed.Willing to help after class&help you clarify course material.If you come to class with questions and SIT IN THE FRONT ROW he will be more lenient on you.DON'T BE LATE,4.0,3.0
A great, old-fashioned prof that expects you to know everything, and know it well. His grading is suspect, however - I didnt write the paper, got a B on one of the exams, and still managed an A for the course. Still, a highly rewarding course. One of the few classes youll take and afterward think "holy****, I know everything about everything now.",3.0,5.0
His writting is very hard to read on the board and sometimes its hard to keep up while taking notes. But other than that the class was enjoyable.,3.5,3.0
I love Dr. Renna. I've taken 4 of his classes and would have taken more if I had the time. He is brilliant and entertaining. You have to work hard, read everything twice, and do all the extra credit to obtain a good grade. His classes are hard core. I love Dr. Renna.,5.0,4.0
Renna really knows his stuff but I think it was hard for him to bring it down to our level. His notes are extremely hard to remember and his class caused me a ton of stress. I felt completely confused the entire class. He only has 3 tests..I recieved a D+ on the first two.. not sure about the last and still got a B-. Do extra credit and show effort,1.0,5.0
Well this class was so much work and pretty hard! I failed all of my tests but two and I passed with a C! He gives out so much extra credit. As long as you do all the extra credit you will pass! MAke ssure you do most of the notes too!,3.0,5.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! Lectures are boring and only grades you on three test and extra credit, which I recommend doing. Isn't very clear on things and takes attendence, but either way it won't help you with the class. Good luck with him!,1.0,5.0
"Kindly memorize the book by next class", and he means it! He is first rate. No one better at this university. He is hard, you must prepare yourself for his class, mentally! He really is the best professor here though. World class right at SVSU. But he is hard so people don't realize the opportunity they have with him. A+ for this professor.,5.0,5.0
People who are taking this class now listen up. I did horrible on the tests. Failed every one of them. Got D's on all of them. But he should offer plenty of extra credit, so just do the extra credit, and even if you get D's on all the tests, I guarantee you will get a C. But yes, he is horrible. I have Sociology now in the same room and it brings b,2.5,4.0
Well i'm usually lost in this class. He jumps around a whole lot and his notes arn't very clear. All he writes are names with no explanation afterwards. It's really hard to pay attention when you have no idea what's going on....,1.0,5.0
I really like him a lot. I found that he helped me beyond what most professors would and his test were super easy!! Everyone should take him! He's amazing!,5.0,1.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER!!! long boring lectures that put you to sleep. notes from board everyday that are impossible to read cuz he writes worse than chicken skratch. 3 exams worth 1/3 of your grade each. 90% of what he teaches is from his own mind and not book. tells you what to study & then that stuff is not on test. DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER!!!,1.0,5.0
his exams are extremely difficult,1.0,5.0
DO NOT TAKE IF ONLY FOR A GEN ED!!! I have had no extensive history lessons in the past relating to the romans, greeks, and carthaginians, etc.. and the way he taught didnt help! His notes make absolutely no sense that he writes on the board, they are definately all over the place. SO much work is required just to pass this class, its horrible.,2.0,5.0
Professor Renna knows his stuff. Enthusiastically lectures history. He is always willing to answer questions and tells students exactly what to expect on his exams. Attend class and you will have no problem with this class.,4.5,3.0
Oh my gosh! I hated him! I love history and was really looking forward to this class but he made it suck! He asks a million questions that aren't even relevant and thinks everyone should know all that he does. Don't take him unless you do know everything. Oh yeah, and he yells in his lecture as if we were arguing with him. Take someone else!,1.0,5.0
I didn't think it was possible to have an introductory history class be harder than a 300 level, but it is. His 372 exams were all essays and very subjective, while is 100D exams are geared toward Multiple choice genious'. It's strange to cover so much time in so little lecture and his notes on the board are all over the place.,1.5,2.0
I don't know WHAT these people are talking about on here. If you are signed up for his class - RUN... GET OUT NOW. This class was ridiculous. DROP IT NOW, for real.,1.0,5.0
Wow, Dr. Renna expects a lot from each and everyone of his students, do not take him if you jsut want an easy A. Take him if you want to learn from the best. He will teach you a lot, he has tons of life expereinces and I would recommend him to anyone who really wants to learn something. I wish you luck, be sure to read the book and take great notes,5.0,3.0
Best class ever!,5.0,5.0
Renna is intense. That's the only way to say it. He is very sparatic, but offers so much extra credit that it is kinda easy. He doesn't grade you on what you know, only if he thinks you know it... so try to fool him.,3.0,4.0
The man knows his stuff. Tests are a bit difficult, but he gives a ton of extra credit.,5.0,4.0
This guy is probably my favorite professors at SVSU. Yes his class is tough, but he offers a ton of extra credit. If you like history then you will like Dr. Renna. AND he tells a lot of cool stories.,5.0,2.0
Yeah basically I agree with everybody. He is very hard and seems to expect you to know the material. Basically on multiple choice it was so hard I got 57 out of 80 wrong. The only reason I'll possibly pull a C is to do the extra credit reports on the movies he shows. Also he rambles off about nonsense and he is a nice but freaky sort of guy.,2.0,4.0
Renna knows his european history, and sometimes forgets that not everyone is as knowledgable... there is a lot he expexts from his students, so do not take if you do not enjoy reading a lot of history...but you will learn alot if you do his work and a lot of his extra credit...good luck,2.5,4.0
This guy needs to shave his eyebrows:) He is weird and sometimes goes off in directions that have nothing to do with the class. His tests are extremely hard even if you study. Lots of extra credit though. He's just really an odd ball who talks to everyone like they have been studying history as long as he has. Take someone else.,2.0,5.0
If you take this class, cancel your social calander and buckle in for a long haul. Renna is a first class professor, but he aims for the Ivy leauge. Slackers need not apply. If you apply yourself to the task you will learn a lot. Ask lots of questions, read everything. Read it again and then ask more questions. It is possible to get an A. Be brave.,3.0,4.0
Dr. Renna is an excellent professor who is very knowledgeable. Do all the papers on the slides(there are alot but they are easy.) Lots of opportunities for extra credit. Showing genuine interest in the class helps. Attend every class.,4.0,3.0
Listen if you want to actually learn about history take Professor Renna. He knows his material and brings in a ton of information and exhibits. This is not an easy A, but you will learn much more from him than anyone else. If you're a slacker, this class is way out of your league,5.0,4.0
Worst class I have ever had! It's like he expects you to have a ton of backround knowledge on the topics. The way he writes notes are very hard to follow, and the tests are even harder!! The only way to get a good grade is if you take notes on his lectures and the book, and study for 5 hours a day!,1.5,4.0
Really confusing.... he knows a lot and is very knowledgable but gives notes in the most confusing way. He jumps around a lot from topic to topic and writes random words on the board. His tests are hard and are based on the facts from the book and not his notes. I love history and I'm getting a B-,1.0,4.0
Impossible to follow, and exams are rough. I have been writing 5 pages on closed book, essay exams and have been receiving a C. Class is a big waste of time, but still go because he will give you better grades on homework if you are there. Good luck if you take him, your going to need it.,1.5,5.0
Renna's lectures are out there. Write down every name and major event and do research on your own. Make sure to take excellent notes on art, culture and religion - will help on exams. Do as much extra credit as you can - you will need it! B in class but I am a History Major.,1.5,4.0
Dont take this class unless you have no life and plan on studying 5 hours a day. He never makes sense and doesnt care about you at all,1.0,5.0
Very knowledgeable man but he is one of those profs who cannot get his head out of the clouds.,1.0,5.0
Horrible professor. Dropped class after 1st exam. If you are not a history major and dont know everything there is to know about the class then dont take. Avoid this professor.,1.0,5.0
Im scared,2.0,4.0
The worst professor I have ever had in my college career. You will learn NOTHING.,1.0,5.0
Horrible, horrible, horrible. You are not tested on what he tells you that you will be.,1.0,5.0
Horrible. People who love him are history majors who know everything already and/or love school because he is so hard to understand and doesn't care if you learn or not. Confusing, boring, horrible professor. Escape if you can.,1.0,5.0
Had him 4 times, excellent professor. Best advice if you're lost, write down all the names of people/places, then look them up in the library. Take as many notes as possible before hand cramps set in. Extra credit is easy to get and worth the effort.,5.0,3.0
Take this class, enjoy.,1.0,5.0
Avoid this teacher unless you want to be confused each time you attend class. He jumps around topics and is very hard to keep up with. Do not take this teacher.,1.0,5.0
I honestly think taking this class with this prof. is a waste of time and money. I learned nothing except that extra credit can really save your ass. I sucessfully failed every test, and he jumps around so much I could never follow him. Very confusing!,1.5,5.0
Very knowledgeble and interesting you get so much out of this man's classes, but you have to do your work the extra credit is a huge help,5.0,3.0
Stay clear!! This professor is very boring! He knows what he is talking about, but he is not excited about his work. He loves it you can tell, but he is very monotone when describing things to you. It will be hard for anyone to stay awake in this class!!,1.0,4.0
I sat in the front row and he spit on me all the time!!!!!! He is quite the history buff but much of the material went over my head. I did all the work and studied my tail off and I barely passed the class.,2.5,4.0
I hated this course at first, but then I went to see him, and he was very helpful. I went from C's on my tests to A's. He is very encouraging and truly wants you to learn something. His class is a lot of work, but college is not supposed to be easy.,4.5,4.0
I've also taken hist 361,362, & 363 with him. as stated above if you read the books and do the extra credit you'll pass. he's funny (in a geeky way) & 1 of the smartest people i've ever met. he's very passionate about history & full of interesting facts.,4.5,4.0
Tom Renna is, by far, one of the greatest professors to walk the face of the earth. He knows the stuff backwards and forwards, and does a fantastic job making students understand. I went from C's to A's in history because of his lectures.,5.0,4.0
He knows so much about history...but we don't need to hear all of it in a 100 level class. The work books were a waste of time. They took forever to do and didn't help much!,2.0,4.0
Dr. Renna is very knowledgeable, He surely enjoys teaching. I enjoyed this class. Do all ex. credit and you should do fine.,4.0,4.0
HORRIBLE prof. avoid this class, he was a terrible professor, he is very nice but grades extreamly hard and it is hard to keep track of all he throws at you. He trails off alot about all the little pieces he throws, DO NOT TAKE.,1.0,5.0
If you do the extra credit it is easy. He basically hands you the test.,2.0,2.0
He's a nice guy who wants to see you do well. If you read the chapters, study for the tests, and do all the extra credit you'll get a good grade. The class is a lot work, but if you work hard you'll do well. He is a good guy who's very knowledgable,4.0,4.0
AVOID THIS PROF!!! I love history but he was a horrible teacher. His lectures are all over the place. He knows so much stuff he can't pack it into an hour and a half session. I would advoid at all costs.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
I wish I had the knowledge he has, knew all the languages he knows etc. BUT, not everybody can be HIM, so what's the need of making that class so god damn hard??? It's impossible to manage all the detailed knowledge he throws at you! AVOID,2.0,5.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!! Worse teacher I have ever had, His lectures are boring and the information he gives you is all over the place. This guy needs to retire!!!,1.0,5.0
This guy is all over the place. Hard to follow.,1.0,5.0
awful! all over the board in a tangled mess of history. tests were horrible.,1.5,4.0
The notes were pretty bad, not very neat, pretty much all over the place, but still write down everything you can. Go on the companion website, look in text and study guide for mult choice. Do alot of extra credit, I got an A- in the class. Try to listen,3.5,4.0
Don't bother with extra credit--if you see his name on your course schedule, drop him or kiss your GPA (and self esteem) goodbye.,1.0,5.0
He is a horrible note taker! He writes gibberish on the board. Very difficult tests, the MC is straight from the book and the essays are from his lectures. DO ALL EXTRA CREDIT!,1.5,5.0
Renna isn't that bad. I do agree that this class should be a 300 level. His tests were alright becuase I did study my ass off for them. My advice: Do the extra credit on the videos he shows, and do the mapbook! I got an A.,3.0,2.0
OMG! Tests are sooo hard! No use in studying because what you study won't be on the test. Do not take this teacher,2.0,5.0
very hard tests, do all extra credit..don't pay attention in class, read the book while ur there instead b/c he'll spend weeks on one chapter, and then test u on four.,3.0,5.0
Most horrible teacher I've ever had. Ruined my GPA. Worked extremely hard but was not happy with my grade. Tests very very hard.,1.0,5.0
He is a nice guy- terrible teacher. He doesn't cover the test material very well, and you practically teach yourself, and the worst thing- attendance is taken daily.,2.0,5.0
His lectures are boring with no clarity, BUT I got 2 D's and a C on the exams and did all of the extra credit and got a B in the class.,2.5,4.0
I would advise you not to take him unless you are very interested in history and you like listening and reading the textbook alot!,3.5,4.0
UGH!,1.0,5.0
A lvl 100 class which should have been a lvl 300 class, do not take this class unless you are a history major.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
I love this Dr. Renna guy. He's great, you just have to know how to read the book instead of learning from the lectures.,4.0,3.0
Hard, VERY confusing, but willing to help...,4.0,5.0
Crazy and all over, dont sit in the front or you will be spit on!,2.5,5.0
looks like kramer thinks like einstein,2.5,4.0
worste teacher on campus, no people skills,1.0,5.0
Genuinely loves the sound of his own voice...and making students feel imbecilic.,1.5,4.0
i dropped the class, smartest thing i have done in college,1.0,5.0
Knows a lot, very entertaining, test are right on with notes,5.0,3.0
Knows to much, hard to follow can get a b with reading a lot,2.5,4.0
offered a few options of extra credit- which probably saved my butt,3.0,3.0
No structure to lectures, he is all over the place.STAY AWAY if you wish to pass,1.5,4.0
Dr. Renna is a fantasic prof. He cares about the material and the students.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
He's the best. He doesn't match his clothes ever. He is totaly cool.,4.0,4.0
A little strange, but enthusiastic about teaching.,3.0,5.0
Great guy, interesting lectures and was supportive,5.0,3.0
This was back in 2014. The first assignment's class average was 45%. I myself got 50% and was upset because this was the first assignment after high school where most people get good grades. Pretti's response to me - you should probably drop out. I proved him wrong and finished the semester with a B and graduated too. Such a terrible prof!,1.0,3.0
JP was not helpful at all in office hours. He gets frustrated with students easily and it shows in his attitude. Questioned my ability to learn CS in not a very nice way and made me feel small.,1.0,1.0
All these reviews are from in person classes so it could be different. Online in COVID-19 which is already such a hard time for students, JP Pretti goes out of his way to make students feel bad and is rude in office hours. Does not know how to speak properly to students and literally made me cry in his office hours. Do not recommend going 2 him.,1.0,4.0
I failed math 135 the first time and basically learned nothing, I retook this course with him and he's truly the best prof I've ever met. He's really inspirational and really patient. 10000000/10,5.0,2.0
He really tried but personally I prefer a solid structure whereas he had a more rough work approach. He said research shows better grades that way. It mightve been beneficial but you have to adjust to his style. Otherwise he really made you think for yourself in office hours but he is a nice and caring guy,3.0,4.0
He's a G, an absolute beauty. He explains things really well, and his voice is loud and clear. He's overall just a good teacher.... aka doesn't have to pause in the middle of class to look at notes etc..,5.0,3.0
His lectures were always full of practical examples that made following the content easy. He has a "lets explore" attitude when solving problems, which is really important for CS. Very approachable during class and office hours, knew my name in the first week when I didn't even remember telling him!,5.0,3.0
Really funny prof who really cares about students. He dedicated a lot of time outside of class to helping students. Always a fair marker and was willing to explain anything you had questions about,5.0,4.0
J.P. made the class -- Math 135 -- easier to understand and interesting to follow. You can tell that he truly cares about the subject, and about the students he is teaching. I would highly encourage you to take him for his class. I would also highly encourage participating in class. The more questions you ask, the more both you and he are engaged.,5.0,3.0
J.P is awesome. If he didn't go into math he would probably have a career as a public speaker - that's how energetic and engaging his lectures are. The course itself was not always an easy one but he made it interesting and understandable.,5.0,3.0
Absolutely the best Math 135 instructor of Waterloo!,5.0,2.0
BEST. PROF. EVER! great explanations, humour, and help. the course is tough though,5.0,4.0
Amazing prof! Definitely recommend to take his course!,5.0,3.0
Awesome prof! Take his lecture if you have a chance.,5.0,1.0
J.P. is just awesome! He's always so energetic and really makes Math135 less stressful for me. Also he gives clear lecture and is very considerate. Favorite prof in UW!!! Highly Recommend.,5.0,4.0
JP was a great lecturer and made everything super clear. My only complaint would be his availability, whenever I went to office hours they were so crowded I barely got 5 minutes with him. He also seems to jump all over the place, its like his mind is racing 100 miles a minute. Would highly suggest attending his lectures though.,4.0,4.0
He is excellent teacher . today , on 21 April 2016 he takes class of 11 standard at D.a.v public school in Amritsar. It was amazing experience of my life with him. He teaches very joyfully that it become a great interest in us . Thus he is very amazing as well as nice natured man. love him(;,5.0,1.0
He has great lectures and is rated well by students, however, I find him a very irresponsible prof. Outside of lectures, he doesn't takes your questions seriously, he never looks at your questions carefully and always answers them in a rush. For the few times when I've asked questions, his answers were all wrong after discussions with other profs.,2.5,2.0
JP was such a great teacher. He would ask how your day was and made sure you understood the content if he noticed you looked confused in class. His examples and lessons were always spot on with the assignments and he never got behind. I was so lucky to have him. I hope I get him for math or CS next year!,5.0,4.0
He is a great prof and is always looking to help students. The course itself was tough but it was taught in a great way.,5.0,3.0
Legend,5.0,3.0
This course is very difficult and he makes it seem easy. Lectures are phenomenal and he is an overall really inspirational guy. 10/10,5.0,3.0
I wasn't actually in JP's class, but my prof was bad so I started going to his lectures and it was the best decision I ever made. I still am super bad at the class but I understand so much more now! JP explains everything so well, and he is so enthusiastic iT absolutely makes me day. Love him, if you can get in his class JUST DO IT.,5.0,3.0
absolutely great prof and great person!,5.0,2.0
Really good prof, want to take his class again,5.0,1.0
the best Prof ever! I'm so glad I switched into his class.,3.5,2.0
Make a hard course easy to understand. Will take his course again if I can.,5.0,3.0
He's just perfect!,4.5,1.0
Amazing professor, don't need any comment to show that he is the best. Take his section if possible.,5.0,2.0
good prof. enthusiastic,4.5,2.0
Best prof ever!,5.0,2.0
Passionate,funny,one of the best profs I've met,makes Algebra interesting.,5.0,3.0
I was struggling throughly and barely passing assignments with my originally professor. When i started going to his lectures, my marks shot up from 40% to consistent 90%+. Absolutely phenomenal professor,5.0,2.0
Great prof. Easy to understand even when the material is tough.,4.5,3.0
He is very helpful and inspirational, you will absolutely love him. Definitely wanna take more classes with him.,5.0,3.0
Good and caring!,5.0,4.0
He helps students adjust to their first year as he teaches. Give a good amount of examples, knows the content he is teaching, doesn't just copy off his notes. Listens to students questions and answer them fairly. Marks fairly but not easily. Great prof for Math 135,5.0,3.0
He is nice and funny. Notes are organzied and helpful. Good to have this prof.,5.0,3.0
An absolutely amazing guy that's enthusiastic, easygoing, and makes class quite enjoyable to attend. Very kind and respectful towards his students and will never make you feel bad for asking a question. He also knows his material very well and teaches it at a crystal-clear pace.,5.0,2.0
He was amazing! I would take all possible CS courses with him if it was an option! He cares about you learning but, not so much its creepy. I went to his office on many occasions and he helped me. Great prof made my first year a breeze(the cs part of first year)!,5.0,2.0
Very good prof. Material was kind of bland but he made it at least a little interesting. Would recommend this prof for CS because his teaching style is very engaging.,4.5,1.0
He covers the material very well and even shows you how you can apply it outside of the course. Lectures are rather light and enjoyable to attend.,5.0,2.0
Awesome prof! Funny, engaging, and teaches the material well. Always is there to help the students; he's quick at replying to any email questions. I really enjoyed the class, when I was worried I might not. But definitely love it, and lots of thanks to J.P.!,5.0,3.0
Before his class I hated CS; now I'm thinking of switching my major to it. He's an excellent prof, clearly knows his stuff, and is really good at teaching. Engaging and funny, it's not too hard to pay attention to his lectures. Encourages questions, makes you feel GOOD for asking them, then does his best to find the answer. Very supportive.,4.5,1.0
This is one of the most arrogant profs I know at UW. Either he thinks he is very smart or knows it all or both.,2.0,5.0
Got me interested in computer science. Always willing to help and take the time to answer questions. No complaints whatsoever.,5.0,1.0
This course is by far my favourite course in university, and part of it was also because of the prof. This prof is just plain amazing! Made me actually want to go to every single class, a great lecturer. I would definitely take more courses with him if I could.,5.0,3.0
so far this is the only guy I know who teaches 5 different courses(Math 135,136,CS 134,115,241) and maybe even more.I admit he sometimes is arrogant,but most times he is clear and helpful.And extremely passionate in class so I never successfully slept in his class,which,I guess,is good for me.,4.5,3.0
Words can't describe how good Pretti is. He's one of the amazing CS profs. If you get the chance, don't think twice, and sign up.,5.0,1.0
Wow what a good class. Wow what a good prof. Just phenominal! Great lectures - very colourful. Great assignments - tough yet doable given enough time. Very reasonable exams. I mean - anyone who says anything bad about this prof is absolutely insane. Consider yourself blessed if you get this man as your teacher.,5.0,1.0
Good prof, pretty clear most of the time. He messes up sometimes though (in explaining parsing). Arrogant though, thinks your dumb, so I don't really like him. Helpful sometimes, other times he refuses to help. But He's decent, most people enjoy him. Although he is good, I think he's overated.,3.0,2.0
Loves his students, loves his courses, loves to teach and loves to help everyone. I quite love this man.,5.0,3.0
J.P. !!! I LOVE YOU MAN !!! THE NICEST GUY EVER!!,5.0,1.0
J.P. IS AWSOME! Explains everything so clearly, and he knows exactly what he is talking about! you cannot fall asleep in this class, excellent prof.,5.0,3.0
he's great,5.0,1.0
So enthusiastic, he loves his job and CS. Explains really well, and gives lots of extra help after class.,5.0,3.0
The best prof ever!! He explains well. very helpful. He makes cs fun and easy.,5.0,3.0
could NOT ask for a better prof. Class is tough but can't blame it on the guy.,5.0,3.0
BEST.PROF.EVER. i switched into 8:30am class just to take it with him. his enthusiasm makes me feel horrible if i'm not paying attention, let alone letting myself fall asleep. explains everything SO clearly and is ALWAYS willing to help students out. i wish i could take every CS course with him.,5.0,2.0
Although he may seem like a very cheerful person. He's not very good at helping students with their problems. Very ignorant when helping students. Also likes to postpone problems such as issues concerning something important about school. Thats a really bad thing...I don't like him...,1.0,5.0
I am in CS because of this guy. He's awesome. But watch out, his exams a little tough!,5.0,3.0
Overall he is a good prof, but BETTER THAN TROY? "FORGABOUTIT!!!",3.0,3.0
This guy is amazing. He was able to relighten the computer programming passion I once had. I was skipping my calc class to go to JP's lecture, since my default CS prof sucked.,5.0,3.0
Amazing prof. One of the best at UW. I loved his classes and were sad when they were done. Exams are hard, but you can do it :),5.0,2.0
He's awsome, and he's way less annoying than vasiga.,4.0,3.0
JPs good... but sorry all you JP fans.. TROY RULES.,4.0,4.0
Very good prof, very helpful inside/outside of lecture. Got 80s in his class.,5.0,2.0
Best cs prof ever! Explains things on a level that everyone can understand! Provides the best extra help - makes sure you 'get it' and encourages you! Extremely inspirational - you leave lectures with your mind expanded. BETTER THAN TROY!,5.0,3.0
Passionate lecturer who really believes in what he's teaching. Introduced ADT's and formal verfication very well.,5.0,3.0
good prof,1.0,5.0
Bad Professor,1.0,5.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Good prof, very helpful....assignments for this course will keep you awake at night tho.,5.0,4.0
soo enthusiastic, always available for extra help, willing to make appointments to help you one-on-one, loves when people ask questions, explains the material very clearly...my favourite prof this term,5.0,2.0
take him, u wont regret it,5.0,4.0
Had him as a guest lecturer for CS 241, by far on of the best. High energy, and he'll go out of his way for you as a student. Don't believe me? See him in his office. Stellar person. Trying for good in this world.,5.0,4.0
He is a really nice prof, but if you are taking cs241 and should be careful...coz Tory and him will definetely make the midterm and final really hard...and he also will mark the midterm before drop-deadline such that students have time to drop the course.,4.5,3.0
I'm in 4B, and he is still the best prof I've ever had. Too bad he's a Leafs fan.,4.5,3.0
This guy expects too much of his students. His assignments guarantee you many wasted nights in the computer lab. If you ask him for help he might be an ass and confuse you even more.,3.0,3.0
Great Prof, makes the hard material easy and intersting. Really helpful if you have problems. All profs should look to him for an example of how a prof should be.,5.0,3.0
One of the best profs. Always full of energy, and makes you think. He talks non-stop until end of Lec. Always asks you if its ok that he moves on. NEVER bores you. He makes u want to learn more. Jam-packed class. Had to check ID #'s for valid students :),5.0,3.0
What a great teacher! He loves the material, and loves teaching. Very refreshing to be taught by someone who cares that you learn!,5.0,3.0
explain abstract stuff well and make the boring course materials more interesting and knows alot of stuff... share stories as well.. wish all teachers are like him,5.0,3.0
An excellent prof, I too want him to teach all of my classes,5.0,2.0
Great prof! Very clear, and teaches what we need to know. Puts emphasis on useful material.,5.0,2.0
Amazing prof. Best one I've ever had. Want him to teach all my classes. Go to see him during office hours, he's so helpful!,4.5,3.0
Very enthusiastic even at 8:30 in the morning. Good prof, and to boot, he's a Leaf fan!,5.0,2.0
J.P. = Awesome. :D,5.0,4.0
Good teacher, a very funny guy..... But he goes too fast (almost wayyyyy to fast). It's a good idea to read the textbook first before attending his 8:30 class.,4.5,4.0
He is very helpful, good lecture! The only down side is talk abit too fast,5.0,4.0
He loves what he does, keeps you up, but goes WAY too fast. Only bad side... fast = hard....,3.5,4.0
I failed the class, but still think he's a good teacher!,5.0,4.0
Great prof, great attitude,5.0,2.0
very nice guy, loves the material. but, he goes wayyyyy too fast,3.0,4.0
a good man.,4.0,3.0
JP is so helpful and truly is dedicated to helping his students!,5.0,3.0
Very good professor. Makes difficult material understandable.,5.0,3.0
He can make anything entertaining. Even if it is at 8:30am.,4.0,2.0
Dedicated, funny, and interesting.,5.0,3.0
lectures hard to follow, goes a bit too fast, Vasiga is better for 241,3.0,4.0
Good in lectures, but get a second opinion on any advice he gives.,3.0,2.0
Crappy Advisor, will lead you down the wrong path,1.0,3.0
very helpful and very fun to go to his lectures! JP rules!!,5.0,3.0
very fun,5.0,3.0
Great prof love his teaching style,5.0,3.0
Very interesting lectures. Huge Leafs Fan.....GO LEAFS GO!,5.0,2.0
He is just a math/cs freak. very good prof,5.0,2.0
Very good lectures.,4.0,3.0
He's the only reason I wake up in the morning (no... seriously),5.0,3.0
Hot Stuff!,5.0,1.0
His lectures are more entertaining than most movies are!,5.0,3.0
He knows his stuff. CS FREAK! Good teacher to learn from!,4.0,3.0
...follow last comments: Morland can't teach!!! He just reads from course note!,5.0,3.0
He's a sweating machine. Also had him for cs241 but he talks too fast,3.0,3.0
Not sexy. Shut up ppl.,4.5,2.0
He's pretty good at teaching but isn't very knowledgable in the stuff he teaches,2.5,3.0
one of the best CS profs at UW, he makes even this useless **** seem interesting,5.0,3.0
Excellent prof; explains clearly the content and motivation,5.0,2.0
fair, helpful and generally a good prof,5.0,3.0
Very well-organized lectures.,5.0,3.0
Answers Every Question with a Question. eg: "What do you think?",1.0,5.0
man i miss his lectures....HE IS GREATOOOOOOO.. i LOVE J.P.,5.0,1.0
You can see his excitement for the course. The lectures are pure entertainment!,4.5,2.0
So sexy he makes boring topics seem VERY interesting,4.5,3.0
Hot stuff... great at teaching,5.0,3.0
Almost perfect! Cool! Very interesting!,5.0,1.0
Very hard midterm,2.5,5.0
Make exams too hard.,3.5,4.0
Extremmly helpful, and the Pez just takes the cake.,5.0,1.0
Arrogant, not very helpful, looks down upon students,4.0,3.0
great prof, cute and sexy too,5.0,2.0
Y'all forgot to mention that he's sexy, as well as being a fab teacher!,5.0,3.0
Cool cute prof,5.0,4.0
Standing room only!,5.0,3.0
Great prof, makes class interesting. Occasionally cuts off students' questions.,5.0,3.0
Good prof, but when I took this course, the midterm average was below 50,4.0,5.0
Troy V said he could beat you up any day,5.0,3.0
He makes learning CS so easy and fun.,5.0,4.0
one of the best,4.5,4.0
ver y funny,5.0,3.0
a good cs prof. a rarity.,4.0,3.0
J.P. is an AMAZING prof ! He made CS actually sound interesting :),5.0,3.0
He actually had me captivated and understanding the course!,4.0,3.0
Stud.....,5.0,2.0
great prof, but kinda gurly,5.0,3.0
Great prof, but spends too long dealing with Mickey Mouse stuff. RECARRRRRRSION!,4.0,1.0
he taught me the true meaning of PEZ,5.0,3.0
good teacher but talks like a machine gun..SLOW DOWN!,4.0,3.0
Excellent prof,5.0,4.0
He's kind of girlish,3.5,2.0
bad course very good teacher,5.0,1.0
Get Prof, Excellent Excitement,4.0,4.0
Bob is a great teacher and makes everything easy to understand. Unfortunately he isn't a great person, too friendly with female students (as a girl, I've experienced this). Had him as a prof 2 times, and it is evident that he hates first years, nicer to upper years. Overall, good teacher but not a kind person (unless you are a white girl).,3.0,3.0
After working in the engineering industry for 2 years, I realized Bob is actually a terrible teacher. MATLAB as a program is rarely used in the industry. He never taught or even encouraged you to find info from other sources, which is the most important skill a programmer should have. Consider learning python / vba by yourself. Far more useful!,2.0,4.0
Bob's the kind of guy that scares you at first, but he is a legend in the CEE department. He truly cares for his students but knows that 1st years are adults. He wants to treat them as adults, but cares for them so much! Believe me. Many people will love Bob, some will dislike him. Overall, he's a prof that wants to help you improve as a student.,5.0,3.0
Fun and entertaining guy. Likes to scare first-years by telling them all the ways they'll fail, but genuinely cares about his students and wants to see them succeed. Would definitely recommend going to all classes, he's a great lecturer and often covers important information in class. Solid prof overall.,4.0,3.0
Bob is a really good first-year prof, he likes to give the students a lot of "worst case scenario" shenanigans, but as long as you take his advice seriously and try to follow it as best you can, his class should be one of the easy ones. The most important thing is to show up, pay attention, and DON'T BE LATE.,4.0,4.0
Bob is a great proff, he is caring, funny, very clear and thorough. He keeps on scaring his students, and threatens them with failing, repeating the term, reduced load, getting kicked out etc. but he does that to make his students work hard and do well, and it worked with me. Mind you that not all of his advices are beneficial.,5.0,4.0
Course really easy for people who has programming experience, for those without, it might be a bit of a challenge. Midterm is good indicator of where you are at. He catered to those who didn't do so well by having a lab section for themselves.,5.0,2.0
Bobo is the man. Super cool prof, with a touch of savageness when necessary.,4.0,3.0
Best teaching ever, his teaching is funny, but gives good examples and explanations to everyone. He has good ways to motivate everybody in the class. I am glad that I could taught by him.,5.0,3.0
Amazing prof, he can sound creepy though,5.0,2.0
Bob's a cool guy. If you care about school, he cares about you. Seems tough, but is nice and helpful when you approach him. REALLY strict on certain things (format, citing, etc). Not as bad as people say, imo.,3.5,3.0
He is the most hilarious lecturer that I have ever had. Awesome Prof. I worked hard and got 105 percent in his mid-term. Frankly, I hate his bonus which made me over 100 percent again and again. I hope that I can take his classes in my upper years.,5.0,3.0
The guy made his midterm impossible long, even the immigrant students couldn't complete it... Otherwise, not bad,3.5,5.0
There is nothing conventional about Bob's teaching. He uses scare tactics to push his students harder. He is big on attending lectures and will ensure that you do. The course he teaches will always effect your other courses due to his scare tactics. His lectures are above average. His methods are effective at the cost of making your life miserable.,4.0,3.0
Complete all assignment and attend all classes. If you miss something make sure he knows why so he doesn't think you're just skipping. Great professor!,4.5,3.0
Lectures? BORING STUFF!! (I never enjoyed..) Assignments? You will lose a lot of marks on trivial things! After I have taken this first civil course in my life, I decide, for sure, to switch to the Math Faculty....,3.0,3.0
easy prof, but really went against the philosophy of higher education. Cared about you doing the required work rather than learning new ideas; assigned a major report that mostly involved following instructions rather than thinking/analyzing for yourself. Ruined civil engineering for me.,4.0,1.0
SAYS HE WANTS TO HELP. MAKES THE EXAM IMPOSSIBLE.,5.0,4.0
he is extremely monetary,2.5,2.0
Cares about his students a lot, do not piss him off, attend his lectures. He is very willing to help.,4.5,3.0
He is one of the best prof in the first year engineering. His slides are really organized and helpful.My advice to you is just try not to miss any of his classes.,4.5,4.0
Really cares about what he's doing and always willing to help. He goes out of his way to help the class succeed. Best 1A prof for civil engineering.,5.0,1.0
He loves to help you, but make sure you stay on his good side.,5.0,2.0
Very helpful, even though he seemed like a hard-ass. Cares about his students and goes out of his way to help you as long as you put in the effort to help yourself.,4.0,3.0
If you attend the lectures all he does is either explain about the upcoming assignments or tell you you're going to fail 1st year. However he coaches you and part of the reason I passed 1A is because of his tips. Picks good looking TA's too,4.5,2.0
The best Prof anyone could have as a nervous first year student. He can think like a student, which is both good and bad. As long as you do all your work, and listen properly in class, you will do well.,4.5,5.0
He was very helpful, and dedicated to preparing his 1st year students for University. He makes things harder than necessary, but I think he is going for the "what doesn't kill you makes you stronger" thing. I'm surprised some of the other reviews are so harsh.,5.0,3.0
Really eased us into university life and tried to make the transition as natural as possible :),5.0,2.0
Awesome guy. Really helpful and is really thorough,5.0,4.0
ATTEND THE CLASSES. True, most of it is Bob telling you you're going to fail if you don't study (which is true). But even though his teal-coloured powerpoints are posted online, go to the lectures anyways. Because he's not a bad lecturer. Picky about marking, yes. But a useful course nonetheless.,4.5,3.0
Great man. Never would have made it through 1A or 1B without the support of this prof. If you need help - go to him, he will never not help and every word of advice is golden. His lectures are a tad intense and he makes them harder than necessary - just do EVERY practice exam he posts and you'll do jusssst fine! good luck - you'll need it!,4.5,4.0
Great at teaching programming and understands that a lot of student coming in have no programming experience, hence easy to pass unlike GENE 121. Unfortunately, he hard to approach unless youre a female. Seems a little too nice to the woman in class if you know what I mean.,3.0,3.0
damn, this guy is funny.... probably 100 times "ur gonna fail 1A" in a single lecture. but overall hes a nice prof and really helpful throughout the first term of university,5.0,1.0
Excellent! Teaches both civil concepts (cive125) and digital comp (cive121) very well. Very helpful, knowledgeable, and friendly. Really willing to help and he clearly wants everyone to do well. Very helpful in your first year.,5.0,3.0
amazing prof... hilarious!,5.0,2.0
It's ok,3.5,2.0
Good teacher. Gives everyone more than one reason they are going to fail 1A or 1B numerous times throughout lectures. Very helpful though, gives you a heads up on university and helps you through passing,4.5,4.0
He fills all his presentations with statistics about fail rates and how you are probably going to fail. He ACTUALLY spends half his time telling you that you won't pass 1A. Waste of time.,3.5,3.0
Wow, this guy canged my life, very helpful, I wouldnt have lasted throughout 1A without him.,5.0,1.0
Great prof. really approachable in first year and makes things go smoothly. Definitely not easy tho. Any bad ratings for him are just from failures in first year :),4.0,4.0
Bob is the bloody man.,5.0,2.0
Good Teaching and good voice. But he is a tricky guy outside the classroom. If you ask him for extra mark or tell him about your difficulty, he will say "Yes, I understand and want to help you. But I have zero power..." "The TA mark that question too easy, but he marks next question hard..so I won't make adjustment." BullShXt,heJustWantToIgnoreYou.,4.5,4.0
He rockssss, he is awsomeeeeee. If you need any help just go to him. he is such a sweet guy.,5.0,5.0
had for cive 121 & 125. Really helpful. Good to come to in a pinch. listens to problems, inciteful,4.5,3.0
Awesome Prof, very interestig and fun. I had all his lectures @ 8:30, and never fell asleep!!!,5.0,4.0
helpful,5.0,3.0
I hate this guy so much... yet, hes the one ill come back to see one day. Surveying in the fields is brutal, bring a lot of patience and something to eat/drink, your gonna be out there for hours. ex. start 1:30, finish: when done or dark.,3.5,3.0
Please stop trying to be my friend!,2.5,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
AWESOME PERSON!EXTREMELY ACCOMODATING AND HELPFUL.,4.5,1.0
By far the most supportive prof. His office is always open and he's always willing to give advice and listen to you cry and complain. Bob makes an effort to have a friendly classroom but at the same time sets a heavy workload and ensures that his students are learning everything that they need to. I couldn't have asked for a better prof.,5.0,3.0
definitely helpful and enthusiastic,5.0,2.0
Bob is awesome. Great teacher/helper.,5.0,2.0
you mean if you're willing to BEAR WITH HIM?!!! low intelligence creature,2.0,1.0
he sucks!!!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.5,3.0
Had him for several req'd courses - EnvE100, Cive 121, ENVE 221 - plus picked CivE 583, partly cause he was teaching. Great prof, got better each time, really approachable, goes out of his way to spend time & make sure u really get it- as long as u r willing to put in the time too,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Stupid course! Should've taken it right out of the cirriculum last time they revised it. Apparently they haven't. McKillop has an IQ of 60 but still thinks all his students are dumber than him. Absolutely terrible. What a nightmare.,1.0,1.0
The most terrible & hideous teacher I've had in my entire life. Was going to take this course when Nick Kouwen was teaching but I have to find another course to take now :(,1.0,1.0
made coding barrable,4.5,2.0
...,1.0,3.0
great prof very enjoyable classes,4.5,3.0
he is a nightmare that just wont go away. His power pt. presentations are useless and will put you to sleep.Never trust him when he says"This would be a great exam question". Doesn't understand studeny ability.,3.5,4.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
Made things clear with lots and LOTS of course notes. Was always there with extra tutorials. Make a comment and he'll snap one back at you (funny guy),5.0,3.0
Will try to scare the hell out of you. Take his ramblings with a grain of salt.,2.0,2.0
helpful guy, he trully is the king of graphs,4.5,3.0
Has decent advice, don't always take him literally.,3.5,4.0
Needs to clarify expectations at the beginning, and remember that first and foremost, civE is an introduction to programming,3.0,5.0
After Bob's class, you'll come out harder-working and more able. Watch out though - his courses does not focus on learning how to program, but focuses on problem solving (hard). Tends to have class favourites.,3.5,4.0
Changes assignment specifications at last minute. Avoid him!,2.0,2.0
He's a great guy for advice and guidance, and he was sympathetic when my freeking project partner dropped out of the course 2 days before the assignment was due...but I'm a little unclear on his expectations sometimes.,3.5,3.0
just predicts frosh tendancies head on...and knows the remidies,5.0,3.0
Not always clear about what he expects from students...,3.0,2.0
Frosh - listen to what he says about work habbits, he's right!,4.0,3.0
horendously long and hard assignments- TRIES to be helpful but is condesending,3.5,5.0
This guy enjoys what he does way too much! Its almost scary!,3.5,3.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
cool guy just like a freind,5.0,1.0
Wow.,4.5,2.0
Bill Gates is around the corner with a lawsuit in hand...,4.5,3.0
kick ass guy, loves his job and makes our lives a lot easier,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
simply one word....super....,5.0,2.0
Great teacher...knows how to keep things simple.....,4.5,1.0
Makes thinks simple and clear,5.0,2.0
helpful with good advice, knows what he's talking about,unlike the other,5.0,2.0
funny, nice, helpful guy - very approachable,5.0,1.0
The class was not that hard academically but sitting in lectures was so boring because he's very monotone. He has a lot of material in lecture and you have to read many articles for your discussion. If you don't have a good discussion section leader then it will be bad. Overall not a terrible class but not the best.,3.0,3.0
I cannot say enough good things about this teacher/this class. Hes super lenient and accepts late papers. His assignments are thought-provoking, and he wants everyone to learn and to have a good time. You wont want to miss class just because theres always something interesting to be learned or discussed,5.0,3.0
Professor Ewn was alright. I found his lectures to be somewhat boring at times. There is essentially no discussion in the lecture portion of this class. He definitely knows what hes talking about, but if you arent 100% into the material, he might lose your interest. Both the midterm and final were open book, which was great.,3.0,2.0
Professor Ewen is interesting, engaging and likes to keep his class relevant and contemporary. The three assignments are pretty simple (only drawback is that one's a group project). There's a midterm and final as well (both open book). Not really a difficult class overall but feel like I've learned quite a bit!,4.0,1.0
He's an awesome guy. I've taken his intro class and his typecasting class, which I highly recommend. It was so interesting and he's kind and funny. There were no tests, only essays that were looking for your perspective with details more then anything. He's one of the greats, he was the professor that inspired me to do a media minor.,5.0,3.0
Prof. Ewen was a charming, intelligent lecturer. The material ranged from interesting to not so much so... The classwork was a ton of reading an critical thinking, there were some simple essays and one group project. My drawback was that I felt a bit intimidated by Professor Ewen, he likes super strong minded individuals and encourages opinion.,4.0,4.0
This guy is a founder of media studies. His books and ideas have shaped the field. An honor to take his class.,5.0,3.0
Keeping up with readings and actively learning from lectures is enough to pass the class with an A. Questions for exams are distributed before hand allowing for a well thought out essay. Though he only selects a few from the list to choose from the day of the test so prepare for all. He teaches with reason and knowledge. Best I've had so far!,5.0,3.0
Loved Professor Ewen's class. I learned a lot in class, and really enjoyed the lectures. My Lab/TA section was boring though, and I think he chose really weird books for us to read - Fahrenheit 451 is a classic but we'd all read it in high school already. Overall, though, he's awesome. He participated in Freedom Summer which is badass!,5.0,4.0
If you have to take Intro to Media with anyone, take Ewen! He has an amazing knowledge and doesn't just lecture on history but also has examples of what happened today in the news. His voice gets a little monotonous and there's more readings towards the end of the year, but he gives you the questions for midterm&final.,5.0,3.0
Literally the first thing he does is asks everyone to take a selfie in class. Makes some pretty funny jokes. Voice is a bit monotonous, but makes it up with very detailed lectures. He really put his own enthusiasm into his work. PREPARE TO READ. Discussion sections are big on participation and reading too.,5.0,3.0
Ewen is fantastic! Would take over and over again. Midterm and final are the only exams and they are both open notes/ open computer with an opportunity to prepare outlines for essays to be written in class. His lectures are engaging using pop culture references. This class promotes media literacy and he speaks from experience. TAKE HIM!!!,5.0,2.0
Professor Ewen gives so much reading; it is actually a stupid amount of reading. If you can avoid this professor, you should. Sure, he's funny. Sure, the work is doable. This class added another level of stress that I did not need. My TA barely got through anything, and was so unhelpful throughout the course because even she had trouble.,3.5,4.0
HONESTLY it isn't bad, its a very informative class, I could say I learned about media and stuff. His lectures do get a bit boring but seriously its interesting. The TA for discussion sessions depends on who you take but its the same like 2 papers do and a blog assignment pretty clear cut stuff kinda an easy a with a little bit of effort.,4.0,3.0
I took ewen 4 years ago and am still talking about how amazing his classes were right now. Great professor,5.0,3.0
One of the best professors I've ever had, if not the best. The lectures were brilliant, he knew how to make students laugh, and the assignments were on par. I highly recommend his class if you have the chance to take it.,5.0,1.0
His readings are outdated and his lectures are boring. He speaks in a monotone voice and his jokes are corny. I went into this class thinking it'd be my minor, but after this class, I'll never take a media class again. If you have an interest in media, shop around for another professor. This felt like a waste of my time,3.0,2.0
do not understand the hype. class started out interesting but throughout the semester it became boring even my TA thought so. wish i went with the other professor. thank god my TA was really fun, she saved the class for me,2.5,3.0
I will admit that it would have been nice to have again for the Culture of Publicity class in the Fall but too bad I graduated. I will admit that I loved Stuart's typecasting class since it was interesting to learn about the history of stereotypes. There was just a midterm, project, and final which is done at home.,5.0,2.0
If you're really interested in the subject, you'll have no problem withstanding his lectures. Otherwise, prepared to be bored. Easy class but boring.,3.0,2.0
He is a very inspiring teacher. He will change your perception of the world. This class is very funny and enjoyable, take it from a person who is very selective about praising a teacher. 3 easy projects and a midterm and final. Open notes for the midterm and final. Topics are provided before hand. Easy A,5.0,1.0
I am so happy that I received a B plus in his class for typecasting. I was hoping that it would have been an A for the class considering how I did well on my project. However I will admit that he was a pretty decent teacher and taught student in different ways that wasn't so mechanical.,4.5,2.0
I will admit that I will miss Stuart Ewen's class since he is an intellectual who gets long with his students very well. I like that his exams are take home which is great. There is a term project which was pretty good and got an A in it. I would recommend students taking him more for this course since he is more laid back.,5.0,1.0
I will admit that his typecasting class is more enjoyable since it is more relaxed and I think the professor seems more at ease. I like the fact that the final and midterm is take home. There is a term project as well for this class but overall great experience so far.,5.0,1.0
He doesn't actually grade anything, the section leader does all of that. His lectures can be very interesting and he uses a lot of pictures and films as references. Lot of reading but just skim it because everything is thoroughly discussed in lecture. Make sure to take good notes though because you can use them for the midterm & final.,4.5,2.0
Pretty easy class with the TA I had. Textbook readings aren't necessary, but his class presentations are always interesting. Also, he's a huge liberal and doesn't really hide it, just FYI, because he often makes political jokes and connections to the material. Midterm is 1 essay, final 2, and he allows everything for them-notes, textbook, internet,3.0,1.0
He is a good professor, knows his stuff, makes the lecture funny and fun. I really enjoyed his class. The reading material can be a bit over bearing at times but its manageable. Recommended!,3.0,3.0
Although his voice is kinda boring, he is an extremely good professor. He's a sweetheart, his smile is purely genuine. He masters the subject and is a very intelligent guy. I personally love him! It's an easy A if you put effort into it because he explains well. The section leaders are beyond useful. Take advantage of it! And good luck,5.0,3.0
The guy knows his stuff! He is a real eye-opener and is apparently really big in the media world. His book is def. self advertising but hey it's not TOO bad. some of his classes are more exciting than others-but the good ones are really good. Try to find out your discussion leader is before you take the class, some are cooler than others.,4.0,2.0
Professor Ewen is a very intelligent man. Most people tend to fall asleep in his classes and most of the time don't understand what he is saying because of him overcomplicating his class. The textbook used, which is written by him, uses unnecessarily difficult language. But his lectures are still very interesting of you care to listen.,3.5,3.0
Smart and Interesting. Tough but worth it.,4.5,2.0
Excellent professor. Makes you work hard...but opens your eyes.,4.5,4.0
Why rate him when truth happens to an idea? I wonder where he actually did get those shoes..... (I got an A in the course),5.0,3.0
Your class experience is dependent on your T.A./conference class. His lectures are okay and somewhat informative - they are truly lectures (no participation/conversation). The textbooks SUCK (and he wrote most of them -the writing is boring). The class is not tough if you put forth any effort but it's not wonderful.,3.5,2.0
His lectures are difficult to follow. Much of the readings are his own. He overcomplicates everything to apparently demonstrate his intelligence but in the process leaves it hard to understand the message he's trying to get across. Smart, but arrogant. Luckily my TA is awesome (Karen Gregory) and explains the material clearly....,1.5,3.0
too involved in self congtraulation to actually teach. a genine guru complex. an irresponsible bore.,1.0,4.0
one of the best prof Ive ever had!!,5.0,2.0
ONE OF THE MOST AWESOME TEACHERS EVER!!!,5.0,5.0
Bring lectures. Didn't really learn anything new.,3.0,4.0
I LOVED media180 w/ Prof Ewen. He's eaily one of the smartest men i've ever met. A little intimidating, but only b/c he commands respect. He has influenced me to declare a media major and I hope I'll be able to take more than a few more classes w/ him.,4.0,4.0
Very good professor, smart, but a little arrogant.,3.5,3.0
The most amazing professor I have ever had! I transfered schools and just reiently saw him again on a film we watched in class! Really gets your attenion! so intelligent!,4.5,2.0
Where do I begin with Professor Ewen? The BEST instructor at Hunter. He is the reason many kids discover what they want to accomplish in their lives. His words are important and valuable to people who want to understand this, sometimes complex worl,5.0,3.0
awesome professor. i was lucky enough to be a part of his last time teaching at hunter. He was very helpful and made Media studies interesting.,4.5,3.0
This was his last semester teaching this class. It was the best class I have taken at any school (and I've been to three). He is nothing sort of brilliant and his words were extremely inspiring. If only there were more teachers (and people) more like him,5.0,3.0
His lectures are pretty good. Smart guy, knows what hes talking about. Media 180 was interesting enough to make me want to take more media and film courses.,4.0,2.0
his lectures are so interesting and clear. he's a very smart man. there are three assignments, a midterm and a final. the assignments are not that bad if you have a good ta. i had andrew demirjian and he was very helpful.,4.0,2.0
OK Lectures - nothing new. He teaches things that one could figure out on their own. Only difference is that he has published books (of which, one is incomprehensible and the other is a collection of OTHER authors). Quite self indulgent to be a prof.,4.0,1.0
Very nice lectures! They're hilarious at times..has a good sense of humor! Makes you think about stuff in media that one would not think about otherwise. Gives great examples. Has a good and clear way of conveying his point!,4.0,2.0
I was in the media block my freshman year and I loved him so much. Omg..I never missed a class. He was always very knowledgable,very clear,and gave very good tests.the work was easy and alot of fun. It made me want to go into broadcasting,4.0,3.0
L really liked his lectures. Very revolutionnary and makes you think about some important issues. Funny cool and 1 of the class and teacher I really liked at Hunter except that sometimes you have to think really hard to do the assigments but it's good!!!!,4.5,2.0
The TA's do most of the work; he only lectures. Lectures are sometimes interesting, sometimes mind-numbing, usually one-sided. And you can never buy a used book because he makes you buy his own and rewrites them every semester!,3.0,4.0
great teacher. knows a lot. revolutionary.,4.0,4.0
He knows a lot of trivial things and gives WAY TOO MUCH READING, but he's cool.,4.0,2.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
lectures about jesus and how much church is bad. completly one sided,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Fair teacher, very knowledgeable and makes the class interesting and fun. When I took 180 he only gave lectures and TA's handled actual class time.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
sharp! very sharp! and funny,4.0,2.0
Lots of tinny assignments.,4.0,4.0
Super cool dude. Make sure you finish all the reading prior to attending the class or you will have no idea of what he says. And once you understand what he is saying, you will realize that he is soooo inspirational!,5.0,3.0
Lot of papers that were pretty difficult. Niche and hard to understand topic. However, the Prof is genuinely a good guy who is very passionate about the topic and you truly do get a better idea of what he is talking about by the end. However, the lectures you need to go to as that is where he summarizes the concepts, the readings are difficult,4.0,4.0
Classes were very effective to our learning and enabled us to use some ideas conveyed in his lectures for our essays which helped a lot. The professor created an enjoyable atmosphere and had open discussions. He gave us an opportunity to widen our horizons. I also appreciated that one of the assignments was practical rather than focused on theory.,4.0,2.0
Open-ended class discussions, you have to read a lot but he doesn't help you learn it. More of an improv class than a literary one, as we did group 'performances'. Has a huge rep as a distinguished prof, but he's totally inaccessible to students (barely answered emails). That being said, if you're a good writer it's a very easy A,3.0,2.0
he's pretentious and needs focus, doesn't attempt to clarify much in lecture and instead just works off the readings,2.0,3.0
The most interesting COURSE I have ever taken in university. Truly inspiring and eye-opening experience, it's your lost if you skip his lecture! get into the material and you will love it! Deep but inspirational!,5.0,4.0
Seriously the best course I ever had in my three years university life. The two hours lecture time always pass by so quickly and his lectures are tense! If you attend the lectures, you will fall in love and you will be engaged. Getting an A is not so hard if you are into the materials. Best lecturer and I have to say this- he is so hot/brilliant!,5.0,3.0
brain-opener,5.0,3.0
The volume and difficulty of the course texts will make your head spin, but a graduate seminar with Cazdyn is a requisite if you're into left literary theory at U of T.,4.0,5.0
OK, so he's the hottest person I've ever met besides my fiance. But his course was also amazing... I was able to follow his thoughts exactly. Pick up his book, too. So dreamy, and so smart, and... *sigh*,5.0,3.0
His lectures were a mess of half-points making one poor point, and he wasn't helpful on essays. Girls said he was cute, but I thought he was very arrogant, self-important, and egotistical. Geez! It's not like he invented the idea of a national cinema.,3.0,4.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
INTELLIGENT, WELL SPOKEN, HELPFUL, HOT HOT MAN..course material rocked my world. approached a national cinema in entirely new way, glad we had history and political articles,5.0,3.0
As a het. male I'm not impressed by how "cute" he is. The course was interesting, but vague and sometimes I think Cazdyn wasn't too sure of himself. I also found him a bit pretentious at times -- the key to his attractiveness perhaps?,2.5,2.0
I am a guy, so I won't use the term "attractive" or "cute" to describe him. But, the thing is he is explain well with a lot of hand motions. And not to metion - good movies for people to think and write assignments on!,5.0,1.0
Undoubtedly brilliant and undoubtedly very attractive. Good course but needs more focus and clarity.,4.0,4.0
Super Intelligent !!! Super Cute !!!,5.0,3.0
energetic, brilliant, helpful with students, intellectually stimulating, very attractive...its a really amazing course, i learned a lot, he approaches film differently than other national cinema courses,5.0,3.0
intellectually rigorous and infinitely stimulating. if you take one course this year, make it this one.,5.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
best prof and best course i've ever had.,5.0,5.0
brilliant. absolutely brilliant.,5.0,5.0
Highly recommended - the best professor I have ever had!,5.0,4.0
very passionate about his courses. the best prof i've ever had.,5.0,2.0
Most amazing prof i've *ever* had.,5.0,4.0
Most enthusiastic prof I've had. He's in East Asian Studies.,4.5,4.0
She as a fun and caring professor. I have little art knowledge, and didn't think that an art history course would be very interesting, but I found it fun and entertaining.,5.0,2.0
Prof Legge is so intelligent and passionate about art history. She makes the topic really interesting and is hilarious. Work wise, there wasn't much work outside of class and most of your grade comes from a term paper/research throughout the semester. This was my favorite course this semester!,5.0,2.0
She is a literal icon. Amazing lectures, it actually made me love Mondays. She is so understanding and caring. I love her so much. I 100% recommend it if you are interested in art history.,5.0,2.0
Prof is really sweet and kind, don't get me wrong. But SO BORING. Do not take FAH198 unless u absolutely love art history, I fell asleep in this seminar every time I attended. I feel bad because Prof is a very sweet woman who is passionate about what she teaches, but hearing about old art for 2 straight hours is not for everyone and def not for me,2.0,1.0
Really fun class and assignments were ok,5.0,4.0
A genius. I love this woman. I've taken many of her courses and she was brilliant in all of then. I love her tangents and her never ending wealth of knowledge.,5.0,4.0
One of the best lecturers and the most hilarious professor I've had at UofT! She's fairly easy-going and gave straightforward assignments (plus no final exam).,4.0,2.0
Wonderful professor. Goes on slight tangents, but is so bright and witty.,4.5,4.0
I LOVE HER!!!,5.0,2.0
Easy: only evaluation was one essay per semester, with attendance and participation. Friendly and unintimidating (and liberal). Committed and knowledgeable. Didn't take notes, as we were not tested at all, it made it difficult to listen, and her talks were engrossing. Lots of class involvement, and was available outside of class for questions.,4.5,1.0
really giving, challenging,5.0,1.0
That's just wrong. I took all the courses I could with Prof Legge. Funny, yes, but totally smart, challenging with theory and ideas, and really makes time for students.,5.0,2.0
An awesome professor. Incredibly witty, intelligent, humourous, honest, clear, and down-to-earth. She knows her stuff, and even more importantly, knows how to communicate it in an accessible, engaging way. She even managed to interest me in postmodernism, which is a feat not to be looked down upon.,4.5,3.0
she is freakin awesome! sooo funny and incredibly intelligent, i wish i could take every course with her!,5.0,2.0
very enthusiastic and interesting... she knows what she's talking about but doesn't talk down to students. encouraging and willing to help. excellent professor.,4.5,2.0
Simply amazing professor- passionate, ridiculously intelligent, and engaging. Take any course you can with her!,4.5,3.0
She is an amazing professor! She is extremely helpful and really cares! She is always there to help with questions and makes sure you are marked fair! Class was always fun and she makes it interesting!,5.0,2.0
She is simply the best. As another comment wrote earlier, U of T profs take note: she is what teaching is all about in the very best sense. Thank you Prof. Legge,4.5,3.0
Attn: UofT Professors, take note from Professor Legge - one the best teachers in the world! She is extremely helpful and always makes sure you understand. She made class fun and you always wanted to be there! She needs to win an award for being this good!,5.0,1.0
Professor Legge was excellent. She was witty, intelligent, and poignant. As I was new to art history, she was willing to provide extra help. She was one of the best lecturers - never dull. She did, however, rush at the end of the course making it difficult to prepare for the final exam.,5.0,2.0
Professor Legge's lectures were well put together, they were funny, captivating and informative. Professor Legge seemed to know exactly what she was doing and only seemed scattered on the outside. She was always available to help and genuinely cared about her students. I hated modern art but after her class that changed, great class!,4.5,2.0
Simply a great prof! Incredibly interesting, personable and engaging! A role model teacher and person! if you can, take her class!,5.0,2.0
Helpful professor -- always responds to your e-mails w/in a day -- clear and foward on what she wants on assignments -- one of the best @ uoft,5.0,3.0
if only every prof were like her, why, university would be a riot. she was absolutly amazing!,5.0,1.0
Funny, always interesting, so worth it.,5.0,3.0
She was very easy-going and lenient. She seemed a little scattered and distracted some times during lectures and in regards to specific dates and titles. However, she was genuinely humorous and made classes enjoyable to go to.,4.5,1.0
I have a feeling she left A LOT out of her lectures. Constantly running out of time, starting class late and going off on unrelated diatribes was discouraging. When she was able to focus, she showed her knowledge on the subject to be extraordinary. Too bad she could only focus for 25% of the time.,4.0,2.0
Actually her dresses are pretty cool! Legge is absolutely hilarious and the class covered issues I never considered in art - very thought provokimg. The essay gave lots of freedom. One of the best art classes ever. AND she's very lenient!,4.5,3.0
She should consider stand-up...more importantly, she is very knowledgeable, witty and a top-notch lecturer. I learned more about issues and themes in modern art history than in any other course so far. Love the pompous-yet-self-effacing art-historian schtick. Unfortunate fashion sense.,4.5,2.0
out of all my morning classes, this is the only one i went to bc of her. she is very smart and her lecture style is easy to follow. shes very understanding and intresting!,3.5,1.0
Boring. All over the place. Possibly on drugs.,2.0,4.0
Absolutely brilliant! She is super witty and I loved it.,5.0,3.0
A very engaging lecturer!,4.5,2.0
Legge is a great prof, very helpful and easy going.,4.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
really good so far, and funny,4.0,3.0
Hilarious, kind and fun! Brilliant too.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Professor was engaging and funny. Got a standing ovation on the last day.,5.0,4.0
Best Prof ever,5.0,3.0
Professor Keil's lectures are funny, detailed, insightful and interesting but if you take his class I urge you to make use of office hours. I've never had a professor so eager to answer questions, assist students and expand on classwork. He is kind, respectful and so passionate about the subject - highly recommend.,5.0,3.0
Prof. Keil's enthusiastic and passionate teaching style can make even the most dry subjects interesting. Great screenings, too- plenty of classics. His assignments in CIN201 might be a bit different than what a cinema student is used to, but he really goes out of his way to help his students. Great sense of humour, too!,5.0,3.0
Charlie Keil was the best professor I ever had! I can't say enough good things about him. He was so friendly, funny, intelligent, endearing, and always willing to help his students in any way he could. It was clear that he genuinely wanted us all to succeed and he was always there for us. Super interesting lecturer and fair assignments. Love him!!!,5.0,3.0
Only had Prof. Keil for a couple weeks as he was filling in as a substitute during the strike. Despite this he was a fantastic addition to the course that livened up the room after having a not-so-interesting snobby graduate student teaching. Thumbs up!,5.0,1.0
Going into university I had no idea what I wanted to take or wanted to do. I took his introduction to film course on a whim and he made me love in love with the art of film. I have found my passion and he fuelled my fire so pursue it. I love this prof.,5.0,2.0
BEST prof ever!! humorous, knowledgeable and handsome! love him,5.0,3.0
Interested in what he taught, showed it to the students. Fun course,4.5,2.0
Brilliant professor. Clear, informative lectures on fairly complicated topics. Open to discussion on anything, and makes himself available for active dialogues with students outside the class. A good sense of humour doesn't hurt either, and a grammar stickler too. One of the best I've had all year.,5.0,3.0
It's been a few years since I took a class with Keil and I still find myself having flashbacks of it. Interesting, engaging, funny and as charming as they come. One of the best at the school, hands down.,5.0,3.0
Charlie = awesome,4.5,4.0
Amazing :),5.0,4.0
Best prof I had all year. Despite always being slightly late, he knew his subject inside-out, and his lectures were elucidating and enjoyable. Available for questions inside or out of class, and did not simply repeat himself in answering. Encouraged class involvement. Very funny.,4.5,3.0
Funny,4.5,3.0
Very funny, and informative. Would love to take another class by him. Essentially did a 5 hour review for a final exam.. obviously loves what he does and is willing to go out of his way to help everyone out. A+,5.0,4.0
Great prof, sure the material isn't the simplest ever but he makes it interesting, funny and engaging. Very approachable and helpful and super-friendly. Would take any class if I knew it was taught by him.,5.0,3.0
Not a very good prof...Says simple things in a complicated way which confuses most ppl....mid-term is not easy as not past tests are given....overall not an easy class in my opinion,1.5,4.0
One of the best professors at the school. Enthusiastic, knowledgeable and a great lecturer.,5.0,3.0
A pillar of the profession of teaching; this man leads this department with class and style. Brilliant, approachable, insightful -- and most importantly, looks out for his students. He transforms a mild interest in cinema studies into film majors and specialists. He makes the driest material interesting. Recommended above all others.,5.0,4.0
Very intelligent and easy on the eyes!!!,4.5,3.0
Good lecturer, and seems really nice at first, but is very insincere,3.5,3.0
Great guy. very enthusiastic. Funny and engaging. He trully cares about the students and he even hints on quiz dates. He's always around to help b/c he takes care to ensure student understanding. Tutorials were really helpful. He encouraged my interest in film. The best lecturer I've had so far. And he's also fair.,5.0,2.0
i took his class in 1st year and now going into 4th, i'm still looking for one of his classes that will fit into my schedule... why was film noir cancelled?! i'm so disappointed. he's the reason i'm in film- funny as hell. i actually snorted in class i laughed so hard at his jokes. he makes even the most mundane information interesting.,5.0,1.0
First semester = noble attempt to make a classically "arty" course more rigorous and academic-- initially this is annoying, but the formal structural analysis is incredibly useful for the second semester. Genre unit is boring and predictable as hell, but the last month of the course really heats up. Keil is intelligent, articulate and expressive.,4.5,2.0
Keil is a knowledgeable, clear, helpful, and extremely engaging prof. His lectures are well prepared and cover all the important course material. What a great way to be introduced to cinema studies!,5.0,1.0
o.k. so this is my first yr sans class with Charlie...and it sucks...Still the greatest prof I ever had a u of t...i love it all the water bottle, the jokes, the films, you will not know how good you have it with charlie...until you take pop film...,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.5,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Great teacher, kinda gay though. Sucks on his water bottle A LOT. Makes jokes about the morning section to the section later that day.,5.0,1.0
Keil is da bomb!!... one of the best professors I've ever had!!,5.0,4.0
Easy-going and approachable Professor who tries to get the best out of you as a student by continually challenging your thoughts and ideas (in a good way of course!). I just wish he did the marking rather than the anonymous marker.,4.0,3.0
what more needs to be said? he rocks.,5.0,3.0
i love this man. the course material may not be that interesting or easy - but his lectures are great. he is incredibly funny. and insults people in a really nice and subtle way.,5.0,3.0
Funny. Smart. Engaging. Very approachable. Clear speaker and has good sense of how people recieve what he says. Not arrogant(other profs take note!) Interesting selection of material. If you actually like to think, take his course. There's no **** with Prof Keil.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
The guy is the best ever. It's not just because he's teaching the course I'm enjoying but the way he teaches it. Some professors should learn from him! Honestly!,5.0,3.0
he makes commuting worth it...,4.5,3.0
Easy-going and pleasant.,4.0,3.0
great prog. loved his lecture. enthusiastic and clear although some of the material is challenging. Generally makes stuff interesting and the weekly screenings are awesome. His TA's seem nice enough as well...,5.0,1.0
he's pretty much what everyone says he is...and he knows it. the downside is that he sometimes tries too hard to be funny/ appealing and it deters from the actual lecture. great for first semester..might be tiresome toward the end,5.0,2.0
Amazing lecturer. Speaks a bit on the fast side but is enthusiastic and very knowledgeable (not to mention wildly entertaining). I'll take anything else he teaches.,5.0,3.0
He is a good teacher. He seems to be enthusiastic about the material, and makes funny jokes. If you are into film, then take this course. If you just need humanities requirement, take semiotics instead.,5.0,3.0
LOVED him. will be trying to get into any of his courses in the future. great lecture structure, very helpful and easy to talk to!,5.0,2.0
Dreamy. What a cool guy. Crazy nice, makes lectures interesting. Really approachable, super nice.,5.0,2.0
Enthusiastic, never a burden. Good teaching skills, makes for a relaxed but effective learning experience. His jokes vary, but the thought is always appreciated. Easiness? I dunno, he doesn't mark anything I write. The TA's do.,4.0,2.0
I absolutely adore this man. He's clearly not only knowledgeable about his subject, but passionate as well, which is great. (The fact that he's hilarious is an added bonus.) Lectures are challenging, but never unreasonably so.,4.5,3.0
Hot stuff, coming through!,5.0,1.0
Really nice and willing to help. I am a straight female, but I don't see him as sexy, Sorry!,4.0,2.0
HE IS A HOT TAMALE and soooo funny! Makes the class worthwhile!,5.0,1.0
Thinks he's very funny. As a guy can't see the big deal about his looks but speaks fast and doesnt repeat anything.,2.5,4.0
Excellent, relaxed lecturer. Helpful, attentive, enthusiastic, and very approachable. He's so charming that I suspect he glows in the dark.,4.5,3.0
One of the best. Passionate. Knowledgable. Funny. Interesting. And yes, hot. Although he's gotta lose some of those sweaters.,4.0,3.0
i loved charlie. he was an excellent prof who really knew the material. he was also very helpful and easy to talk to!,5.0,3.0
Gorgeous! When he looks at you its as if you are the only person in the room. Nice smile! Extremely knowledgeable, which is also very sexy.,5.0,3.0
CHARLIE RULES! BEST PROFESSOR EVER,5.0,4.0
Excellent prof. So sexy, it's sinful.,4.5,1.0
this guy is really funny, and he actually knows what he's talking about. but he uses really big words that are unnecessary to the material.,3.5,3.0
Excellent! so cute, funny and easy to understand. I picked up a film minor for the chance to take another class with him,5.0,1.0
Makes up his own words and thinks he is funnier than he usually is, but lectures generally easy to follow (he says things like a million times). Friendly guy.,4.0,2.0
He uses words that contain six syllables. He may come off as someone arrogant, but overall a nice guy. ;),4.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
I'd go North By Northwest for his Thing!,5.0,2.0
Common sense always prevails. Humble; despite appearences...,5.0,3.0
so entertaining to watch one wants to give his pocket change,4.0,3.0
Never seen without a water bottle in hand. Marks too hard, verging on unfair.,3.0,5.0
not better than bart. i think he recycles jokes too often.,4.0,3.0
really knowledgeable but gets kinda defensive when questionned.,3.0,2.0
sweet, caring, and intelligent. but god forbid you should miss a class!!!,5.0,3.0
very knowledgeble, cares for students, cares for material,5.0,4.0
can't help but love this charming fellow,5.0,2.0
Very cool, very funny and a very fast talker. Good note-taking skills are a must,5.0,3.0
Dr. Lacher is definitely an expert in his field. Unfortunately, he seems to think the students are experts as well. Projects are difficult but doable, and if you complete a working version it means you've learned A LOT. His tests are awful, worst I've ever experienced, drawing more from random material only mentioned in notes rather than projects.,2.0,5.0
Zero test prep material--it seems the professor is more concerned with preventing cheating than student success. Course notes are lacking even when compared to those of COP3330 and 4530. There are few diagrams, the formatting is in need of a revamp and sometimes the exposition consists of uninterrupted proposition-lemma-proof.,2.0,4.0
Lecture notes can be hard to follow and are in need or editing. Not enough exam prep material. Some exam questions are very specific to fsu library implementations and test programs. On the bright side, the class is run efficiently, the expectations are transparent and the professor responds to student questions.,3.0,4.0
Not very motived. Unavailable for help, doesn't update mistakes in his materials, expects students to put huge amounts of time into the class and doesn't really seem to put any time in himself. Unorganized. Disrespectful.,1.0,5.0
To excel in this class, you must learn pointers, arrays and char*. The assignment grading rubrics are very clear--just make sure your output matches robo-grader. The lecture notes are cryptic and require multiple close readings. The Deitel book was not helpful.,2.0,3.0
One of the worst professors I've ever had. Lectures consist of him almost verbatim reading his "notes", which are plain text files and incredibly unhelpful. We were assigned projects every weekend which were very vague, providing "hints" of how we were meant to get started. In online discussion, he is condescending and often chides students.,1.0,4.0
It's a lot of work unless you are a CS whiz. However, learned more in his classes than I've learned in a single other class at FSU. Wish he still taught the other core courses.,5.0,5.0
So, this class is a real eye opener. This isn't one of those "you participate and you get an A" type classes. Real world problem solving starts to get developed in this class and it's very difficult. Lacher will work with you so long as you make a SOLID attempt to solve the problem at hand. Word to the wise: start every project ASAP.,5.0,5.0
Lectures are incredibly difficult to read. Condescending responses to questions. No test preparation AT ALL. Project descriptions are incredibly long and unorganized. No freedom in creating your project, if one space is off in one part, it will lower your grade. DO NOT TAKE!,1.0,4.0
Probably one of the most incompetant professors I've ever had. Expect to spend an hour or two every assignment trying to figure out why your code isn't working and it ending up being an error on HIS part. He also never makes announcements, meaning you'll have to dig through the discussion board to figure out when quizzes and assignments are due.,2.0,4.0
Took him for a online course and hated him from the beginning. His lectures are not very informative, should not be teaching anymore. He is a relic from a by gone era, who has no idea of current computer programming environments or resources. He infrequently answers questions by email or in discussion forums.,1.0,4.0
i have taken some online classes with this professor(COP330, 4530, 4830). he's always behind with grading projects, he makes many corrections or "updates" to his syllabus and assignments. His notes are very generic and his assignments are difficult to understand. Sometimes he responds to your questions. I don't recommend this professor!,1.0,4.0
Not very good at replying to emails or discussion board postings. a lot of students wanted to see the correct answers or at least the answers they chose for the practice exam but he disagreed even thought it was allowed for the previous practice exams.,2.0,5.0
His classes are hard but they are supposed to be. I always get my ass kicked on HW assignments but I finish them and feel like I have accomplished something. I love this professor because I know what he is teaching is beyond what other CS students are learning at other institutions.,4.0,5.0
The recorded lectures and notes are not very helpful and you will need to use google to learn everything. He is pretty ambiguous when you ask questions on the discussion board or he gives you responses such as "read the notes". This is by no means an easy course but he doesn't do anything to make it any easier on you.,2.0,5.0
Ridiculously ambiguous notes, lectures, assignments, etc. Have taken many of his classes and have always been forced to find other resources online to understand the material. This is fine for the easier classes like COP3330 but it stops being cute when you get to higher level courses. Makes no attempt to break down what he's teaching, loves jargon,2.5,3.0
It's an OOP class. It's not beginner's programming, and it's not supposed to be an easy A. You have to learn the material, and you have to understand it. Dr. Lacher has been more than helpful on the two occasions I had to go to him in person for more in-depth assistance. An excellent teacher with high expecations, I highly recommend him.,4.5,3.0
Lacher's classes are never easy. However, he does a great job explaining things if you attend his lectures or watch his videos. His notes are so good I would recommend not buying the book. Also, all the material is online, so you can skip class every now and then. Overall great professor.,5.0,2.0
COP3330 OOP C++...worst teacher I've ever had,1.0,5.0
Great teacher for the Data Structures and Algorithms class, take his distance learning courses if you can.,5.0,5.0
Not unreasonable, but fair amount of work, they are not giving CS degrees away, to those who complain, MIS may be more your speed...,4.5,4.0
Best professor I have had so far. Helpful, lenient when he has to be. I would have liked to have him in all my courses.,5.0,4.0
Almost single-handedly destroyed my love of Computer Science. I'll never forgive him for giving us the biggest programming assignment of the year and making it due the day of the midterm. Then he screwed me over and didn't count my extra credit program.,1.0,5.0
Very nice man. Has retired but still teaches distance learning. Expects a lot. If you are not CS material, stay away.,5.0,3.0
Horrible professor... ambiguous at best, expects you to know before you learn,1.5,5.0
He seems to take great glee in crushing students' dreams.,1.0,5.0
I think I hate this man.,1.5,5.0
Stay away! Probably a smart guy - but an overall horrible teacher!,1.0,5.0
Gieri's Grrrreat! Word.,5.0,1.0
Very nice lady but not a great prof. Her lectures were very monotonous and unorganized. She would just read from her typed notes and go off track dozens of times. Tests were very unpredictable. In order to get a decent mark you would have to memorize the entire 544 paged Bondanella bc you would never know what trivial question she would ask.,2.5,4.0
Interesting lady, knows her stuff and is passionate about it. Her lectures however were very unfocused and tests had a lot of trivia that was not even discussed in class or even alluded to. Overall the course seemed very disorganized, but she is a pleasure to talk to outside the classroom.,3.0,3.0
Great Prof. she is extremely passionate about her course/subj. Is very helpful and understanding of her students. To people who comment on her constant ref to her son. That's a proud mom!!! Who would not be!!!Keep it up prof Gieri you are great!!!!,5.0,1.0
She's a bit unfocused, but it's fascinating to listen to her.,4.0,4.0
Really passionate, but sometimes unclear during the lecture. A really nice prof.,3.5,3.0
The best professor I've ever had. She's passionate, intelligent and extremely helpful.,4.5,2.0
super nice lady, but an unfocused prof. she monotoniously reads off a typed script for her lectures and often veers off topic during tutorials and lectures...usually about her kids and fellini whenever possible.,2.0,3.0
Brava Gieri, Brava!!! What a great prof... although she is a bit eccentric, she can really liven up a class with her quirky sense of humour. She is extremely passionate about what she teaches, however, beware if you are not a Fellini fan!! CIAO :),4.5,3.0
A very nice person, but not the greatest professor.,1.5,3.0
Manuela Gieri was one of the most helpful, open and thoughtful professors I had at Toronto. She is a wonderful professor and an even more wonderful person.,5.0,2.0
She talks about her son so much I prepared to answer questions on him for exam,2.5,4.0
A lovely, consistently cheerful prof. Beware if you dislike Italian cinema.,4.5,2.0
THE BEST PROF AT UOFT, BY FAR!!,5.0,3.0
she is always available and willing to help students.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Drew is hilarious! He does make research methods a very interesting class. Putting forth your best effort is absolutely necessary to do well in this class since there are only 3 assignments and 2 exams that determine the final grade. Do high quality work and you'll do fine in this course. He is also very quick to grade assignments.,4.0,3.0
He could be a little patronizing, but all-around great guy and good professor. The content of the class was boring at times, but he made it more enjoyable. Grades on attendance, a couple papers, and a midterm + final. Attendance is mandatory, but he has fair options for making it up. All you needed to use was in lecture, didn't open the book once,4.0,2.0
While Prof Drew's lectures are funny they are often boring. He doesn't respond to email but will talk to you in class. He's very strict when grading papers (there were 2) and the exams are long (100 questions) and difficult (there were 2 exams). If you want an A in this class you will have to work REALLY hard.,3.0,4.0
I loved Dr. Drew. He is hilarious, laidback, and super helpful and encouraging. Make sure you come to class, participate, and do the assignments since there are not a lot of overall points that go toward your final grade. But overall, it was an extremely fun and laidback class.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Drew is super funny, there are not many assignments which is good or bad, depending on whether or not you do well on them. He is super understanding and helps anyway he can. Never have needed any books for any of the classes I have taken from him.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Drew isnt the worst professor but the class is super lecture heavy and all of the notes are accessible online. He grades super hard especially when the assignments he gave were very vague in what he asked for. He is also very dry but he connects the vocab to real life experiences which is nice!,2.0,4.0
Robert is a nice & quirky professor. Very lecture heavy and it does get incredibly boring at times but he tries to keep it light. The class has very few grading opportunities so be careful or your grade will suffer. The speeches aren't very hard but he grades them pretty tough. He also doesn't give any real feedback whatsoever which I didn't like,3.0,3.0
Research methods is a dry topic, but Dr. Drew does his best to lighten the material. You can never be sure what he's going to say next, which keeps things interesting. The midterm exam is really long (95 questions) and relatively difficult, but the final wasn't bad.,3.0,2.0
Don't take this class unless you have a true appreciation for film. You will learn a lot, but the exams are no joke. Dr. Drew is hilarious, like all the reviews say.,3.5,2.0
He is hilarious if you understand his humor. It is always entertaining every class. I would definitely take him again,4.0,2.0
Dr. Drew will forever be one of the best professors at SVSU. He's hilarious and even though lectures can stray from the material a bit, I always looked forward to the zany antics that ensued with each class.,4.5,2.0
His lectures are interesting there is never a dull moment. You can learn something but you have to pay attention to do so. Be ready to watch Youtube videos.,2.5,2.0
Dr. Drew is a nice guy, he has a very dry sense of humor and sometimes takes offense in class when you have a disagreeing opinion. Many times I have watched him get angry at students when they question something, especially his assignments. His assignments may be clear to him, but if you don't understand, good luck!,1.5,4.0
Dr. Drew is quirky and hilarious. Lecture discussion can stray from the material a bit, but it's all in good fun. I would definitely take him again.,4.5,2.0
Dr. Drew is one of a kind. He definitely gets distracted and off topic quite a bit but it makes class fun. I sometimes felt like going to class was a waste of my time but I did learn quite a bit about media and society. If you want a blow off class take this.,4.0,1.0
Very interesting class. Dr. Drew knew quite a bit of social media, but was also very eager to learn from the students, which I thought was neat. Discussions would sometimes take a detour, but overall it was related to the class material and a lot of fun to be a part of.,5.0,2.0
Very much enjoyed the class. While a lot of the material came from the book, they were discussed at length in class. Dr. Drew is funny, thoughtful in his questions and responses, and a great teacher to have. I would take him again.,5.0,1.0
Excellent professor! Very interesting subject overall; loved every class. Highly recommended to anyone with interest in Pop Culture. Not easy, but take the time to work on the papers and participate in class discussion and you shouldn't have any issues. I plan on taking Dr. Drew at least 2 more times in the fall. TAKE HIM.,4.5,3.0
Dr. Drew is such a fun guy! Makes such a boring and mandatory class fun! Doing my own research project was a good experience and he was always there to help if needed.,4.5,3.0
Dr. Drew is awesome! This class was extremely straight forward and he was always there to help! he made Research methods some what fun! overall a great class! he does base his research on quantitative research but is not opposed to qualitative!,5.0,3.0
Very easy. Very up to date with pop culture which makes class interesting, fun and easy to learn. I would highly suggest taking him. Took him in the summer. Easy exams that matched the study guide, two speeches and a easy paper. Is also understanding that not everyone is a communication major, and doesn't treat the class as such. A+++++++,5.0,1.0
I absolutely loved my time spent in this class. I took it in the Spring of 2011 and it was refreshing. He has a true passion for what he teaches. Music is important to him. 3 tests, a 10 page paper (it's not as bad as it sounds, quite easy actually), and a final. Great class, even better professor!,4.5,3.0
Great professor. :) Class can be a little boring at times, but he has a quirky sense of humor that everyone seems to enjoy. You do not need to purchase the text book for this class; the powerpoints will work just fine. Glad I took such a hard course with him! He's very helpful.,5.0,2.0
Such a great professor. Really knows the material he teaches, definitely has a passion for the music. Great stories, too; at least one gem of a quote every class. Great one-on-one if you have problems or if you just want to talk. Tests are easy. He'll take everything from the study guide and some tests will be written in order of it. Overall awesom,4.5,3.0
His classes are interesting but somehow not everyone is involved. He is good but sometimes class discussions go off track. I used to get very sleepy in class.:-p Overall,a good prof. , quite witty too,4.5,2.0
He was for sure my favorite professor that I have had at SVSU. I seemed to love what he was teaching and has a great sense of humor. He graded very fair and his test were easy as long as you went over the power points a couple times.,4.5,2.0
Book isn't really necessary, just pay attention to power points. Really nice guy and will help whenever he can - good professor, will make you work for your grade. Class can be boring, but he's probably not very interested in research methods either.,4.0,4.0
Drew definitely has his moments of being a pretty good guy. However, staying awake through his class can be a challenge at times. His classes are pretty easy, but don't expect an A, cuz he hardly gives ONE out per semester.,3.5,2.0
Really funny guy, If you enjoy intellectual humor. Kinda hot in a nerdy guy kind of way.,5.0,3.0
Easy to follow, Good visual use. Answers question well and stays on track,5.0,3.0
Drew is just a nice guy. Some may say kinda lame, but he means the best, and is a good prof. Didn't learn a whole lot about Research Methods, but I did gain knowledge in this area. If you just talk to him and honestly put forth an effort ya can't really fail. Projects for this class did take time out of class, but nothing too hard.,4.0,1.0
Stay away from this professor if you are not his favorite then you are not going to get the grade you deserve.,2.5,5.0
Whoever said the tests were hard in his class must never have looked at the power points or never went to class. The questions on the tests are word for word from the power points and he gives reviews. A few exams, a 5 page paper, and two speeches is all you do, and for someone who doesn't like public speaking, it couldn't have been easier.,5.0,1.0
Took New Media in Winter 2k7. Pretty straightforward Comm course, with a lot of redundant stuff from other courses, especially Media & Marketplace and Human Comm Theory. Drew makes the class enjoyable, and I found most of his comments on the papers helpful.,4.5,2.0
Research Methods, boring topic. But Dr. Drew can make it interesting. Papers are super easy, research a little time consuming, but not bad if you do it early enough. Tests are simple, study the study guide and power points. Usually stayed for 2 out of the 3 hours. (sometimes a little longer). Poster session is a joke, very easy!!!,4.5,2.0
Nice guy..and he's fair. Class discussions were interesting--keeps you awake in class. We always stayed for full 3 hours! (that was the only downfall of the class),5.0,1.0
The class was extremely easy, but remember to study the terms A LOT!! I found the tests to be a little difficult, but just study and you should be okay. Other than that i enjoyed taking him he has a great sense of humor. Ps who ever said he was hot GROSS!,4.0,2.0
No Comments,2.0,1.0
Awesome teacher!!,5.0,1.0
Interesting guy, says some goofy things but tries to keep the class interested. Pretty boring but not too bad. Study for the tests and your fine.,3.0,3.0
Class was extremely pointless. He would lecture every day off the readings, and that was it. Didn't really presnt the material very well. Spent more time in class watching the clock then actually paying any attention to him talk. Tests were a lot harder then they should have been, but the two out of class assignments were easy!,3.0,4.0
funny guy. class's were sort of pointless, he screwed around alot. Classes were half ridiculously basic notes and half him cracking jokes and talking about his favorite music. he is funny, but it seems less about brightening the mood and more about him getting attention.,1.5,4.0
I never got to hear him sing for real, but he busted out some 50 Cent for us one day. It was great. I think we spent an entire class listening to compilation CDs that students made and brought in. This guy is great.,5.0,2.0
Hes a really good guy to know. Hes really nice, but at times it seems hes a dumber than a doorknob. Classes are really boring, but tests are s traightforward. IF you study for test, and do well on the few minor presentaions, the class is a for sure A.,5.0,2.0
What he said in class today when viewing a research film: "The part of the film where the female research assistant is beating up the bobo doll always gives me a speacial feeling.",4.5,3.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
Very funny good teacher with a great personality. I would highly recommond him.,5.0,1.0
Get ready for a ride!!,5.0,2.0
Drew is the best prof I've had! Hilarious, he reminds be of Ben Stein with just a bit more spunk. Classes are always interesting. Take the notes on the overhead because thats whats on the test. I've never been bored in his class. If you like music you'll really enjoy this class!,5.0,1.0
Dr. Drew is very funny. He makes people feel comfortable. Very approachable, very accessable. He is my friend too. I remember the last day of class in comm 375 he sang Karioke to Bruce Springsteens "Born to run". Down to earth...maybe too down to earth? But still great!!,5.0,1.0
I didn't mind him, one of the first classes I took here. Just know whats on the study guide for tests and you can get an A no problem. I am lazy, and I did just enough to get by and I got an A.,2.5,2.0
This teacher is so conceited, I dont know how he lives with himself, very boring.,1.0,4.0
HE IS SO REPETETIVE!! Is was frustrating to watch him make Pop Culture so boring! He is about 10 years behing in his "culture". If you take hin bring lots of caffeine!,2.5,2.0
he's simply awesome. doesn't expect you to be a genious. if you understand what he's talking about, you'll be set by just copying the powerpoint slides down and looking at them for 10 minutes before the tests. papers are all very interesting topics.,4.5,1.0
This was the best class I have taken at SVSU. Drew doesn't treat his students as kids, he tries to open up class discussion and let everyone talk. YOU MUST TAKE THIS CLASS!!,5.0,3.0
He's really cool on grading and gives paper topics that are actually interesting. He likes getting students' opinions and having class discussions. If you listen in class you don't even need to study, just print the notes.,5.0,1.0
THIS IS A MUST TAKE CLASS! The best prof. and person I have met at SVSU! He will make you laugh the entire class period and you will learn something. Great guy to talk to also, you have to take Dr. Drew, the man who wrote a book on **** people singing,5.0,1.0
Dr. Drew is very nice, down to earth, and funny. Classes can be somewhat boring,(but what classes aren't?) but you definately do not mind going to them. He makes it pretty fun, and is a good grader. He is my favorite teacher so far.,5.0,2.0
His tests are from the book I think. Do the review and read, even if he doesn't mention it. Funny guy, but very dry humor. Sometimes made me sleepy!!,2.5,4.0
He is really funny and an awesome teacher. I would take him again. gives really good curves on test. good class to take.,5.0,2.0
Great teacher. Makes class interesting. Multiple choice/T & F tests. 3 short papers. Makes learning enjoyable.,5.0,2.0
The nicest, funniest professor I've ever had. Made starting grad school a blast! DEFINITELY take a Dr. Drew class if you can! And buy the guy's book, "Karaoke Nights," too -- it's good and if you ask nicely, he'll autograph it. :),5.0,2.0
The funnest professor I've had. Very nice, friendly, and smart. Pop Culture class was great.,5.0,3.0
Simply put...Da Bomb!!!!!!,5.0,1.0
hes a pretty easy teacher, gives review sheets that are basically the tests, tells tons of jokes, and you'll still be laughing at him even when he isnt,4.0,1.0
Funny guy who is really easy going, definitely the best prof. I have,4.0,2.0
Dr. Drew is my favortie!He is flippin hilarious and I loved every second of his class especially when he made random sick and wrong out bursts and sang!!We have all his quotes and crazy thoughts on paper!! Love him!!! Take it I date you!!!,4.0,2.0
Very funny guy. He is a very good singer too. His classes are very lively and interesting. What would you expect, he is a "popular culture expert". Anyone want a fun in class, take his class and you will NOT regret it....thats a promise.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
He is a good teacher, meaning he knows a lot about communications. However, he is extremely boring, and his test are rather difficult for such an easy-going teacher/ class.,4.0,3.0
Great teacher, great sense of humor, can't go wrong with Drew.,4.5,3.0
Dr.Drew is the most funny person EVER! You can really learn alot from him,5.0,4.0
awesome, take his classes, c'mon he wrote a book on karaoke,4.0,3.0
Great guy - great class,4.5,2.0
I am a huge Drew fan! His jokes are awesome! :),4.0,2.0
Very good guy, very helpfull.,4.0,3.0
he has a true passion for what he does and for helping students,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Loved this class! Participation really matters, so DO NOT skip class because the PowerPoint will not be on canvas. Dont procrastinate on the 2 writing assignments he assigns. And be sure to read after every lecture to get good grades on exams and online quizzes.,5.0,5.0
This was my 2nd time taking Dr. Schneider, so I had clear expectations on how his class ran. Take notes! He doesn't provide access to powerpoints. Read the textbook! Quiz/exam questions will sometimes come from the textbook, even if not lectured about. Some larger assignments, quizzes and 2 exams during the semester. Study guides are provided,5.0,3.0
He seems to genuinely care about his job,4.0,1.0
His lectures are interesting. There is A LOT of information to remember though. There were in-class activities and exercises which kept class fun. His exams are very hard though. I'd recommend this class, but be prepared to do a lot of studying.,4.0,4.0
Dr. Schneider is a great professor and knows his material. He presents everything in a way that is easily understandable and relatable. The book is crucial for success in the class. Assignments are very heavy and do require a lot of time and work. With hard work in the class, you can get an A.,4.0,4.0
Dr. Schnieder is a great professor that clearly outlines what he expects from his students. I heard horror stories prior to taking this class, I assure you that they are not true. He is a kind person and his class is doable. Read each chapter as it is assigned, I know it's hard but you'll regret not doing it! And ask for help if you need it.,5.0,3.0
I love Dr Schneider. Yes his tests are pretty difficult but he has amazing lectures makes you understand concepts and if you have questions he's happy to answer them in class or in office hours. Would defintely take again.,5.0,3.0
He is honestly my FAVORITE prof. I have had him twice now, and am taking him a third time in the fall. ADVICE: Do the exam review, Take good notes, Read the book, and come to class. His class seems really tough but once you get an idea of how his classes work they are a breeze. Take him and put in the work, you will learn so much.,5.0,4.0
Expects quality work. Funny lectures, information presented is very relevant and useful. Fun group project. Very helpful.,5.0,3.0
This is by far one of the best profs at SVSU. He is caring, and very informational. His classes are lecture heavy so be ready to take notes. READ THE BOOK WHEN ASSIGNED-DONT WAIT, TAKE GOOD NOTES, DO THE STUDY GUIDE AND MAP OUT THE ESSAY QUESTIONS. His exams seem like they are impossible but study in advance and you will be fine.,5.0,3.0
Great knowledgeable guy and his lectures are interesting! But EXAMS ARE TOUGH- you MUST read and attend class. Exams have essays that he wants to have 20 different details and be long written with little time to do that and finish multiple choice questions. He also calls out the person who wrote best essay after exams grades to read it to the class,5.0,4.0
It was a little annoying at first that he would teaching on half of the chapter and expect you to read the other half, but you get used to it. His essays on his exams seem daunting at first, but if you write as in depth as you can on the subject, you should do fine, and he likes that better than you rushing to answer the whole question poorly.,5.0,3.0
If you do not buy the current edition of the book, and you don't read every chapter of the exam meticulously you won't know a third of the exams! He's a great professor, and he's very knowledgeable. I've enjoyed having him, and he makes lectures go by fast because your so interested in the content.,5.0,4.0
Everyone will tell you that Dr. Schneider is scary and you should avoid his classes like the plague, but NONE OF THIS IS TRUE. I loved his lectures, and if you put in the proper amount of effort, you'll get an A. Do not fear, fellow COMM majors, Dr. Schneider is not evil.,4.5,4.0
His lectures are interesting but long. There is 3 speeches and one paper. The tests are all about what he lectures on with some book questions. In class we get into group sometimes or it is a lecture setting. I would take him again!,5.0,2.0
He is a very laid back professor. I would take him again for another class. He is very clear when telling you what he wants and if you listen and participate its an easy A. You won't pass without a textbook.,4.5,3.0
Great class, make sure you are there or you will loose out on a lot of information. If you have a friend to take notes when you are not there you will be fine, but he does attendance for points. I would recommend him. He is very knowledgeable in his subject.,5.0,2.0
At first I hated Dr. Schneider's class because I had to work for my grade, but I ended up enjoying it. He is very clear in everything he wants from his students. He is now one of my favorite professors at SVSU. But I would never take him again, he is just too tough for my liking. Overall he is a really good professor and very personable.,4.5,4.0
Dr. Schneider is VERY knowledgeable and he has some great insight. That being said, his lectures are not very exciting and are sometimes hard to stay awake for. You will learn a bunch of great material for this class, especially if you're going to teach! It's worth it, just make sure to drink some coffee before you go to class.,3.0,4.0
Dr. Scheider is a great instructor - tests are a little difficult, but if you study and read the text book, take good notes in class, you will do well. Would take him again for another class,5.0,3.0
Pretty good professor! I enjoyed going to class, but pretty hard grader on papers and presentations! Make sure you follow the exact guidelines or he'll take points off. But as long as you follow those you'll be just fine!,4.5,3.0
I loved this professor a lot, he was probably my favorite one since i've been at SVSU. He made class interesting and the way he teaches things is very easy to understand. Super nice! For exams he puts study questions online that go over the book chapters. If you study those questions, that will cover the book portion of his tests pretty well.,5.0,2.0
His tests are sooo hard but he's a very nice professor; he made lectures interesting. Also, textbook is needed for some test questions are from the book and not lecture.,4.5,4.0
He is an excellant teacher, and one of my favorite. He is not a teacher that will had you an "A", so you must put work in to earn it. Reading assigned chapters and taking notes will help a lot. Overall, a great teacher and I highly recommend.,4.5,3.0
I LOVE HIM! He is the dean of the department and you can tell that he loves what he does. He really foces on the class getting along and getting to know your classmates. I am taking him again for another class next semester,5.0,1.0
Schneider made class fun. It was a mixture of lecture and group activities. There are two tests both of which consist of multiple choice and two essays. The final is selectively cumulative and all multiple choice. You have to give a 10 lecture on a topic in comm. and write an analysis about it. Attendence is a must!,3.5,4.0
Do NOT take this professor if you have any choice. Without the test curve most of the class would have failed. Worst class I have ever taken!,2.0,5.0
His class is challenging, but as long as you can take something from the lectures & if you read the sections of the book he says will be on the exams, then you shall get a decent grade. He's very approachable & is an enjoyable professor. Tries to make lecture a discussion instead of a task, which makes information stick easier. He knows his stuff,4.0,3.0
I have a 3.8 GPA and Schneider was my only B+ for the semester I took him in. He's pretty tough and I just had him for an entry level class. He's made me pretty nervous about being a Comms major. I did learn a lot in his class but it doesn't seem as though he has much compassion for the fact that students in his classes also have other classes.,3.0,5.0
Very smart guy, approachable, great department chair. can be funny, sometimes!,5.0,3.0
Dr. Schneider is amazing. He is a brilliant individual, an amazing professor and a good department chair. I have taken Dr. Schneider for every class he offers. He is not an easy A, and most students appreciate that about him. He makes you work hard, and learn a lot. He is very helpful and is concerned about students, in class and out. Amazing!,5.0,5.0
Amazing at what he does, I would take him over and over again, he always has great examples and really makes sure you know everything he is talking about. Tests are complicated but everything is learned in class. 3 tests and 1 presentation. TAKE HIM!,5.0,4.0
Really great professor, one of my favorites. A bit of a nerd, in a nice way, I'm sure he'd be the first to admit it. Very helpful, always answers questions and gives great examples. Study the essay question examples and the book like a madman. Tough but very fair and helpful. Recommend him to anyone (& I did take 17 credits while taking him twice),4.5,3.0
Interesting and likeable. Makes you work but if very fair. It was fun to attend class.,5.0,4.0
He is a very fair teacher. If you read the book and take notes during lectures you will do fine. He is very knowledgeable. This class is not an easy A, you have to do lots of work, but if you do the work you will do fine.,4.5,3.0
Great Professor. You have to put forth effort though. You'll learn a lot. It's a class actually worth your money.,5.0,4.0
Makes it fun to come to class. Challenges you but is fair. You get to meet others in class. Lectures are interesting.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Schneider is "all business" when it comes to teaching. I respect him a great deal. There is no slacking in his classes. You better do your best work and get it in on time. He's interesting and fair. One of SVSU's finest.,5.0,5.0
Friendly,helpful and challenging. Makes class fun.,5.0,4.0
You need to study hard and read the book. The class is fun, there are good discussions and you learn a lot. Dr. S is a very cool guy, but you have to put forth the effort.,5.0,4.0
STUDY LIKE IT IS YOUR JOB! Don't expect to breeze through this one, it will take effort and you will have to sit through some boring lectures. THe only enjoyable presentation was on his own studies. Don't take 19credits and expect that it will be ok with this class. READ THE BOOK, he doesn't discuss everything in class that is on the tests.,2.5,5.0
I really enjoy his teaching style. He gives good examples and class tends to bot be borning. However, he tests are so hard it ruins the fun of the class for me. They involve A LOT of studying and being able to recall every little tiny detail. Such essay questions include "Review Chapter 7." and that is all it will say.,4.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
I did not really like him, he is a hard grader and takes forever to get his point across. His tests are tricky and he grades hard on the one speech required.,2.5,4.0
Excellent professor and class. I can't say enough about how good of a guy Dr. Schneide is. Be sure to study hard. Exams include lecture and book info. There's not a lot of points in this class, which can be bad. Work hard, and you'll get an A. There's only one speech, which is not bad at all. Take this class.,5.0,3.0
This teacher is terrific.You will learn alot and will need to study-but you will enjoy every minute of it.This should be a required course for all Education students. Thank you, Dr. Schneider, for being such a great example.,5.0,3.0
Great prof. Made class fun and was not hard at all. As long as you study for the tests you'll get an A,5.0,2.0
This class was interesting, and Dr. Schneider does a great job teaching it. It is important to read the text and take all of his notes. Also, try not to miss class, the attendance points are helpful and notes are important. I would highly recommend Dr. Schneider. He is one of the best communications professors on campus.,5.0,3.0
It's a high level class, and he expects you to do your work and show up, but basically if you participate you'll be ok.,4.0,3.0
Expectations are high, but then again this is a graduate level course. His exams are mostly rote memorization rather than careful analysis of a subject (I prefer the latter approach). Considering the subject matter of the course (leadership and organization) the teaching turns were appropriate as exercises in public speaking. Great prof overall,5.0,3.0
Had him about 11 years ago. He's a great professor. Made class fun and enjoyable. Would recommend to anyone.,3.5,3.0
He is an interesting prof. Exams can be hard, but if you study, they aren't that bad. His lectures are interesting and I learned alot about comm. Good prof.,4.0,3.0
I took Dave as a freshman for 105 and flunked. It wasn't because of him. He's a great prof! I seriously would recommend him to anyone! He is Communication at SVSU! Dr. S...you da man!!,5.0,5.0
made class boring,1.0,5.0
He makes class fun and relates to the students but when it comes to tests hes very hard. Better know all and memorize all.,3.5,4.0
not a lot of points possible in this class so make sure you do your best on everything if you want to get an A. as long as you do that its pretty easy to get an A. pretty good teacher.,3.5,2.0
His classes are difficult, but not impossible. He gives interesting lectures, but also tests on uncovered book info. On essays he asks "talk about chapter 7." Just make sure you know some important concepts from the chapter to discuss.,4.0,3.0
Impossibly difficult exams ("Discuss Chapter 3") and many people will whine about having had to teach a chapter to the class, but it was the most helpful thing I've ever had to do. What do I do now? I teach Comm. in college. Challenging b,5.0,5.0
Dr. Schneider is a great teacher! You need to study and work hard. It's so worth it! You'll learn a lot!,5.0,3.0
I liked the class a lot, it challenged me but I understood better and felt comfortable speaking in the class. It was one of my favorite classes.,4.0,3.0
made class fun, pretty good, i would take him again,4.0,2.0
Typcial exam question: "Describe chapter 3". Catch? He never lectured one minute on ch. 3! Read the book CAREFULLY. Study. Study. Study. Memorize. Memorize. and then MORE!!!,4.0,4.0
very high headed but knows nothing. he should try to live on earth instead on seventh heaven,1.0,5.0
Challenges you, but tries to make learning fun.,5.0,5.0
Easy to do well if you just study hard. I recommend doing outlines of teh chapter---Memorize is the name of his game,4.0,2.0
Weirdest teacher I've had. Annoying as hell but fairly easy to pass his class. Only have to give one impromptu speech and one 5 to 7 minute speech.,3.0,3.0
Rude, arrogant, American, boring, downright nasty and contemptuous of Canada. The only Cinema prof without a doctorate, by the way. I do not know what this man's actual talents are; they were not evident in this crummy course.,1.0,1.0
Was really bored. Doesn't know who we are. Annoying and rude. Do not recommend.,1.0,4.0
Good professor makes you get more fascinated by the subject you were taking, and Bart is the one. The students who would like to take an easy course, this is not your type. The students who like challenges, try it.,5.0,4.0
His lectures were so monotone and boring. He talks so slow. Some of the movies assigned were lengthy and unentertaining. He assigns so many pages to read every week.,1.0,3.0
No slides. The whole course was operated by reading the textbooks. International students? I don't think he is a good choice for u guys.,2.0,4.0
A brilliant academic, an awful teacher. Lectures were well organized and succinct. Class average was a C+ so be prepared to be challenged. He'll definitely make you work for your grade.,2.0,4.0
Testa is very smart. So is everyone in academia. He absolutely does not respect students or have the basic skills of kindness that working with people requires. He assigned our final paper, which was dependant on watching a film series, a week before it was due. Your mark will depend on your TA, but Testa's lectures are succinct and clear.,2.0,3.0
Get ready to complete 2 take-home tests (around 10 pg each), two papers, a presentation, and a 15 page research project. Prof. Testa is a very knowledgeable professor, but he does not care for the students' opinions/thoughts on films/readings. The only way to do well in his class is to repeat what has already been said in lecture.,3.0,4.0
Prof. Testa is an exceptional Cinema Studies academic but he lacks the captivating quality of a good professor. He is approachable despite the appearance. Lectures were quite boring and hard to sit through. Movies were fun. I was surprised by the ease of the tests and final (97) which saved me as I bombed the assignments. Would recommend to others.,2.0,3.0
Depending on what directors he chooses he will be more difficult. If its one of his favourites his expectations will be higher. He also has higher expectations for upper year students. He also knows if youre not in class and will be disappointed in you.,3.0,4.0
This is a bigger class so you never really interact with him directly. He can get mixed up on the things he says which gets confusing so you always have to double check with your TA.,3.0,3.0
Monotone voice with incredibly dense readings. Not captivating as a teacher by any means. Easy to approach despite many students citing his intimidating personality. Definately a brilliant academic, impressed at his depth of knowledge.,3.0,4.0
Boring lectures. Was fun to watch movies in his class, though. Test was easy.,2.0,4.0
I can definitely see why Prof. Testa is such a polarizing instructor. His lecturing style is a bit disorganized and rambling. The readings tend to be on the heavier end, and he does expect a high degree of class participation. That said, his classes are always entertaining and interesting. I learned a lot from him!,4.0,3.0
We watched Rambo 2, enough said.,4.0,1.0
My most favourite professor in Cinema Studies Institute. He's an intelligent and cool man.,3.5,4.0
DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASSES UNLESS YOU LIKE DENSE THEORETICAL READINGS, LONG LECTURES, AND DEMANDING ASSIGNMENTS (E.G. A TERM 2 ESSAYS + 1 TEST - ON AVERAGE 12-14 PAGES EACH). PLUS HE'S A STICKLER FOR ATTENDANCE, DISSES STUDENTS IF THEY ANSWER QUESTIONS INCORRECTLY, AND GIVES VAGUE ASSIGNMENT INSTRUCTIONS. HE HATES DISNEY MOVIES TOO.,2.0,5.0
He definitely knows his stuff. He's very smart. But, he bullies students. Sometimes his jokes land, other times they're hurtful. He assigns very long papers, doesn't specify what he wants, and gives you a very short time frame to complete them. He doesn't care about his students. Also, be ready to read a lot of dense, dry material.,1.0,4.0
Tough class with tons of reading. Very abstract, but that's what you expect with Avant Garde so challenge yourself (that's what I said to myself anyway). Difficult for sure but if you want a stretch, apply yourself, and hand your stuff in you will be rewarded with good marks. Seems like the majority don't stick it out for the full year.,3.0,4.0
Tough but smart. He rambles a lot, but he rambles with personality, and I've learned a lot from his asides. He uses Blackboard now too.,5.0,4.0
I am glad that Prof. Testa has not changed much. I took many film classes with him in the early 1980s and students' opinions about him were always mixed. In my books he has always been one of the best and most inspiring.,5.0,4.0
He doesn't care about when a class ends and goes over time EVERY class, he speaks way too low, and he never uses the University's online portal to communicate with the class, making it really difficult to reach him. He is also extremely boring and hard to follow. Other people have commented on the same things and those reviews are from 2011! :(,2.0,2.0
Mr. Testa is the best professor in the University of Toronto. He is intelligent, cares about his students, and is very organized. I highly recommend taking any of his classes, you will learn a lot and have fun while learning.,5.0,2.0
Best teacher at UofT. His lectures are fun, his materials are great especially the great directors course. Shows interesting films and his assignments consist of interesting and thought provoking topics and he give fair marks. Also recommend his 223 class and the action cinema that he started this year.,5.0,2.0
Difficult, but very, very brilliant. You will learn a lot in his classes. Pretty cool dresser too.,5.0,3.0
Amazing lecturer. Smart, brilliant, very witty. Here's the thing with Professor Testa --he will challenge you. But if you put into the course as much as he gives out, you will be miles ahead of the pack. Few professors have such an encyclopedic knowledge of European and American film theory and film culture. Just amazing.,5.0,4.0
Not a captivating speaker by any means. He speaks in a monotone voice like a drone and regurgitates everything from readings.The concept of time is foreign to him , when a class should finish at 6:00 he finishes at 6:15 . He is dry, and self absorbed. His critiques on peoples essays are not constructive, they are sarcastic and destructive.,1.0,3.0
NONE.,4.0,5.0
Great prof, great attitude. gets pleased when students show knowledge. definitely recomend the course. he loves everything about films..love you Bart! hottie :P,4.0,3.0
Great teacher, very knowledgeable and willing to give time to students but doesn't suffer fools lightly,4.5,4.0
His teaching style is an acquired taste: cold, removed, but brilliant. Testa doesn't screw around, and will give you everything you need to understand the subject at hand, without frills. He does exactly what is required of him.,4.5,2.0
I love this guy...sharp wit, dry sarcastic humor, and not afraid to share his true opinions of films and their theorists. Hard course material, but slightly confusing lectures sometimes. Would have been great if things went online. Clearly prefers teaching upper years; Bart will really challenge you.,4.5,4.0
i'm sad i didn't take advantage of testa while i had him. he's definitely smart and funny but the sci fi class just isn't that great if you're not a die hard sci fi nerd. he seems like a cool guy but it seems he prefers teaching the upper years more.,4.0,2.0
Classes with Testa=huge doses of Toronto film snobbery. He has so much cred in the film and art world (google him) and you have to appreciate the sarcastic, cynical wittiness in his lectures. Very articulate and alot less intimidating in person.,5.0,3.0
i think people hate Bart coz he's so tough marking them. they think film studies will be like "i made popcorn for the exam" but it's hard and Bart is there to let them knkow it! i have a great base in film theory thanx to him. kinda intimidating until you're in upper years; so he doesn't have a website...????! whatever!,4.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
We're only halfway through the year and I think I can already rate him. He's horrible and how can a FILM prof not have a website, not use ANY visuals, and not send any mass emails? He is a lecterer who expects everyone to go to ALL his lectures. Also his attendance list is only passed out now and then. Very unclear in his questions for the essay,1.5,4.0
i did intro with him and understand the negative comments, but testa is an excellent prof. those who think him arrogant and pompous are too dim to appreciate his humour. dry, sarcastic and brilliant, hes best in a small class teaching excellent material. indimidating at times and always challenging, hes fantastic,5.0,4.0
I don't know why people are down on Testa; he must hate teaching Intro to Film or something. In a smaller, more specialized setting, I find him to be extremely knowledgeable and a strong instructor. He can be very sarcastic, but he is also really funny when he gets going. He loves fancy words. Expect to be challenged.,4.5,3.0
challenging course,4.0,4.0
awful professor: rude, pompous, and unapproachable.,1.0,3.0
The worst professor I have ever had. Rude, condecening and a poor public speaker. I He merely read off poorly written essays that he must be using for the course every year. He also leered at any female body around him a pig and an arrogant fool - never take a class with bart and turtle necks and puegots are not cool!,1.5,1.0
EFFING BORING. SUCH a monotone voice. reads EVERYTHING. answers questions Rarely. Rude to students. easy class though. the TAs made up for him at any rate.,1.0,3.0
boring,1.5,3.0
Teaching difficult concepts with great enthusiasm.,4.0,4.0
,2.0,3.0
okay. this man is incredibly inapproachable and condescending. however, he is incredibly knowledgeable on film and seems pretty brilliant - i just don't think it translates to a situation where there are 60 students...stay away until your senior years.,3.0,5.0
Totally hate the course because of the prof. I don't even go to lectures anymore cuz they're such a waste of time. Horrible,1.0,5.0
Bart gives very unclear instructions...and then he gets all snippy when I ask for a clarification.,3.0,2.0
I'm a french student and i took this course because i'm interested in film study. i found the course very useful, clear, well-construct, Pr. Testa very understandable, i even get the jokes ! :),5.0,3.0
I don't even bother going to the lectures anymore. He reads out of the book and moves the slides way too fast for anyone to copy down the notes. He is very condescending. And the quizzes?? Don't even get me started on that. I tohught the course would have been a lot better.,2.0,4.0
Like listening to a lecture from Ben Stein...without the sense of humour. Not the greatest prof.,2.5,4.0
Bart's buddy with Hegelian/Lacanian tendencies should stop posting here. The man can't lecture and is condescening and not very approachable. Not a good teacher. Contemptuous.,2.0,4.0
If it weren't for the 6 courses with Bart, UofT would have been a waste of money. I learned from him. He should be the head of Semiotics and/or Film. Make the effort in his classes and you will be rewarded: with extra help, motivation and frirendship.,4.0,4.0
Not good with students. Can be condescending and abrasive. Lectures OK.,2.5,3.0
Funny prof., but not helpful at all with answering emails or being more clear about what he expects in essays; there's a difference between pushing people to be their best and just plain putting them down. Should mark based on course level and now own.,2.0,4.0
He's the coolest prof ever! He's funny and very bright. He's very understanding and totally approachable. I wish I had more profs like him, he's one of the few good ones left...I just graduated, so believe me when I say this. He is a pleasure to be around,5.0,3.0
I will cry great big sorrowful tears every day in grad school because Bart will be missing from my life. One of my favourite profs - brilliant, funny, a fair marker, generous with deadlines, open to new ideas, and HOT LIKE FIRE.,5.0,3.0
a students fool mouth should be fed! Where better to start than at the academic table! Comments from the class were kept at a minimum - seems everyone feared Testa's Jersey wit. bon appetite!,3.0,3.0
Did not dumb down any of the course material. Challenging course, but worth the effort. Good proffesor!,3.0,4.0
Not too clear on a lot of his ideas. I found him vauge, but a nice guy and always willing to help.,2.5,4.0
The only cinema studies prof who consistently trains the requisite class-moron to keep his/her fool mouth shut. If you're bringing nothing to the academic table, he'll let you know. I vote to grant him the authority to muzzle students.,4.5,3.0
The kind of person who says "bwahahaha!" and thinks that Testa isn't unecessarily rude at times is probably the same kind of person who would suck up to Testa in the pages of Eye magazine.,2.0,4.0
BWAHAHAHAHA! If Testa ever "makes fun" of his students, it's kinda like a savvy uncle trying to scare some worldliness into a roomful of perpetually sad-eyed undergrads. If you feel that he sassed you, you're taking yourself too seriously.,4.0,4.0
condescending, outright rude, reads from his essays and makes fun of students. intelligent, generous man with deadlines etc. but as a whole should not be teaching.,1.5,5.0
What university is all about. Someone who pushes you to work hard and won't settle for less. Yes, you might fail but when you succeed it's sweet. Take any course he teaches. I did.,4.0,5.0
he may not be the easiest prof, but i think that's a good thing! love his sarcastic humour.,3.5,4.0
HE IS A GOLDEN GOD!!,4.5,3.0
No Comments,4.5,5.0
Limits genres to 'boy genres' (his term). Tries to cram all of Film Theory into the beginning of the course. His sarcasm doesn't make him the most accessible. Dense readings.,2.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
He is smarter than you are & you know it. So admit that you love him & move on.,5.0,3.0
A bad lecturer and a ****, but fun to have as your TA,2.0,4.0
hilarious! pompous! sarcastic! true academic! best professor! a god!,4.0,3.0
Condescending & sarcastic...and he wonders why we don't speak out in class?,3.0,5.0
dubbed the annihilator , with good reason.,4.0,5.0
An academic, not a professor. unhelpful, condescending, avoid him,1.5,5.0
bart vs. barthes. that is all.,4.0,4.0
x_x Testa SEXY *L* very knowledgable but extremely sarcastic. owns beret @_@,2.5,5.0
*THE* best professor I had as an undergrad, bar none.,5.0,5.0
he is clinically insane, but the material can be interesting.,2.5,3.0
Hilarious & wonderful once you get past 1st year. A true academic.,2.5,2.0
EXTREMELY boring lecturer; also pretentious and incapable of wit.,2.0,4.0
Pretentious, monotone, says mmkay at end of every sentence,coursework is 2 hard,2.5,5.0
hardest class you will ever take... i loved it and hated it - sucks @ lecturing,2.5,5.0
interesting, informative,4.5,3.0
lectures and movies are really boring, many hot chicks in class though.,3.0,4.0
Loved this course, cool Prof, movies shown were great,4.5,1.0
Lectures are SCARY and tend to be boring but in Tutorials is witty & informative,3.0,4.0
MONOTONE...he make me hate films,2.0,3.0
reads his lectures, obscure at times,2.5,5.0
Boring lectures,reads lectures,has no enthousiasm,2.0,4.0
Let's put it this way: the guy reads his lectures off notes and takes attendance,2.0,1.0
cynical hilarity ensues. james woods sexy,3.5,4.0
Ok Prof. Overtly Pretentious, but knows what he's talking about.Shows good films,3.5,3.0
Talks too fast in lectures, class is somewhat boring, not so great films shown,2.0,4.0
Very helpful. Makes sure that everyone understands the information. Funny guy.,4.5,3.0
very boring and overly critical,2.0,3.0
Great instructor, started out kinda tough, but in the end turned out to be a softy and gave us an open book final,4.5,2.0
Summer only class, you are expected to learn compiler construction on your own with 50% of your grade based on a mid term and final that includes information he reads off and writes illegibly on the board.,1.0,5.0
Say goodbye to your gpa when you take this prof...which is your only option anyways with how SVSU's curriculum is set up. Three words: incompetent, incomprehensible, and arrogant.,1.0,4.0
The guy called himself "the expert", despite the fact that the statistics questions that are on his exams were incomprehensible, unrealistic, and unsolvable. He also criticized students both in front of their faces and behind their backs. Very hard to work with. No one enjoyed the course, no one believed they learned anything valuable. Enough said,1.5,4.0
This man is the worst CS professor at Saginaw. He doesn't listen to criticism, and won't accept anything other than how he believes it should be. CS is subjective, but he tries to make it objective.,1.5,4.0
Professor Marzjarani does nothing more than read off his PowerPoint slides. He has weekly "quizzes" which are actually more like tests (50+ q's). The quiz questions are RIDICULOUS. Many of the questions are so similar that it's impossible to study properly, and some of the questions are random facts that you would normally skip over when studying.,1.5,4.0
Pretty easy class. Not a ton of work. Marj isn't too helpful but the class isn't too useful so not a huge deal.,3.0,2.0
Mr. Marjarani is the nicest prof I've ever had. At first it can be a bit hard to understand his accent, but that should by no means keep you from taking his classes and doing well.,3.0,3.0
Thought I would get an "F" but ended up with an "A". He weighs his grades like crazy. He's also very nice.,2.0,3.0
Pretty easy teacher, but I had a little trouble with a few of the homework assignments. The tests were a breeze. It took me about 2 weeks to be able to fully understand him. He doesnt take attendence, and you can be online the entire class. Great professor,4.5,2.0
This guy is great! He is kinda hard to understand at times and talks very softly, but I really did love his class I wish I had taken his section of CS146 (The guy I have is awful...). If you know little about computers and programming, I would suggest taking his classes and he will help you as best he can.,4.0,1.0
uhh yea doesnt teach at all. he says he'll give you examples, but he doesnt clarify them at all. my recomendation is not to take this course.,1.0,4.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
Doesn't understand english very well. Speak slowly to him if you want to tell him anything. Boring and slow teacher if you are good with computers.,1.5,3.0
write a program, call it 'test', but if you write it wrong, you'll get an errrorrrrrrrrr.,4.0,3.0
Great prof. learned tons about VB.NET. I would recomend him to any student.,5.0,3.0
I've had him now for 3 CS classes, 2 of them upper-level. Overall - great teacher. Don't miss many classes or you will fall behind IN A HURRY! Keep up, do the work, and you won't have any problems.,4.5,3.0
He is a great prof. for 300/400 level classes. He is well known with artifial intelligence,4.5,3.0
good man, cares about his students. and he is intelligent. he talks about what he knows.good teacher. helpful, not easy not hard, so u learn something at the end of it all.,5.0,1.0
very good teacher. Most likely 1 of 2 CS professor at svsu that hasn't choosen teaching becuase they have failed at obtaining a commercial job. He is really helpful, and will help you learn more than you paid for, but only if you try hard and ask.,5.0,3.0
one of the few cs profs in svsu who actually knows some advance stuff,5.0,1.0
Didn't learn all the essentials I should have now I'm screwed.,3.0,1.0
just do the work, you'll be fine.,3.5,3.0
No Comments,3.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,2.0
He gave us a difficult, content-heavy midterm the day after Thanksgiving weekend. There are cases in which he is politically incorrect in the textbook he wrote and made us buy so he could profit off of it. His lectures were monotone and content-heavy. I would not wish him on my worst enemy.,1.0,5.0
Took his soc100 last year. I have to say that he may speak in a monotone and doesn't look like a fun person, but he explains concepts very well in the easiest way. The textbook was written by him, which is also very clear and easy to understand, with no long sentences or fancy vocabulary. Built my interest in soc and would take his class again.,5.0,3.0
Took Robert for SOC100 and this course was a nightmare. His test had the class below average. The only good thing about this class is the TAs so just run.,1.0,5.0
Had it in Fall2021. As mentioned by others, extremely detail-oriented and memorization-heavy. I had to practically transcribe every lecture + copy the textbook word for word in my notes to do well. While his lectures are dry, they're concise, short and content is interesting. I further developed my love for soc, and would take again.,4.0,3.0
I had Brym in Fall 2021. His lectures were monotone but he made sense of difficult concepts, was responsive to emails, and his lectures were pretty interesting. I would take one of his classes again, he was cool.,4.0,3.0
Abominable class. They purposefully make it difficult for you to succeed and admit that. I wouldn't wish this course and prof. combo on my worst enemy. And I really wish I had read some of these reviews before taking the class.,1.0,5.0
Teaches well, does not care about students though.,3.0,3.0
SOC100H1F taken asynchronous in fall 2021. Brym was reading off his slides in his lecture videos, and is very boring. Most of the grade is made up of the midterm and final tests which are all multiple choise exams, and tests on EXTREMELY DETAILED stuff from the textbook (not lectures) such as years, data trends, names, etc. killed my interst in soc,2.0,4.0
If you do the readings and take good notes of the lectures, you will get A or above.,2.0,3.0
Robert Brymm is by no means my favourite professor. I found some of the things he said to be racist, and he was not extremely engaging. Despite this, much of what is said here about his soc100 class is untrue. Every single thing on the test WAS taught. Some of it was only in the textbook, but these readings were deemed mandatory.,4.0,3.0
There is a TON of reading in SOC100. To pass the course, you gotta do the readings. And they are incredibly long. His tests include specific details from the readings (and I hate readings). Brym himself was not the most engaging professor in lecture either, though that may be an online school problem. So glad SOC100 is over. So memorization heavy.,3.0,3.0
A hard class, definitely not a bird course. The exams are mostly on very small, random, and specific textbook examples/material. So make sure to do the readings and take good notes. Memorize basically everything. The quizzes and exams are closed book. If you study A LOT and memorize details, you'll be able to get 80s or more.,3.0,4.0
I found this course really interesting, but it is very hard. There is a lot of reading, and you have to put the lectures on 1.8x speed, because the prof talks so slow. Really pay attention to the tutorials, and be warned that this is a hard course, so you will get eh grades. The subject matter is interesting however, but the exams are difficult,3.0,4.0
SOC100 is not an easy course at all, and the grading schemes are also awful (everything is based on tests and exams). If you really need this course or want to study this course, get ready to spend a lot of time reading.,1.0,4.0
I found SOC100 to be quite difficult. The readings were interesting and so were the lectures, but the grading scheme was poor, in that the multiple choice exam was 45% of the mark!The quizzes, tests and midterms were confusing and often tested on minor details. The course could be revamped to be more engaging.,2.0,4.0
-Specific details on exams -Application based,1.0,5.0
He tests on the most trivial things in his self-written textbook. Unless you grind the book very well, make notes and spend most of your revision time on this course, you are just able to get a C.,2.0,5.0
Not an easy course at all,1.0,5.0
Prof. Brym is not the most entertaining during lectures, and you don't even really need to watch them. Most of the tests are based on readings, and you can pass the quizzes based on the tutorial alone. The tests had specific examples from the readings, so do those! Overall, a really stressful class.,2.0,4.0
Took soc as breadth but this class was harder than any of my classes.,1.0,5.0
He definitely knows his material. If you email him a question, he is quick to respond in depth. There is quite a bit of memorization needed. A lot of it is kind of common sense, though. He talks slow - I always speed up the video lectures to at least 1.8x Make sure you really pay attention to graphs/examples used in lectures and the two textbooks.,3.0,3.0
Robert Brym was the bane of my existence. His lectures were not interesting, he made very difficult exams, and deterred me from sociology. His partner McIvor was much more engaging than he was.,1.0,4.0
He's not as bad as others say, but you won't do well if you can't follow the course structure. There's 6 quizzes and 2 exams. The quizzes are fine (they aren't written by him), but the exams includes random questions about a graph from the textbook. He isn't the best lecturer (reads off the slides), but if you grasp the concepts, you'll do well.,2.0,3.0
The textbooks he uses he wrote himself which makes it easy to correlate to what hes discussing in his lectures. If you truly enjoy sociology youll like his class. Its definitely a class where youll learn a lot and have the chance to do well regardless if you have prior knowledge or not.,5.0,3.0
I think Brym made me hate Sociology. He makes the tutorial quizzes and tests so hard. The midterm made no sense. Never taking a class with Brym ever again. I would recommend you to save yourself too.,1.0,4.0
when the class average was higher than last years, he decided to make future quizzes and exams harder. used terms in the exam that i had never heard of. gave us review questions for the exam, but they werent helpful for the exam at all.,1.0,5.0
soc quizzes are based on tutorials. hate the wording. the midterm was full of random details from the textbook. i studied for every quiz and still didn't receive higher than a 75%. don't recommend it. never taking a class with brym again.,2.0,4.0
Brym's lectures were very similar to the long readings he would assign, making them excessively repetitive. The course relied on tests and quizzes. The quizzes were only 10 MC questions, so it was hard to do well. The final didn't really test your understanding as it was full of specific numbers and heavy on small topics instead of main ideas.,2.0,3.0
The lectures weren't really important, they were basically just him explaining the readings. It's VERY reading heavy, but the readings are great. The lectures were monotone, tests often had out-of-syllabus random questions. But he's not all bad like the popular opinion. E.g. - he gave everyone 100% on a quiz because it was too close to our midterm.,3.0,3.0
This course was definitely my favorite as a first-year at UofT. The SOC100 tests came straight from the book and his lectures, and tutorials were a great help. His lectures were pretty straightforward and clear.,5.0,3.0
The lectures were fine to sit through and the readings were interesting (very long and gruelling reads, but still interesting). It just sucks that 70% of your mark comes from tests tests that were basically purely based off minuscule details from the textbook. If youre not great at tests like me, avoid this course with Brym like the plague.,2.0,4.0
Tests were focused on recall of incredibly specific details from the textbook instead of the actual concepts. In the final, he asked us to remember what example he had used in chapter 2 of the book. He wrote the book and changes it every year, so you have to buy it. The textbook is the most important part, and it's grueling for a 1st year class.,2.0,4.0
Professor Brym was a great prof when it came down to learning about sociology as a whole, but his testing methods were really poor. His quizzes were fairly easy and he told us what to expect, which was great! However, his exams were not written the best. It felt like he was testing us more on random facts that we learned more than actual sociology.,3.0,4.0
From my experience, a lot of the people who complain about Brym are the same ones slacking through the semester. With that being said, it's up to you to regularly do the readings and watch lectures. He outlines exactly what will be on the quizzes and he was usually accommodating. Course concepts are easy tho so just put the work in!,4.0,3.0
Very very hard tests! Ruined my GPA!,2.0,5.0
Brym's lectures and the reading he assigns are pretty dry and heavily opinionated. Tutorials are useful but also boring. However, this class is genuinely not hard. If you do your readings, take detailed notes, focus on understanding the key concepts, and make sure don't second guess yourself on tests/quizzes (all m/c), you should get decent grades,3.0,2.0
I had the unfortunate experience of doing my first semester of first year online. I'm not sure whether he's like this in person or whether it was just because of the awkwardness of speaking to a camera but Professor Brym's lectures were quite boring. The textbook got me through the course. Prepare for slightly confusing questions in quizzes.,3.0,3.0
DON'T TAKE HIS CLASS!!! Course assessments did not test our understanding of concepts, instead, we needed to memorize the smallest and most insignificant of details (ie, graphs he showed literally once). In other courses I got low 90s, in this class I got 60s on assessments despite hours and hours of studying. VERY textbook heavy. Good luck.,1.0,4.0
SOC100 is decent with Prof. Brym. He responded to issues promptly and his announcements on Quercus were detailed. Little bits of news and music in the lectures made the course more interesting. Tests are straight forward and fair. However, the course readings are heavy and the final contained a lot of rote memorizations. CONSISTENT EFFORT REQUIRED.,4.0,3.0
I have so much to say but not enough characters. DO NOT TAKE SOC100 WITH THIS PROFESSOR. For an intro class it should be easy but he makes it TERRIBLE and HARD. Don't bother watching the lectures, he just reads the slides. His tests and quizzes cover the most useless details and he does not care about students. Anyone that says he's good is wrong.,1.0,4.0
His tests are so detailed.... And the lecture is boring for me.,2.0,4.0
This course made me hate sociology to be honest. Maybe if it was in person I would have another opinion, but it definitely didn't work for me online. The tests and quizzes do not test your learning - I do not know how some MC questions can determine your passing in this course. Do yourself a favor and go for other courses.,2.0,5.0
He always tries to sort an issue if he can and is very prompt in doing so. Yes, this course is very reading heavy but if you know the course content you will do well. His quizzes are straightforward and based entirely on the content taught. Good professor and tries to make online teaching interesting by adding music clips on lecture videos.,5.0,3.0
Genuinely one of the nicest professors who always responds to concerns. The course itself isn't necessarily easy but it's not incredibly difficult either, expecting a university level course to be a walk in the park would be your fault. Overall, the lectures and required readings were interesting, and there were never any surprises in the exams :),5.0,3.0
the reading is boring. and the final exam focused on very specific details from the reading and the lecture notes. Professor Brym seems nice ( I never met him in person and all the lectures are pre-recorded).,3.0,4.0
alot of the people complaining here are obviously people who have never taken a social studies course before. his tests aren't that hard even if you choose to study the night before, and are typical for a course with this subject material. lectures are pretty interesting but assessments could be done a little better.,3.0,2.0
SOC100 was a little rough for me honestly but Professor Brym definitely made it more enjoyable and put in extra effort making it more engaging for us, which is hard to do with an online course. I really appreciated the little details like putting songs at the starts of lectures for us and I can tell he's very passionate about the field :),5.0,3.0
the worst class I've taken so far. the wording of his tests and quizzes are brutal. cant seem to tell what his intentions are. the class average is low overall, if he was going to do an online course with no open sources at least allow the students to go over his work. WEBCAM MICROPHONE TEXTBOOK is a must (online). very old fashioned,2.0,4.0
I'm sure he was great not doing online courses but... wow. He could not have given more vague questions on the midterm and final exams. The entire course was graded using multiple choice. There were questions that I had absolutely no idea of when he mentioned it at all. It was my lowest mark by a significant amount, and not because I didn't study.,2.0,5.0
Took SOC100 with him, and it was awful. Our final exam was nothing like any of the content we did, we were tested on the most random, and menial facts from more than 500 pages of readings, and that does not include lectures. This class will not teach you sociology, and its uses. It will teach you how to memorize every little detail. DO NOT TAKE IT.,1.0,4.0
I'm pretty sure this guy is too old to still be teaching. For every e-mail he sends he has to send two follow-up e-mails because he messed something up or missed something. Makes you spend money during a pandemic for a textbook he wrote and updates just enough that you can't use last year's. Doesn't care and isn't accommodating. Good luck.,1.0,3.0
He's a nice guy and the quizzes were straightforward and fair. His material is more on the statistical side and application rather than sociological concepts and memorizing. Lots of reading. Readings are probably important for the midterm and final which were a bit more difficult than the quizzes. Overall good class, good prof.,3.0,3.0
One of the best and sweetest professors I have had this semester! He always included interesting/contemporary information and songs in his recorded lectures. The tests were reasonable and test book heavy, so make sure you do all the readings and write notes. His study guides are really helpful for tests too and I would take a class with him again:),5.0,3.0
Very kind prof who does a great job incorporating contemporary issues into lectures. He genuinely cares about his students and their experience in the class. Reading the other comments, I can't agree that there is that much reading. Very average amount for a 100-level course. Reach out to him if you ever need anything, he'll do his best to help u!,5.0,3.0
Not accessible, Vague tests and expects students to buy his books. Not caring about student needs or health at best. At least his recorded lecs have music tho. Mediocre at best,2.0,3.0
The content of the class is really interesting and Prof. Brym is incredibly passionate. I'd be more eager to learn and participate if the readings weren't unbearably dense and he actually talked about things on the quizzes. Low average (not a brag). Very intelligent guy. Cool lectures. Assessments are awful.,3.0,5.0
Hated this class. His tests were all mc but SO HARD!! The class average was very low (60s) and he tells you that. He reads straight off powerpoints. He is very knowledgable however, but the tests were way too hard. Never has anything you are told to study. WOULD NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH HIM!,2.0,4.0
Most of the work's reading the textbook. His tests were ok, could be fairer. He states too much of his political, national, and social opinions in the textbook and his slides which can be annoying. most of it is Canadian history and some stuff regarding international history is very euphemistic and innacurate which is offensive,2.0,3.0
Really boring and his teaching skill is not good,2.0,4.0
Hi everyone. Brym is a passionate about what he teaches. He's a nice guy honestly and is quite fair overall. Lectures are a bit old school (powerpoint, etc.) but includes lots of present day topics which is interesting. Heavy reading; not a bird course. Most kids don't study and them complain after the midterm (all multiple choice essentially).,4.0,4.0
He isn't a bad prof necessarily, but he just doesn't make effort to make his lectures interesting. Each slide has like 100 words on it and people tend to either not show up or fall asleep. Also his test were heavy on the textbook and barely anything from lectures,2.0,4.0
His lectures are dry and he tries to present his opinions as facts. Although he does some interesting videos in class. He also makes you buy his textbooks and updates them every year, so you cannot buy it used. Most of the test questions come the textbooks. His tests are not hard if you took notes on the lectures and textbook.,3.0,2.0
He is one of the most understanding professors and really cares for his students.,5.0,3.0
I found him to be thoroughly exceptional! He has been consistently clear, reasonable and totally supportive of his students. The lectures are definitely mandatory, but very easy to keep up with, and an easy A if you put in a little bit of effort. Plus, he's been sending out funny clips to keep us light-hearted and happy, just a WHOLESOME MAN.,5.0,2.0
Do not take his class unless you're okay with him misinterpreting every single religious book out there with as little context possible. He says his opinions as if they are facts and it's annoying.,2.0,4.0
Had him my freshman year. Interesting class. Some of the lectures wound up to be total snoozefests (not to take anything away from the man's teaching ability). However I love the fact that he incorporated individual wireless remotes for all students when conducting the occasional class survey.,3.0,3.0
boring,1.5,3.0
His lectures are well-prepared and though the subject matter is a bit dull, he usually offers some really interesting insights on it that make you think a little harder than Caron's lectures do. I actually really enjoyed reading his mini-textbook , which you definitely need to read thoroughly for his questions on the tests.,3.5,4.0
He makes a ridiculous sum of money for shelling his own books and keeps making new editions to get more money. You are cattle to Brym.,2.0,3.0
I love this Professor's class! He is the best ever. Really easy and he explains everything until you understand. He understands when you have emergencies and he gives extra credit. His class will be the only class you will really learn while having an easy A. I Strongly recommend him for everyone!!!!,5.0,1.0
His questions on tests are harder than caron's. He's pretty interesting though, and I like his statistics and real life examples; in comparison with caron, who is much more definitionalby the book. I think the two complement each other well. Caron makes things cleareasier as a course coordinator; Brym's lectures are very goodinteresting.,3.5,3.0
Brym is an awesome speaker. His lectures are very in depth and his arguments are always strong. His lectures are very emotional (which made me feel angry and unjustified about social issues). He uses the most recent eventsnews to explain sociology concepts. Brym does not read off the slides. He teaches students to interpret data and graphs.,4.0,2.0
He tends to go very in depth on every topic and sometimes loses the interest of people in lectures. However, I found all of his lectures interesting, and very easy to understand. The math components are simple multiplication or division. Overall I do not understand the negativity most students have towards him.,4.0,2.0
Brym covers the research aspects of sociology, mainly math, and as a social science student it isn't exactly my strong suit, and its confusing to follow. Tells funny jokes occasionally. But make sure you really pay attention to his information, because reading the textbook for his sections does not help, and his section of the test is rough.,2.5,4.0
Overall just kind of... boring. Most lectures are summarizing the readings (from his own books that are expensive) and brings up quantitative stuff constantly. If you go to a lecture he teaches, everyone around you will be playing solitaire or on Facebook, you can stay home if he's teaching. Also you only really need the Commit Sociology books.,2.0,3.0
Went off on his own tangents and would always use charts and graphs in class. It was kind of hard to follow along.,2.0,4.0
always brings graphs and charts in every possible topic! this isn't a math course!!!,2.0,4.0
Textbooks are very difficult to understand. Uses his own textbook of course and replaces them very frequently. Perhaps, consideration to students' finance as opposed to his own would make him more popular among students. Tests are VERY difficult. More problematic, don't think he's the one that actually write them.,1.0,5.0
AMAZING PROF!!!,4.5,3.0
His classes were pretty boring and repetitive. He taught every other lecture and another professor would teach the other lectures. The other professor was better. Pretty tough tests, as all Sociology tests are. They are always worded confusingly. Read the textbook weekly and you'll get a B or B+,3.0,4.0
He's knowledgable about the topic but can be very rude when answering questions. The data he uses are all outdated and the tests are brutal since it asks about the tiny statistical details. Not approachable at all,1.5,4.0
Professor Brym made me want to specialize in Sociology. I loved his lectures. I loved talking to him in person. He is great. The people in my class who didn't like him were slackers looking for an easy mark. If you want to actually learn, you should take his class.,5.0,5.0
very organized and an overall good professor,4.5,3.0
Don't recommend. Tests are tough. Brym is boring. First lecture was on suicide! Adam Green was fine though. Very weird class.,1.0,4.0
Brym made material that could have been interesting very boring.,2.0,3.0
textbook very hard to understand and tests the class on the littlest details like stats and numbers. very little understanding of the course material even though i did all the readings and attended all lectures,1.0,5.0
He tended to teach the heavier topics, but honestly I found him a good professor. You realize how passionate he is in sociology when you get to talk to him. You should go to lectures, he discusses different things in them. It's memorization for the most part, read the textbook and go to lecture and you'll be fine!,3.0,3.0
Multiple choice exams can be tricky but study and understand the textbook material and you'll be fine. Brym explains things well.,3.5,1.0
Excellent in all respects.,5.0,3.0
A very smug and arrogant man. He is a great professor though and his tests are very easy. Professor Brym has a strong left-wing bias. He seems to despise everything that Canada stands for. He spends half the class preaching on how sentences should be reduced for criminals and the other half idolizing the Swedish welfare system.,3.0,1.0
What a course! What a prof! This course got me into sociology. Brym is clear, concise, straight to the point. It's an intro course, so of course you will use your textbook a lot. He DOES put info into lectures that is NOT found in the textbook, and he DOES use it in tests. This course opened my eyes and my mind.,4.5,3.0
Course is really easy. I wouldn't recommend going to class, All he does is read off the book he wrote. I don't like the guy, I feel like he was rude to me because of my background, from what I hear though, hes like that to everyone. These views are based on my experience with the guy, you may have a different experience. *shrugs* not a fan.,1.0,5.0
Considering the authorship on the texts used in class, and the consistent assertion that only sociology answers the pressing questions underlying other disciplines such as economics, philosophy, science etc., it seemed much of the material in the course was aimed at recruitment into the field of sociology. A bit dubious on the data at times also,2.0,3.0
This is an easy, straightforward course as long as you stay awake during lectures. Brym is an extremely boring professor whose unfounded arrogance is sometimes appalling. However, the course material is easy to master. Textbook readings are key; Brym follows them closely during his lecture. All in all, its a course that isn't difficult.,2.5,2.0
Lectures were sometimes interesting in content but delivery was monotone, repetitive and usually pretty boring. Very textbook-based; making notes on the readings will guarantee you a good grade. No major assignments; just three term tests (all MCQ) and an exam. All in all a decent prof who could definitely use some charisma/ sense of humour.,4.0,2.0
I am absolutely shocked by all these negative comments. Professor Brym's lectures are straightforward and interesting. He is very well-spoken! The course isn't the easiest, but if you actually engage in this class through taking notes and doing the readings you will earn the credit while having learned something of practical importance. Brym,4.5,3.0
There's a lot of ambivalence towards Brym as a lecturer and a lot of that stems from the fact that there are 2 kinds of people who take this course: those who want a credit, and those who are actually interested. If you are actually interested in sociology, you'll do well. If you're not, this course can be brutal. Do the readings and you'll be fine,4.0,2.0
He's brilliant, kind, and intelligent. He made me fall in love with Sociology and I'm always thankful to him.,5.0,2.0
Avoid this class if you can. I mean, Professor Brym is great. But, way too much material is covered on his tests. Some questions, no matter how carefully you read the book you will never get. Really have a solid understanding of core concepts to do well in this course.,3.0,5.0
This is not an easy class. He will trick you with some pretty tough MC questions. Read the text CAREFULLY and more than once. The tests can require some serious, sometimes philosphical, application of course material.,3.0,5.0
Terrible professor. Sometimes seems to struggle with basic statistics. Points often fail to stand up to basic scrutiny. He also has an exceptionally slimy way of milking textbook money from students, even for a prof.,2.0,1.0
Ok, Brym is a really intelligent, precise prof. I found his lectures very interesting and stimulating. One of the only classes where i didnt find myself restlessly waiting for the 2 hours to end, it went by pretty quickly. I think he's a great prof, great guy, knows his stuff and is passionate about it.,4.5,3.0
Although his lecture are quite redundant at times, he's a good teacher. His tests revolve around definitions to the textbook to which he is the author, so if you read the textbook, you'll do well. Never have I gone to ask him for help, and thats because everything is so clear that I was rarely ever confused of the class content! Great Proff.,3.5,3.0
Egotistical, dull as nails lecturer. If you want to do well, take this class. If you want to learn something you didn't already know, there are much better options out there.,2.0,1.0
Really great lecturer. Recycles material from his own textbook (New Society) and the little book (SLDI). Don't buy the clicker, it's not necessary. Just READ the textbook and make good notes at lectures.,3.5,4.0
theres obviously a reason why he's got the most people rating him. Great prof!!,4.5,4.0
extremely important to do readings and make notes - saves a lot of time and energy before soc tests and bound to do well. prof was amazing lecturer - very organized and good use of powerpoints. extremely knowledgeable about material and engaging. great class for 1st years!,4.5,3.0
Brym was one of my favorite prof. in my first year. His lectures were well organized and well presented. If you do your readings and attend lectures (take a look at past tests too!), you can get an A like i did :),4.0,4.0
EXCELLENT PROFESSOR. MADE ME FALL IN LOVE WITH SOCIOLOGY. HE IS EXTREMELY SERIOUS, AND MIGHT SEEM UNAPPROACHABLE HOWEVER, HE IS REALLY NICE. HIS BOOKS ARE AMAZING, HE IS THE MOST INTELLIGENT PERSON I HAVE COME ACROSS. BY THE WAY, FOR THE PEOPLE THINKING OF TAKING SOC101 (THINKING THAT IT WILL BE EASY) YOU ARE SADLY MISTAKEN!!:),4.5,4.0
Brym is definitely one of my favorite profs :),5.0,3.0
Very hard class. Couldn't figure out what 25% of 1000 was! Inequality is fascinating. Can't get enough of tax redistribution and inequality. Sociology rocks!!!! I died laughing when he "accidentally" said scam instead of tax!,3.5,1.0
a very interesting and engaging professor,5.0,4.0
I actually really liked Brym. I found him interesting and his teaching style is very straightforward. I became interested in Sociology because of him, so I worked hard and got a good mark in this course. If you go to all the lectures, do your reading and study you'll be fine.,4.5,3.0
Lectures proved long and difficult to engage with as the course progressed. States concepts with clearity and straight forward examples. His respect for students and acceptance to critisism is questionable. He will ask things from lectures on exams...otherwize, lectures are not critical for success.,3.5,3.0
Professor Brym is good at explaining concepts and he is pretty clear with his ideas. However, he is not a nice person and he doesn't care about his students. He is stuck up and has an ego the size of Russia.,3.5,5.0
He made this class awful. He uses old data and his opinions are questionable. Don't talk in class. He incited an all out riot when he refused to continue teaching because a student was talking.,2.5,3.0
Brym is one of the worst professors I've ever had. His lectures and his textbook is full of ridiculous pseudo-science. He doesn't even have an elementary grasp of statistics. He's pompous and obnoxious. He needs a reality check and a new line of work.,2.0,2.0
This class wasn't too hard. Just read the txtbook and attend class and you're good to go. But there were a lot of things he presented in class that I didn't agree on.,2.5,3.0
Although the lectures are organized, I was not fully convinced with all the facts he was presenting. Read the text more than once and it's useful if you record the lectures. If I could take it again, I don't think I would but that's probably because of my general dislike for the subject. Be prepared for no breaks.,3.0,4.0
I refuse to study from a chart of data issued fifteen years ago. Professor Brym is the equivalent to American Fox News; overly dramatic anecdotes mixed in with questionable facts and a delusional sense of self. The fact that he has won a teaching award this year is laughable. I could hear snoring from the balconies of Convocation Hall every class.,2.0,2.0
read the textbook!!!!!!!!!!!!! his tests are hard but not totally impossible...this course is a difficult first year course that i recommend to those who are willing to work very hard! overall grade for Prof Brym: C,2.0,4.0
AWESOME! Repeats arguments and supports twice which is extremely helpful(if you're a slow typer/writer like me) Engaging. High textbook use which i see as a good thing because I don't want to waste my hard earned money especially when I only make minimum wage.,5.0,4.0
Attending lectures and reading all the assigned chapters is crucial. He likes to ask random, small details that can be easily overlooked so read everything with high understanding. His tests are harder than the subject material demands. Many questions tend to be "trick" questions. Overall, it's a difficult intro course & Brym is strict & uptight!,3.5,4.0
So full of himself.,2.5,5.0
great teacher! funny and easy to understand! great intro course!,4.5,3.0
Bad.,1.5,5.0
yummy,1.0,5.0
I really liked the course I had with him and I found his lectures clear and easy to follow. I liked his style of teaching as well... overall very good prof and course!,4.5,2.0
I didnt really like him. Knew his stuff but made the subject really boring. Arrogant and strict. dude needs to chill out.,3.5,2.0
A bit tough, but do it right and you're gonna be OK. Go through the readings carefully, a lot of the questions are on specific details.,5.0,4.0
Brym is a great prof. He's very organized, clear and articulate. Overall a good learning experience. However, I seriously think the prof should reassess his evaluation methods. Sometimes his MC tests were too hard, asking specific percentage changes etc. Dont take his class if you plan to get a high grade without putting "A LOT" of effort.,4.0,3.0
Brym changed my life... Without him, I honestly think that I would have completely hated my first year of University.. I would take another course offered by him in a heartbeat.. Wish him the very best,5.0,3.0
He's a great prof who can gets his point across to you clearly, although I would say some of the question he ask on the test is a bit too detail which I find it difficult (such as asking for number of years and number of %),5.0,2.0
His style of teaching is absolutly impressive. So clear, not boring at all, makes a class of 1400 seem like 140. Definatly a must take class, i only took it for a social science and i ended up majoring in SOC cuz of him!,5.0,3.0
Good, and engaging speaker. However he is pretty biased. Every topic covered centered around how material inequality is the root of all society's problems. Made it sound like the rational and moral thing to do is increase taxes and make more attempts to help the poor. Although I guess that's what sociology is so I can't blame him.,4.0,1.0
As a 2nd year engineer taking this as an elective, SOC 101 wasn't a big priority but it's a year course worth double weight for the GPA after semester 2 so I buckled down, did the readings on the weekend prior to the lecture and bam, 90+. Easy mark, interesting course, take it seriously and you won't regret it.,4.0,1.0
Robert Brym is an excellent professor,5.0,4.0
Attendance in lectures is a must. Overall, content was interesting and very applicable to life. Tests were difficult but if you follow his advice: look at past tests, use online resources, it helps tremendously.,4.0,4.0
amazing prof! very interesting,very clear! if you're taking sociology at UofT, make sure it's with him!,4.0,3.0
WONDERFUL CLASS AND YOU NEVER FEEL HIS BIG CLASSES, VERY PASSIONATE, CAREFUL PROF ABOUT THE STUDENTS,I learned many life lessons from his class, exteremely punctual, organized, kind prof, extermely well presentor, very helpful for ESL students, don't miss his classes I wish I had more classes with him,5.0,3.0
Good course, great professor.,4.0,2.0
Great!,5.0,3.0
very interesting!!,4.0,1.0
awsome class,5.0,2.0
Take this course! The best Prof.,4.5,2.0
Good Prof,4.0,3.0
awesome prof!,5.0,2.0
Overall not bad. The lectures were LARGELY based on the textbooks, and at times it was tediously repetitive. Exams were almost identical to previous years exams, and tested strictly from material in the text with a few questions based on the material from the lectures thrown in. Easy mark for a social science credit.,3.5,2.0
Amazing prof!! makes the subject matter interesting and easy to understand!!,5.0,3.0
Terrible lectures, tearfully boring subject matter. I took this course as a mandatory social science credit because I didn't have to write essays for it. Brym has below average intelligence and struggles with the simple math required for things like interest calculations,1.5,2.0
His lectures are boring and so is the textbook. I could not understand the material nor analyze it correctly. His lectures and material are dry and not interesting. The tests are multiple choice and have some essay questions-extremely hard and detailed. I wish I would have dropped the course sooner or I shouldn't have took the course as an elective,1.0,5.0
Brym is an amazing professor. He is clear about all information needed for tests and exams. He is very passionate about the subject and he makes you want to learn. I would definitly take his class again!!,5.0,4.0
A very smart professor. However, these needs to be a drastic audit on the methods of evaluation. There should be tutorials, no excuse. BIO150 with comparable size had them. Often, lectures were very dry and simply from the text. TA's not approachable, and useless at times. Monotonous at times. My overall grade for Brym is a c-,2.5,5.0
I came into the class with high expectations and I did not leave disappointed! Professor Brym is one of the most articulate, intelligent and helpful professors out there and he has always delivered his lectures with passion, interest and just a simple love for job. This course was a great experience and I recommenend it to all first-years.,4.5,2.0
One of the most fair profs of U of T. A rare thing. All you need to do is, KEEP UP WITH THE READINGS...Study sociology every weekend...read the chapter like 3 or 4 times and not leave the reading till the weekend b4 the test, and there is no reason why you should get less than B in the course. Tests are slightly tough, but totally fair. Great prof,5.0,3.0
Great professor. Confident, clear. Wrote the textbook, which is fantastic. Covered great depth and breadth of material. Responded to and encouraged student feedback on his performance. Good use of powerpoint slides. Very fair testing!,5.0,3.0
Great,5.0,3.0
Great webpage. Used more slides in lecture after students requested he do so. Other than main textbook the clicker/softcover and workbook not necessary. The $190.00 price could be reduced by not incorporating these. Prof. has socialist bias, very left wing. Huge amount of reading. Multiple choice and essay que. on test very difficult. Ave. mark = C,3.5,5.0
his tests are deadly,2.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
-doesn't stutter in his lectures, they're well rehearsed, very interactive with the class,4.5,3.0
Has written an amazing textbook for the course, very easy read with numerous interesting facts. Readings are very insightful. Lectures are boring, doesn't speak with enthusiasm but he cannot be blamed. He has been teaching the course for 3 years. Tip: Ask a friend to record the lecture for you.,1.5,4.0
He is an excellent public speaker!!! And his textbook was well written... Critisims: he is quit bias and does not have a complete understanding of science. He could use a biology course or two. Also, do not take this course is you are a visual learner..he does not put anything up on the sides except graphs..which also makes the class hard to follow,3.5,3.0
He wrote the textbooks we're using and one of them is just articles... which we rarely discuss in class.,3.0,3.0
Very interesting course, well taught.,5.0,3.0
Not a good professor. The multiple choice tests focus on minor detail and do not effectively test a students knowledge. The lectures were not engaging, the professor loses focus easily, the use of TA's was non existent and the prof was not really approchable. Alot of people failed by a marginal percentage.,1.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Needs another method of testing because multiple choice just doesnt really reflect a student's learning.,3.0,3.0
Tests were multiple choice, testing on your memorization of minor details in text and lectures. He drones on and on. I don't recommend taking him, but it may be inevitable.,2.0,4.0
Great course and prof.,5.0,3.0
Totally hard, multiple choice was horrible,1.0,5.0
I think he was first-rate, indeed. I mean obviously the guy's intelligent because he WROTE THE BOOK on Sociology, literally! Good text, great lectures, and like someone else said, he explained things slowly to that we could fully understand the concepts. I suppose that's why he was a little tough on the tests! Good guy though :),3.5,4.0
first rate,5.0,3.0
Great lecturer. Very clear, slow speaker, and easy to approach.,5.0,2.0
Very pompous and cocky.,3.0,4.0
I'm an Engineering Student (ELEC OT5 + PEY), SOC101 was an elective I took, and man is that junk boring. Don't take his course as an elective. I have never taken a course as useless as SOC101!,2.5,5.0
excellent!,5.0,3.0
He started the semester by saying... "If you want to do well in this class you will 1) record all the classes and make detailed notes 2) do all the readings (incidentally he authored the text) 3)review the material every day" Very cocky, talks down to the students.,2.0,5.0
Dr. Brym is a wonderful prof. He is very interested in his field and gives great lectures. It is very possible to get good grades in his class if you spend sometime studying sociology everyday. If you leave the readings till just before a test, you will either fail or get a bad mark. The tests are a little challenging, but not unfair by any means.,4.5,4.0
excellent prof, but I hated the course.,4.0,4.0
Prof Brym is the best prof at U of T,4.5,3.0
worst prof ever and extremley dry. He acts very cocky and he has no time for any questions or extra help.,3.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Brym knows his stuff but makes the tests challenging. It's a great course and the book of articles that accompany the studies was VERY interesting. I'll probably continue to make SOC at least a minor and take something of his in the future.,4.0,3.0
great prof. probably one of the best courses at u of t. brym is one of the best public speakers i've known. the course is easy to do well in as long as you do the readings.,4.5,3.0
Dr. Brym is an amazing prof. His textbook is well written yet some chapters difficult to understand. His tests are really fair and questions straight out of the book. You just have to read the chapters several times to absorb all the information. He replies quick if you send him email.,5.0,3.0
Very hard course,4.0,5.0
man he's tough!!!,1.5,5.0
For those of you who are into marxism and communism this course is for you. There is an incredible bias in this class and offers no real indication of anything possitive to take from sociology,2.0,3.0
i honestly have to say that he is the wrost prof. ever. he is condescending, arrogant and rude. not to mention that he calls his students liars, when they face him with the reality that he is the one not telling the truth.,1.0,5.0
Had this prof 7yrs ago as my very first lecturer. Very knowledgeable friendly and impressive in the way he lectures. I think he is an inspiring teacher to have and would recommend him to anyone considering soc as for tests talk to your ta's things can be managed!,5.0,1.0
Lectures are always well organized and coherent. His explanations are easy to understand and he speaks at a good pace and repeats important concepts so you dont have to worry about missing things from a lecture. course website useful and up to date. fair tests, nice guy, fun to learn. best prof.,4.0,2.0
Excellent proffessor. A leader in his field.,5.0,4.0
Mostly a very interesting lecturer, can drone on at times. Very interesting presentation of course material, but know your stuff!The tests are ridiculous!,3.5,3.0
Amazing prof. One of the best profs at U of T. His website is amazing. He gives sample questions. The course is not easy, really have to keep up with the readings and UNDERSTAND the stuff. But this prof is one of the better profs I've had at U of T,5.0,3.0
Exams are hard and focus on very specific details; really have to know your stuff upside down. Good prof.,5.0,4.0
Very tough course, interesting but tonnes of readings and difficult material.,2.5,4.0
excellent,5.0,3.0
dropped course after 4 lectures. thinks he knows everything - but doesnt. he should loosen up a bit.,2.5,3.0
Prof Brym is an amazing teacher. He speaks with charisma and enthusiasm! He is very approachable and communicates well with all. His website is one of the best maintained of all UofT professors! Tests are not hard--this is UofT; not high school!,5.0,2.0
lectures were easy to follow...material was organized and structured...approachable...website was ALWAYS up-to-date...readings were relevant to real-life issues and interesting...clear speaker.,4.5,3.0
a student's interest in a subject is TOTALLY based on the students 1st tutor! If you would give me a SOC textbook only, i wud NEVER have taken the initiative in the subject, but prof. brym made me love sociology! prof. brym is an awsome professor!,4.5,2.0
great,5.0,3.0
Brym is an amazing lecturer. He lays out the major points of each topic very clearly and provides helpful lecture notes on the website. He speaks at a good pace that one can easily take notes at. My only beef is that the tests are insanely specific.,4.5,4.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
People give him a hard time, I think he's a good lecturer. Any guy who is good at talking to that many people is going to be slightly full of himmself. and the class is not that hard.,4.0,3.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
Bad. Just plain bad. Did not like the course. I was thinking about majoring in sociology, but not anymore. He ruined it.,1.0,4.0
like his lectures, hate his pride and stubborness, sociology man! show some mercy! unless you're a hypocrite.,2.5,3.0
Worst Professor ever....DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE! If you like talking in class forget about it because he will stop lecturing and pick you out of a crowd of 1500 students and yell at you for talking...he is the worst...so boring,1.0,4.0
In a word........BAD! Avoid is course at all possible costs! If in his course, avoid life sucking lectures.,1.0,5.0
This class is Propaganda Central.,1.5,3.0
it's not really sociology than philosophy of prof. brym. a very boring lecturer who basically repeats most of what is already in the readings without much clarification. he also wrote the text which is extremely long winded and unnecessary.,1.5,5.0
No Comments,2.0,1.0
A class preview- go into class and hear blah blah blah blah me blah blah blah blah more me blah blah blah blah wonderful me blah blah blah I luv me blah blah blah....(it goes on forever nonstop). At least his class gets you a good nap for the day.,1.0,5.0
I'd rather listen for two hours to a telephone pole. That pole could make me learn more material in one class than he could in a dozen. His tests are idiotic and his classes are too (not to mention the prof himself),1.0,5.0
He is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bad! We're talking about bad cubed. He is totally boring and will put you to sleep in a matter of milliseconds. He so egotistical too. Get a clue Sherlock-you're not!,1.0,5.0
if i had a choice, i would drop the damn ****ing course. i learned absolutely nothing new in it,1.0,5.0
soc101 is an enlightening course. i feel i'm learning a lot of a relevent material in the course, and it's certainly changing my perspective on society. i wish it would focus more on primary teachings, rather than sec., but it's still a good soc. intro,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Prof. Brym is a great lecturer. He has a very unique point of view in many things. I like his clarity in expressing his views. Also, he's helped me learn a lot about life and understand the world better, which is beneficial for life!,4.5,2.0
he's not bad but the book is boring like hell and he wrote it and his tests are freaking HARD you gota read all the details in the book for the tests...can't skip anything...,3.0,3.0
I have enjoyed professor bryms's class greatly. The material and the way it is presented makes it a very interesting and enjoyable class.,5.0,3.0
How hard is it to just talk slower? Lectures were organized but boring, basically an oral text book. For some reason he didn't like it when pple got up (to pee/leave) when he's talking. Guess he needed the view of a full auditorium for his ego.,3.5,3.0
for classes of the given size, he's incredibly caring and responsive... lectures can get boring, but the book is ALWAYS boring!,3.5,4.0
after 2 horrible, stupid tests, i absolutely hate this course. the textbook, which Brym wrote himself, is horribly unclear and unbelievable boring. trying to read it is tedious in itself. listening to his equally unclear lectures is also a pain in da ass,1.0,5.0
boo brym boo! man, can't the guy slow down just a little during his lectures? who wants to listen to 2 hours of boring speed talking on tape at home?,1.0,5.0
He is clear, straightforward, modern, and in touch with his students. His lectures are now fair and informing. GO BRYM GO,5.0,3.0
I switched my sociology class to be in Professor Brym's class. I think he's an excellent professor, and really makes the Con Hall experience worthwhile. He is very organized.. and this shows up in my note-taking as well.,5.0,3.0
He lectures in a clear and concise manner which makes it easy to follow and understand.Really enjoy the course.Can follow a lot from experience probably because I'm older than the majority.AND I don't think he's bad looking contrary to one comment on here,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
for the massive size of the class (1500 students) he did an impressive job.,4.0,4.0
Prof. Brym is a great teacher, but what he says in class, you could highlight in your book and take little notes on the side for his "in class" questions on mid-terms. Loved the course, though.,3.5,2.0
Easiest course in the world. Anyone who says otherwise is in for a surprise in second year. Very helpful and gave clear answers. But the material is so self explanatory, you'd have to born under a rock to not ace this course.,5.0,1.0
GOod Professor but EXTREMELY rude and arrogant. He insulted a cab driver in front of 1500 people when I took this course four years ago.,2.5,3.0
lectured (boringly) straight out of his text book and so most of the material could be learned by reading the text book. very egotistical, and presented tests which seemed to be more about trick questions, than actual test of knowledge,1.5,3.0
Professor Brym makes my day!!!!!!!!!,5.0,3.0
Why did I even bother taking this course?. Didn't like it one bit. I mean come on, all 100% multiple choice tests and exam? Pretty uselss i must say...,2.0,3.0
Egotistical, rude, and unhelpful. Tests less about knowing the material and more about tricking the students.,1.0,4.0
Helpful anytime I needed it. Updates course website frequently. Lectures are structured very well. Perhaps a list of the major points and objectives of the lecture at the beginning would be helpful. Excellent!,5.0,3.0
Excellent professor. The class really changed my perspective on our world.,4.5,3.0
He teaches well but everything is so scripted. He reads off his notes at the podium as if he wouldn't know what to say if he didn't have those aids. I don't like listening to his lectures, they put me to sleep.,2.5,3.0
No Comments,3.0,4.0
Interesting and informative course.,4.0,3.0
Loved sociology. Everybody should have to take it... makes better people. Brym lectures very well but is not the most helpful. Overall a great course.,4.0,2.0
Wonderful speaker, could have been a politician in another life . . .,5.0,2.0
Outstanding, intelligent Prof. Best first-year course. No regrets.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
great prof!,5.0,2.0
great!!!,5.0,3.0
Has very interesting examples and knows how to teach the basics of sociology,4.0,2.0
He's a really good professor and the lectures are really interesting.,5.0,3.0
Prof. Brym has made learning about sociology fun and interesting. I would highly recommend anyone who is interested in learning about how the world works to take this course.,5.0,2.0
very clear, articulate. Soc 101 gave me a very different way at looking at macro situational factors, as well as how to analyze them. would definately retake.,5.0,2.0
i liked the prof, but the material covered was a bit basic/self-evident.,3.5,2.0
Really opened my eyes. The material covered is excellent ! I sometimes feel that the lectures do not add so much to the material in the book. Very good lecturer, good sense of humour. Very happy I took this course.,4.5,4.0
Good course, a real eye-opener. I thought Brym taught it pretty well too, though the tests stressed too much memorization as opposed to understanding.,5.0,3.0
Managed a 1500 person class well. His knowledge and enthusiasm for sociology was really absorbed by the students.,5.0,3.0
great course, great prof,5.0,3.0
writes his own book EVERY YEAR, killed me and my brothers, what to do with the books?,3.0,3.0
I have not been class in months becuase I fall asleep to the sound of that man's voice.....thank god his tests are so easy and there are summaries available online for his text book.,2.5,1.0
2 words: boring and egotistical,2.5,3.0
Unhelpful, egotistical, and biased.,1.0,1.0
drop this course b/c of him...wasted of money and time,1.0,3.0
BORING, he barks at students (cellphones) he's rude and against us mark wise,2.5,4.0
He's a pretty decent professor, but he is too high on himself & has too much ego,2.5,3.0
Great sense of humour, interesting material, fair tests, approachable...,5.0,2.0
how can you respect a guy who makes you buy his text book and then reads from it,2.0,3.0
interesting lectures, intelligent prof, love this class,5.0,3.0
Boring Lectures,,3.0,4.0
he's alright. speaking to 1500 students ain't easy.,3.0,3.0
very interesting lectures, however he can be bias at times,4.5,3.0
I found out that sociology was more than this!,2.0,3.0
100% multi. coice tests - always against the student!,3.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
why does he try to be cool?,2.0,1.0
A+,5.0,3.0
personally, i think hes funny and very knowledgeable... kind of im right but..,2.5,3.0
reads his notes all class, ...EZ to sleep in class,2.0,2.0
Terrible Prof, attitude problem - new text every 2 yrs to make $$ off students,1.0,3.0
JAR OF PEPPERS!,5.0,3.0
totally hot,5.0,3.0
He did NOT lecture from the book. Those who say he did must have got F.,4.5,4.0
extremely interesting,5.0,3.0
interesting material, but he regurgitates the text in lectures. kinda cocky,3.0,4.0
An awful, awful man.,2.5,3.0
Interesting and dynamic professor,5.0,3.0
boring and didactic, his class was huge and he handled it badly.,1.5,1.0
YEAH,5.0,2.0
cocky, repetitive (lectures=readings), testing method is absurd,3.0,2.0
Tests are hard, he is good but way to cocky,3.5,3.0
great,5.0,3.0
the course could have been more interesting if the prof wasn't boring.,1.5,4.0
FANTASTIC PROF,5.0,3.0
very cocky prof. tests were written very unfairly, they were way too specific!,2.5,3.0
Loved this class. Great teacher, one of my favs. Made me go into Sociology.,4.0,2.0
kewl prof, interesting class, can get an A if u read the text &attend lectures!,4.0,3.0
Horribly dogmatic (re: sociology & his course); rather repetitive, too,2.0,3.0
Brym takes the TTC!! Wow!! He really DOES care about the environment!!,4.5,3.0
not apporachable, and choices of ta's questionable,2.0,3.0
Tests are too picky and detailed. They dont reflect those "broad concepts",4.0,2.0
Great course, interesting and an easy A+,5.0,1.0
He's a great teacher, his lectures are really interesting but his tests are hard,4.0,3.0
a little too obnoxious for my liking...too full of himself,1.0,3.0
Good lecturer. Bird course~~,5.0,1.0
thanks for the early days when hockey or basketball is on!! You rock!,3.0,2.0
very entertaining and interesting lectures. If you come to class and read: A+,5.0,2.0
ehhh,2.5,3.0
appears to think the world revolves around him and his book,1.0,4.0
The guys is so full of himself and yes, his lectures are all out of the book,2.5,3.0
likes to read right out of his text book that he wrote... easy tests,3.5,2.0
good speaker. * Btw, Brym did not write the entire text!!!,3.5,3.0
he keeps the class interest quite high,3.5,3.0
great,4.5,3.0
if he wrote the text, why is he UNABLE to speak without notes? lectures=text,2.0,2.0
" YOU HAVE TO COME TO LECTURE AS IT WILL COVER THINGS THAT AREN"T COVERED IN THE,4.0,3.0
Extremely helpful and quite caring. Very organized.,5.0,2.0
Explains concepts well, and the tests are generally pretty straightforward,4.0,3.0
Efficient, well run lectures. Can be repetitive. Overall, easy and interesting!,5.0,1.0
Website is amazing! Test questions can be confusing!,3.5,2.0
Excellent prof, and the tests are easy if you study,5.0,3.0
The course and the lectures are really interesting but the testing method sucks!,3.0,4.0
Course and prof great.Tests should have tested more relevant things,format hard,3.5,4.0
very helpful prof., but tests are often unfair,4.5,4.0
He does a great job conveying the material, plus he's a tom jones lookalike.,4.0,3.0
The whole class is self-promotion and quoting from the textbooks (that HE wrote),2.0,2.0
HORRIBLE. I love Canadian history and he made me hate what he taught. If it was not for me teaching myself the topics through extra research, I would not have passes. He is very dry when it comes to his lectures. The assignments were very easy though. One thing he did well was assignments.,1.0,4.0
He does not use overheads, which makes his lectures a bit hard to structure in your notes. He also does not use online resources, which is frustrating. However, he is a classic prof: really intelligent, enthusiastic old guy who really knows his stuff. He speaks slowly and has a great lecture style. He was the reason I switched into History.,4.0,3.0
Did not do too well in the class because I messed up on the exam, but the class itself was a good class. The material was interesting and workload was light. You need to go to class and textbook reading is only required for the final. He doesnt use powerpoints so unfamiliar names and words can be tricks to spell. Overall a good class, but 4 hours,3.5,2.0
Sure the amount of reading was heavy - but it's a third-year history class, what did you expect? The quality of the readings are very high and manage to stimulate further thought and daily applicability. Rutherford has been teaching this course for years and knows his stuff! You may not get a 85 - but you'll get what you deserve, a thorough edu.,5.0,4.0
Rutherford is one of those profs at UofT who is determined to keep the class average low. I can't wait to see him retire.,2.0,4.0
Lazy, but likable. Assigns an excessive number of textbooks (including at least one of his own); mid-terms are based on a complete reading of one, and the rest do not come into play until the final. Fine speaker; heavily supplements lectures with audiovisual aids. TAs do all the marking (you will not blow them away) but B, B+ is easily attainable.,3.0,4.0
He doesn't explain enough in lectures, and expects you to write exam essays like take home exams. Too theoretical and unreasonable marker. Best not to take his classes if you need to get into grad school - you are not gonna get the grades you need from his classes.,1.5,5.0
His course on approaches to social history is stimulating because he one of the few profs in the department who is interested in theory. Sadly, theory dates quickly, so it can all become a period piece. There is a lack of structure, but it can make you ask questions that are useful in research. But there is no rigour here.,2.0,2.0
I don't know what everyone's talking about - Prof Rutherford is one of the best teachers I've ever had. His lectures are really interesting and well prepared, he's open to comments and he's generous with his knowledge. He also has a good sense of humour - I've never laughed so hard in a class. His ads are a bit outdated, but carefully chosen.,4.0,3.0
I enjoyed prof. Rutherford's courses very much: bbviously, I took more than one. I found the material both intersting and very challenging. Lectures were celar and well communicated and discussions always stimulating. Cutting edge readings and material. I got a great letter of reference, but th,4.0,4.0
Great class. One of two professors I actually admire and who inspired me to dive into the material head-first...asking myself deep and thoughtful questions that had me thinking into the wee hours some days..arrogant yes, but that's what I love about him. At least he autographed his book for us!,4.0,3.0
Seemed arrogant, really just a typical eccentric prof. Books were interesting, but useless until final exam. Refused to write letter of reference for so-called "unstellar" performance (B+). Very negative last impression of prof I started out,4.0,5.0
interesting material. kinda outdated with his videos and readings. the readings are VERY tough but interesting if you can get sense of them. didnt find him arrogant at all, actually quite approachable but a hard-ass about marks and inconsiderate abt marks,4.0,4.0
very lousy prof - course materials are years out of date (including his book, which you are forced to buy); no longer interested in teaching/research; ***IMPORTANT***: wrote undeserved negative reference letters for 4 of the top students in my class,1.5,4.0
i think his style of speaking just makes him seem arrogant, he wasn't mean or anything. But he does come across as intimidating. Good lectures, a lot of reading. Definitely fair. Can understand why people don't like him,3.5,2.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
a bit arrogant - locks the door, makes us buy his two of his books for class. he also requires students to read about 4 400 page books that he barely touches on in class. his lectures are pretty interesting though,4.5,3.0
Arrogant. Unfair marker. Biased.,1.0,5.0
Class Fri afternoons-students HAD to WANT to be there! Good call on his part!,5.0,3.0
great for students who actually enjoy thinking,4.5,3.0
Locks the door if you're late, won't open it. Not very nice.,1.0,5.0
thinks he's the king,1.0,4.0
bombastic!! you either love him or hate him-- i'm the former.,5.0,1.0
The course was pretty common sense, but interesting nonetheless.,3.0,2.0
Kass is great, she cares so much for her students. She even worked hard to take our class on a University paid trip to Venice, Italy. She is funny, outgoing, and genuinely smart. She is not easy and does not stream mainstream stuff. But, this is what makes her an amazing professor! She will open your mind and help you succeed.,5.0,3.0
Apart from being an extremely hard marker and all around authoritarian nut case, Kass Banning is a condescending sociopath who's fragile in-control-ego crumbles any time a student makes a tiny noise in class or dares come late. She's an absolute awful professor and human being, I am writing this 4 years out of my undergrad bc I still have PTSD.,1.0,1.0
Never take her class I swear you will regret it. I've tried taking her classes twice and I dropped both because she is not a good prof. Shes a horrible professor and very hard marker. She thinks she can control people and uses her authority to do so. Dont leave the class to go to the washroom or come late or skip shell yell at you. Worst experience,1.0,5.0
Yes, her lectures are dense and her syllabus theory-heavy, but Kass Banning is a knowledgeable and engaging lecturer. She's also a kind, approachable person with a genuine investment in helping students learn and explore their own interests,5.0,3.0
Never ever take a course with Kass Banning. She made a remark about a student's mental health very lightly and was rude and disrespectful towards student contribution. Everyone felt uncomfortable. Although her slides are easy to follow, she sometimes goes off topic and is very condescending . She requires students to sit in the front. Can't be late,1.0,3.0
Disorganized lectures and difficult reading material. Wastes lecture time to tell irrelevant stories and jokes only she thinks are funny.,1.0,4.0
Very helpful, but don't miss any of her lectures!,4.5,4.0
If you want to gain the most from taking one of her classes, make sure you've done intro to film, in addition to film cultures 1 and 2. Also, she's extremely caring and helpful when it comes to papers - if you need help, ask for it! Her lectures are interesting and take from the readings quite a bit, she does an excellent job of summarizing.,5.0,4.0
The course pack is interesting but her lectures are disorganized, she interrupts students, she doesn't clearly tie together readings+films+lectures and despite the class goal of countering eurocentrism she kinda falls into that trap sometimes.,3.0,3.0
Kass Banning is extremely disorganized in her lectures. She makes the students do useless presentations instead of actually teaching the course material herself as a professor should. She concerns herself more with asserting her power to fulfill her ego. Extremely upsetting that such a person has hi-jacked all the upper year courses,1.5,3.0
Very helpful and cares about students, but difficult material and lectures not terribly illuminating.,4.0,5.0
One of the best lectures I've ever heard came from Kass Banning. Quirky, but approachable and supportive.,4.0,4.0
Interesting course pack...but VERY difficult to get through. One of the biggest I've ever used; most of it was useless and made the course more confusing. Lectures were disorganized and often unfocused. Two hard midterms and an *impossible* exam!,2.0,4.0
She is a nice prof and helpful.Kass cares about her students. However readings were at times hard to understand, and readings were too long.,2.0,4.0
Incoherent lectures, constantly interrupts students. Dazzle her with fancy writing and ideas.,2.0,2.0
This is the most rude disrespectful prof I have EVER had. Her lectures are extremely hard to follow, and she is rude to all students who are simply trying to learn. I will never take a class with this prof ever agian.,1.0,5.0
Lectures tended to be hard to follow. Much better in discussion or one-on-one scenarios. Very knowledgable. Extremely nice, helpful and encouraging. Sad she's gone from UofT.,3.5,3.0
The tutorials were a mess--not very helpful at all. She tried to break down the material but was disorganised for the most part.,3.0,5.0
She is extremely critical and rude. Her classes are disorganized and her ideas are all over the place. Nobody ever knew what she was talking about, her lectures are a series of digression after digression. Awful. She was the worst prof I've ever had!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
She's funny! Course material isn't easy, but she genuinely tries to 'unpack' it for you in tutorial. Very bright woman. I like her quirks. Understanding, as well.,3.5,2.0
wonderful professor. cares about the students quality of learning. very knowledgable. she's my favorite prof in the cinema department.,4.5,2.0
She doesn't treat Barthes as the G-d. She is worthy of a hug, just for that!,5.0,4.0
Her disorganized lectures border on the comic. I second the thanks for Teresa.,2.5,3.0
mimesis. toasty. unpack. favourite words. thank GOD for Teresa Simm!!!,2.0,4.0
Fair and helpful. Most personable Prof in film dept. Highly recommended,4.5,3.0
caring teacher, earnest and helpful...HARD course material!!,4.0,4.0
Unpack. Tease out. Not a great speaker, but wonderful course material.,3.5,4.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
Film Theory is hellish - I was pretty much clueless for most of the year.,2.0,5.0
Funny, insightful, and fosters engaging in-class discussions with room for disagreements and new information. Offered very in-depth feedback on my final essay. Assignments were fun and not too heavy work-wise. I will definitely be taking a course with Professor Kalmar again if I get the chance.,5.0,3.0
Amazing Professor, clearly cares about the subject and loves teaching.,5.0,2.0
He was just bizarre. His grasp on history seems lacking and he often brings up points that are hardly relevant to the class. You have to go to class to take the weekly class quiz (which are always frankly odd as well with lots of hyper-specific questions). Its not a terribly difficult class, but its not a good one either,2.0,2.0
I had Prof Kalmar for How To Study Everyday Life and the only thing that was annoying about the class was the weekly quizzes. They are very easy though since they are on the week's podcast or reading and the previous class. He seems like a tough marker but graded the essays fairly and you only need to participate once a class.,4.0,2.0
Kalmar definitely gave everyone the resources to succeed in this course. His lectures were concise and interesting without being overly complicated. The final exam was was pulled verbatim from our weekly pop quizzes. Overall, he was a really sweet and funny guy, and the mid-lecture animal photos made my Thursday nights!,5.0,2.0
Tried hard to make lectures engaging online. Final test was easy considering it was the exact questions from the quizzes. I stopped doing the readings since almost all the content you need is provided in lectures with a few exceptions. The subject matter can be confusing but he's pretty clear on the answers he wants come test time.,3.0,2.0
This man is so precious with his poofy beard & you can tell he cares for the students even though everything is online and he barely sees us. The lectures were a bit content-heavy but it was all very interesting & he explained everything well. Do the weekly quizzes !! and keep track of the questions !! they're very likely to show up during finals!!,5.0,4.0
He is a fabulous prof! Though his lectures can be slow, he really explains concepts well, so do pay attention cause what he says is more important than what's on the slides. He also made online classes interesting by playing good music in many different languages and screen-sharing pictures of cute animals!,5.0,4.0
If I wanted to fall asleep I would watch one of his lectures. More boring than watching paint dry.,2.0,1.0
Amazing prof!! The way he structures his lectures enable you to have a firm understanding of the material. The majority of his exams questions are from the practice quizzes. But it is very important to pay attention to what he is saying instead of copying what's written on the slides.,5.0,2.0
So few assignments that my entire mark for the semester relies on 60 multiple choice questions with a one-minute timer for each that somehow covers everything we've discussed. Good lectures but impossible test to hold that much weight.,2.0,4.0
Hilarious prof who tries hard to engage his students,5.0,3.0
Stubborn and initially wanted to make online exam only 1 hour long instead of the regular 2 hours. Makes jokes during class but his boring, mind-numbing readings and his socio-cultural section of the course was the worst out of the 3 sections in my opinion. Even learning about corn was more interesting. Respectively, his rants made no sense,2.0,4.0
Kalmar is one of the least caring professors I had in my first year at UofT. He takes forever to respond to emails and when he does they come off as very passive aggressive. He shows a lack of care for the success of his students and is inflexible with assignments. I would not recommend taking his course.,1.0,3.0
He really cares about his students and does not try to rush content into each lecture. You can see that he really enjoys what he does and attempts to make lectures as interactive as possible with such a large class. Nothing is posted online so it is best that you go to the lectures. Overall great prof.,5.0,2.0
Prof Kalmar is an easy marker but make sure you follow his very specific criteria for every assignment. It doesn't help that he isn't clear in stating his expectations. However, if you ask him a question after class, he will explain. The course itself is very broad and very easy. He expects the discussions to reflect his (oftentimes rigid) views.,3.0,2.0
grading criteria were kinda vague. Kalmar wasn't super interested in other people's views of the world & has some quite rigid views on gender norms & similar topics. class was easy but I wouldn't say I looked forward to the discussions or the assignments. all in all, an okay class that boosts your GPA but that Idk if I would take again.,3.0,2.0
The most boring prof out of the three. His lecture slides are pretty much useless with only like 2 lines of information so you have to be a good listener to be able to pick anything up. He is funny sometimes but there was some talk about him being a little politically incorrect and non-inclusive when it came to lecture content,2.0,3.0
Professor Kalmar can, at times, present a challenge for students. Most of the time, his tests are remarkably easy, but read like trivia quizzes. He tends to request student work that resembles his vision of the material and the world, and if the student fails to conform to this vision, they can often be marked down.,2.0,4.0
The main theme of his course is that everything is a social construct. The topics for the assignments are about who is allowed to play hip hop.,2.0,3.0
Very funny and knowledgeable guy. The content for this course is quite broad, which can be intimidating, but he strives to keep it open and let the student's discussion guide the specifics of what we learn. Much of the mark is determined by tests which are heavy on facts, but the essay is also open and gives you a chance to explore your interests.,5.0,4.0
"How to study everyday life" was such a great course! All the required readings were fun podcasts, and the only major assignment was a short essay. Very engaging, interesting man to listen to. Just read and follow all the instructions on his website. Definitely want to take another one of his classes.,5.0,1.0
Gives quizzes every week on podcasts you must listen to. The questions are very specific so if you dont take notes you will probably fail them, theyre worth 50% of your grade. He doesnt provide good feedback on papers and gives you little criteria to follow when writing them.,3.0,3.0
How to Study Everyday Life was the most interesting course I took in first year. Prof Kalmar facilitates the seminars and workload is extremely light, as you only need to listen to a 30-min podcast every week. Be prepared to speak up and discuss in class. The topics are always super fun and quite intellectually stimulating. Highly recommend!,5.0,1.0
An interesting guy. He'll get the information across to you, and give you all the tools you need. The textbook reading he gives you aren't really necessary for the final; however if you skip a lecture, you'll have a tough time catching up. He's nice, smart, and doesn't make beginning anthropology impossible.,3.0,4.0
He's definitely a tough cookie, but I really enjoyed his class. I know a lot of people who loathe him, but I think he's pretty great. He was always nice in office hours, and he kinda reminds me of a grandpa. Kalmar gives solid feedback, and his criteria is always clear. Just put in some solid effort and you'll be fine.,4.0,4.0
He's a pretty good prof,3.0,3.0
Really funny guy, awesome class, relevant to our life today! Exam was multiple choice (as well as the midterm) and was decently difficult (it's sociology-like terms so there's a lot of similar options and multiple answers seem right). No textbook, readings are not important, seriously just attend class! His lectures are fun! One of my best profs,5.0,2.0
How to Study Everyday Life: bird course but a lot of fun. Purely discussion based with brief multiple choice quizzes based on previous lecture. Those are worth 50%. Literally no readings, just fun podcasts you had to listen to. Kalmar welcomes all ideas and really makes you feel comfortable in the small setting class. Thought provoking class.,5.0,2.0
GIRL, LET ME TELL YOU I LOVE THIS MAN! He doesn't post lecture slides, HOWEVER, he is the funniest prof i've had. So smart and engaging. A SILVER FOX!!!! 10/10 would recommend. I had a 6-8 lecture and would always show up to see his beautiful face.,5.0,1.0
Attend class. Readings can help but are skippable if needed. Funny lectures, content is relatively interesting.,4.0,2.0
The content, in my experience, was pretty random but enjoyable. Often the course material was quite relevant to daily life. Kalmar is great at creating conversation in the classroom. For future students: follow his expectations and rubrics to a T. This is how you will do well with him. Also, he runs marathons????,4.0,3.0
Prof Kalmar is one of the best lecturers I've had so far because he keeps things really interesting, has helpful visuals (slides), and he's hilarious! Make sure to go to the lectures because a lot of the content on the final will be based on specific parts in lectures. He's very approachable if you're struggling with the content or have questions!,5.0,4.0
Loved him!,4.5,2.0
Not all my classmates will agree, but I will forever credit Professor Kalmar and his Vic One course for why I pursued a degree in the humanities. While I was moping about some other courses and questioning my decision to go to university, every class with Kalmar was memorable. His website also had loads of useful tips on academic essay writing etc.,5.0,2.0
hilarious and super friendly! knows a lot about his area of study; also took his HOW TO STUDY EVERYDAY LIFE first year seminar class - loved it! he took into consideration that some students just can't learn well with dull readings, we had podcasts instead, it was awesome!,4.0,2.0
Mr Kalmar is a good professor. His lectures are easy to understand and there were no surprises on the exams. Also a fair marker. His ANT100 course is heavily based on lecture materials as opposed to readings, so attendance is necessary.,5.0,3.0
Interesting professor with a lot of knowledge in his area. Turned an otherwise dull area of learning (socio-linguistics) into an interesting and fun area of study.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Ivan Kalmar is hilarious. He always takes the time to make lectures interesting for the students and uses examples to make things clear for the students, even if the content (Socio-Linguistic Anthro) is dense at times.,5.0,3.0
:),4.0,3.0
The how to study everyday life course was by far my favourite class in my first semester of university. Not too heavy of a course load, and Mr Kalmar makes each class so interesting. Great and fun prof! Try and get into Sii!,5.0,2.0
His discussions are too irrelevant for my liking. You are expected to repeat his ideas exactly, even though most of his questions are more opinion based. Your comments are seen as irrelevant and he will talk over you if he disagrees. He can be funny, but most people in my class just laughed at his incorrect historical accounts. TERRIBLE.,2.0,2.0
He tried really hard to make the class interesting and identified pretty well with the students.,3.5,3.0
Absolutely amazing prof, lectures were interesting and of a completely different style. Beware that notes are not big in this class and you should definitely attend lecture!,4.5,3.0
Kalmar is extremely biased, it's either his way or the highway. Learn this on the first day. I went to his office hours for help and he assisted me. When I got the assignment back he gave me a horrible mark. Many students liked him, but we all agreed his interpretation of historical events were bizarre (sometimes even 'wrong' I daresay).,1.5,4.0
He was a funny person but very opinionated. The course was kind of easy but very boring :\,1.5,2.0
LOVE HIM! not a fan of anthro, but when he lectured i never missed a class,. Makes class funny and interesting.,4.0,3.0
Had him for my VIC one course! Very friendly and funny. Interesting course work. Overall nice experience! I'd like to have him as a professor again some day.,4.5,2.0
Kalmar is so friendly and personable, it's hard to believe he's a prof! Sure, he's not the most organized lecturer, but he cuts students a lot of slack (as long as you don't totally slack off!). He's very fair and more than reasonable. Good at provoking discussions, fun class all around. Definitely recommended.,4.0,1.0
Excellent course. Kalmar is a dynamic and passionate teacher, and is adept at making theorists' (Zizek, Lacan, etc) abstract concepts accessible and interesting even to the uninitiated student. Highly recommended!,3.5,4.0
In my 3 years at UofT this was by far the worst course I have ever taken. The syllabus looks incredible, but don't be fooled. Kalmar likes to introduce controversial subjects, state that none of what he is saying is his personal opinion, offer a wiki worthy overview of the subject, and leave students infuriated and uninformed.,1.0,2.0
Very interesting and entertaining. He went out of his way to attract us to the course material. I did not enjoy his required readings, but regardless, he is a very strong educator and I enjoyed all of his classes.,3.0,2.0
The course is too random and obscure for my liking. Also, on his tests you expected to answer exactly his viewpoints. Easy marker though. Overall, boring course.,4.0,1.0
I love this man. He is the NICEST person ever. His class wasn't very structured, but that was the entire point of this class. We were meant to flner through 'the quagmire that is history' learning things. And that is what we did. Great class.,5.0,2.0
Prof. Kalmar is quite simply the best professor I've had at my 4 years at UofT. ANT323 is such a fun course and trust me, after a year of it you won't look at anything the same way again.,4.0,3.0
Words can't express how boring, incoherent and irrelevant his lectures are.,2.0,3.0
Would have much preferred Danesi over Kalmar. This guy was extremely unprofessional and some of the errors he made can't just be swept-aside under the preconception that English is his second language. Even the textbook he wrote is full of basic errors, like missing periods and words. However, he is a fun professor.,2.5,3.0
He can't teach and everything he says and teaches deals with very subjective things, yet he's trying to tell the students the way it "should be" from his own perspective rejecting the students' opinions totally.,1.5,5.0
Kalmar is by far my favourite prof at UofT. He is open to class discussion and enjoys thought provoking discussion. Even a day before the exam he took the time to talk to me and help me with some confusing questions. (If he gives you a set of questions to prepare for the exam, study them- you will do fine). Amazing, nice, charismatic, charming!,4.5,2.0
Mr. Kalmar is the sweetest man ever. Asides from his charming personality, Mr. Kalmar is also able to teach his students to think of things in a whole new way. Truly the best class I have ever taken.,4.0,3.0
His jokes were useless because it did nothing to add to course content and what he was teaching. He did a poor job of explaining concepts, and often made it more confusing than it really is. He stuck to examples from the readings, which is sometimes unclear in itself, and did not provide any additional examples to clear up concepts.,1.0,3.0
his lectures were always engaging,5.0,2.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
This prof was not helpful in anwsering student questions. He also marked on a bell curve to get a certain class average as he felt marks were too high or too low - he gave extra marks (to raise the average) on one test; he took away marks thru a negative marking scheme (minus marks for wrong anwsers) to lower the average on another test,1.5,5.0
One of the best profs I've had in my 4 yrs. His courses have been very enlightening! The atmosphere he creates welcomes discussion and differing opinions. He makes a tremendous effort to be helpful and to accomodate students as much as he can. Definitely recommend his courses!,4.5,3.0
I've had professor Kalmar for three courses now, and he has been one of the best professors I've had in my four years. ANT426 was a course I learnt more from than most of my courses at this university. He has strong opinions and yet is very open to suggestion and is flexible, welcoming student input. I'm confused by the negative ratings!,5.0,2.0
He is the WORST I've ever had. Tests are marked in unfair way, not available what's so ever for help, not even interested to help when you need one! I mean, he didn't even reply to my e-mails/phone calls, or my guidance counsellor's, when we needed to talk to him, although he was in campus! He does not do his job right. STAY AWAY!,1.0,5.0
Professor Kalmar may seem funny at first, but in reality, he has very little grasp of the popular culture environment today. In addition, he's very grumpy and doesn't like people all too much, which makes him a miserable professor. The subject matter could have been interesting, but his attitude made it boring. Stay away.,1.5,3.0
hey this guy is not bad at all....he's prob. one of the best prof. i had and the best at UT. he has some ideas that can be considered at the very least very intresting.,4.5,2.0
I hate the pretentiousness of this professor. His test are very easy but the negative marking scheme kills it. If he is so worried about having a high class avarage, I think it would be much more suitable to have one essay final exam and an in-class essay midterm. Really crappy attitude in person.,1.0,3.0
VERY tech. oriented. Relates ideas well. Not scared to explore controversal topics. Easy tests. Expects a lot in essays. Over all good teacher. (dont know where hes from),3.5,2.0
I was looking forward to this class so much (spent a lot of time trying to get into it since it was full, arranged my schedule around this class) and then it turned out to be one of the most disappointing classes I've ever taken.,1.0,3.0
very interesting class but on tests he takes off 2% on every wrong multiple choice question. unfair i say!,3.0,3.0
you only need a day or two to review for the exam!,3.0,2.0
His test is tough!,2.5,4.0
the material is really interesting, but the prof kills it- spends more time playing with audio/visual equipment than teaching and that tends to be the highlight of the class,2.0,3.0
excelllllllent,5.0,2.0
His views on hiphop are interesting, on midget**** even more interesting, and on orientalism the most interesting. I would recommend any class with this man.,4.5,3.0
NO ONE knows where this man is from. His accent is like a mix of every language there is...(make's sense cuz he's a linguist) He was a funny man and it was entertaining just to listen to him speak. He knew his stuff and the reading was light.,2.5,1.0
Great!!1,4.5,3.0
So... he sounds Russian or something. Where's he from? ;-),4.0,3.0
He doesn't care when during class I make loud anoying comments and occasionally the random barnyard noise. Unlike Coupland who wished I wasn't in his class... grr,5.0,1.0
He's funny! (But sometimes very, very strange...),3.5,3.0
very engaging, sometimes not structured enough, but classes are always enjoyable.,4.0,2.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
Ivan Kalmar is the best! I can`t believe anyone could diss him, everything that he says is hilarious! and he always uses funny personal stories, I signed up for this class because I loved him so much in ant100. Yay Kalmar!,4.0,2.0
Sometimes too uncertain -- often paused or revised while lecturing, which could be confusing. Knowledgeable. Could be dull when fumbling, but on the whole fairly interesting, funny. LIN200 taken earlier was big help.,3.5,3.0
I did not like Kalmar at all. His lectures were extremely boring and drawn almost completely from his own book, even examples. He also had a habit of putting random things from lecture on the exams, so pay attention in class!,1.0,3.0
Don't judge the reading by it's size- do it!! Prof. Kalmar was very good at engaging a large class (Con Hall) and trying hard to use examples and make sure that everyone understood. He put a lot of effort into the class, he's not a bad prof,4.5,2.0
good teacher, but he basically just talked about his book therefore going to lecture was unnecessary. course was easy.,3.5,2.0
People who were in the course said that last year Kalmar was a good teacher. I found that he was sometimes funny, but I didn't grasp any of the stuff that he was teaching. Also the reading for his section was small, but hard to learn.,2.0,3.0
His interest and enthusiasm reflects onto his students. Exam was easy because he taught so throughly,5.0,2.0
His courses changed the way I see the world - also he is funny as hell -best prof I ever had,5.0,1.0
Definatly an easy professor,he knows his stuff,but when asked to illustrate with real life examples,he loses his edge.doesnt seem to understand teenage culture today. irritating!I also find hes very quick to dismiss students comments in a semi-rude manner,3.5,1.0
Prof. Kalmar is one of the best prof's I've had at this university: eloquent, humane, and learned.,5.0,2.0
Kalmar is a goodlooking prof, I have to admit. He's VERY easy. SO SO SO VERY easy, however, a bit unfair. An hour before the last test, he announced he would take minus marks off for every wrong answer from right. GRR!!! :( But great prof, really funny!!,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Kalmar is the best prof I've ever had and one of the most intelligent and competent individuals I've ever met. It's true: he's funny, but more than that, Kalmar makes whatever he's discussing interesting and serious. Highly recommended.,4.5,2.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Kalmar is the greatest, that is all.,5.0,2.0
So funny! A great lecturer, very eay to understand the material. A bit repetitive. Very interesting!,5.0,1.0
He's hilarious,4.0,4.0
Kalamar, I love east European accents!,4.5,2.0
makes a boring subject interesting. sexy bc reminds me of jeremy irons,5.0,2.0
extremely hilarious, organised and enthusiastic,5.0,1.0
No Comments,3.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,4.0
Enthusiastic, intelligent, caring, and yes, sexy,4.5,2.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
good material, well taught,5.0,3.0
so interesting! made me see things in a completely different way,5.0,1.0
He's good but gives WAY too much information,4.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
A really easy teacher, he explains things really well, and his test was easy,5.0,1.0
hated the subject matter, liked the law and order episode,4.0,2.0
Funny and well organized!,4.0,2.0
enjoyable,5.0,1.0
Funny Guy....can't decide if it's the accent though..,4.0,2.0
Really funny professor - Class was always fun - Doesn't kill you on the exam,4.5,2.0
No Comments,4.5,1.0
he's so funny!! makes lecture fun,4.5,1.0
boring class, fun prof,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Linguistics was very interesting....and ALOT of fun! Kalmar is the BEST!,4.0,2.0
I've never not had fun in his classes,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Funny, clear, and concise. Overall good professor.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
interesting, fun teacher,3.0,3.0
Professor Kilar made a class that could have been very boring actually interesting and fun. His papers and exams are very self explanatory, and they may be a bit hard, but thats college!,5.0,2.0
I had him for History of Michigan. The class wasn't really what I was expecting. Focused mainly on the indians. He definitely knows a lot about history. However, I don't think he graded very fair on papers (essay style).,4.0,4.0
This guy knows so much about history. Very knowledgable. He'll keep the class somewhat interesting with his enthusiasm, and sidestories. Tests are kinda hard, but overall not a hard class. Highly recommended.,4.5,2.0
He loves history and really knows his stuff but focuses on parts of history that aren't usually focused on, like Frederick Jackson Turner and WWI. Stay on top of your essays. Tests are pretty easy as long as you prepare with what he gives you. Definitely lets his political preferences shine through. Democrat.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Kilar is a great professor. Very clear about what he wants, and ver interesting to listen to. Very passionate about history. I would recommend for sure,4.0,3.0
Delta college is very blessed to have Dr. Kilar as a teacher. He knows his stuff and its never hard to pay attention in class. I think hes pretty funny aswell. He is fair and the work is not hard if you apply yourself. One of my best teachers by far.,4.5,1.0
With out Kilar's Michigan History class I would still be searching for a career. He gave me the much needed insperation to set goals and stick with them.,5.0,3.0
He was intersting and it was a class I liked to attend.,3.0,3.0
Class is fun and interesting. Definitely knows his stuff! Is an easy A as long as you pay attention, take notes (which are easy), and do the assignments he gives out(also easy). Def recommend,4.0,1.0
I was at Delta in 2003-2004. He was my best professor other than Dr. Chuadory. They knew what they were talking in class and were always well prepared for their classes. I also took a course in sociolgy from a guy who was so strange as was the woman in psycholgy.I had to drop psych class as she was just a waste of time.,5.0,3.0
I enjoyed taking Kilar's class. He had strong points of view on many things, including current events, but listened and considered student's view points as well. I enjoyed the format with little homework, and essay tests. As long as you take notes, listen in class and read assigned material, you'll do well.,5.0,2.0
Great teacher. Took use to the creek on the first day. he made michigan history fun. Easy tests, no really long essays,5.0,1.0
He is the best! Got an A in the class and I hate history. For this class we didnt even use the book 1 time so I wouldnt buy it unless something comes up and you absolutely have to. All of the exams are all essay but you should be ok as long as you take good notes. He's awesome!,5.0,2.0
Kilar is the best history teacher at Delta & 1 of the best I've ever had. I had him for Recent American 222, and MI History 237 (his specialty) and got A's both times. Lectures are amazingly informative; he knows his stuff. If you pay attention, the tests shouldn't be hard. He wants you to use the book to read, but I barely needed to. Great class!,4.5,1.0
If you need to take HIST 211 take it with Mr. Kilar- he rocks!,5.0,2.0
good teacher... little off the wall but most history teachers are! Good class for history majiors,4.5,2.0
This was the second class I have had Jeremy for and it just cements in my mind that he is the best prof at Delta. Do you work, pay attention, take good notes and you will pass. He never loses you and is very interesting. Take my advice, take Kilar!,4.5,2.0
Awesome teacher! Must read book and attend class to get an A.,1.0,2.0
not the most outgoing teacher, he tries. damn good lectures, interesting ones they are. always adds stuff that the book wouldn't tell you that are interesting.,4.0,2.0
One of the best history teachers I have had,4.5,2.0
AWSOME PROF. knows SOOOOOO much about michigans history and made class fun and exciting. would recomend to everyone, class work is pretty easy, take the 3 credit option its easy to earn.,5.0,1.0
Finally! A good history professor at Delta! History is my minor, so I have taken quite a few history classes here, and he is the best one by far. He teaches a very passable class, and is a very interesting person to listen to. He knows his stuff! I liked him so much I signed up for another one of his classes in the fall!,4.0,1.0
Loved the freudian slip on 3rd entry (teats instead of tests!) Fun teacher and lots to learn.,2.5,4.0
I liked the class and learned SO much. Lectures often go long, but are fairly interesting. It is important that you attend class because everything on the test is often only covered during lecture (you can't get it from the book!). Dr. Kilar knows a lot about history and gets pretty excited about what he is teaching. Nice guy!,4.0,1.0
He makes you think about your roots and think about the events of Michigan history. Bring the history alive. This class was a lot of fun.,5.0,3.0
All Lecture notes are extactly what're on the teats. Fun guy,4.0,4.0
I took this class b/c I saw he had good ratings- but god were these pple wrong! Is rude & very uninteresting. Lectures whole class & doesnt promote class discussion. Turned me off of History completly! Tests r all essay & is very picky. I know I could have passed class w/ an A if i had a diff. instructor. DO NOT TAKE! There r better inst. @ Delta.,2.0,3.0
Awesome teacher. He made history fun, tests were all essay, but he would give you the questions a week or two in advance so you would have time to make note cards to use on the tests. I would definetly recommend him to anyone who doesn't remember names and dates.,5.0,1.0
very cool dude. Is really interested in the students and makes comments on papers. Very interesting lectures and topics. very highly suggest.,4.5,2.0
Very enthusiastic and extremely smart instructor. Even if History isn't your thing, you will enjoy this class. Very limited points to earn, so make sure to take the tests and projects seriously. For the 3rd credit hour project, do not procrastinate or you wil be sorry! Fun class and excellent instructor.,4.5,2.0
More enthusiasm than most teachers I have had. His dry sense of humor is hilarious. Lectures were very interesting and the projects worthwhile. I would love to take other classes with this professor.,5.0,3.0
Good teacher but scatter brained. One minute he talks about one thing and cahnges to a totally different subject. Hard to take notes that way, but make sure you take notes in class, have 3 tests 3 projects and projects are easy he has maps on the tests which are somewhat difficult so study where important things occured. But he is a very smart,3.5,2.0
He knows what he's talking about, but his lectures are kind of boring. He tries to liven them up with slides and maps and the occasional movie. His grades are based on 3 tests and 3 projects. The projects are actually kind of fun, and the tests aren't that bad. If you have the project class, make sure to start the project early!,4.0,2.0
He is a very smart guy that I swear knows every possible thing about Michigan. He made things interesting to learn. A little bit of a dry personality though.,3.5,3.0
This guy knows what he is talking about, a little self absorbed he is a good teacher.,4.5,2.0
For an older professor this guy is hot. History is a difficult subject but we had our fun times as well as education in his classroom. Love him in those green pants.,4.0,2.0
He was a great teacher, I am going to take another class taught by him next semester. He knows his histroy and communicates it great to his students. He only has 3 assignments, but they are SO fun, and didn't even feel like homework! I would take every class with him if I could!,5.0,1.0
excellent professor and very interesting lecturer who truly knows his subject matter.,5.0,3.0
He is VERY smart, knows all about history. I hate history and had a very hard time, but his handouts and lectures fill in everything. He gives you the exam questions ahead of time, no reason you cant pass if you put a little effort.,5.0,2.0
boring but still a good teacher, easy to follow and he doesn't expect too much of you,4.0,3.0
No Comments,3.5,2.0
Knows the subject well. I enjoyed the class very much. Read the book and handouts and study the notes and you will do fine on the tests. The outside class assignments take some time but if you put forth the effort you will do fine.You will get out of the class what you put in.,4.0,3.0
I hear he has lost his touch. Getting old is the pits. History is not neverneverland. He once was hot. He wishes for the best but cannot deliver it.,1.0,3.0
This class was easy.,4.5,1.0
Excellent, Knows stuff. Detailed Lectures, all one needs is to take good notes. Played basketball/him couple years ago. Well? Heard he played for Syracuse Nationals? in old NBA? Teaches agressively.,5.0,2.0
He's a good teacher. He loves history. Tests are not too hard, papers are easy. I would reccomend him. Compared to other history teachers, he's great.,3.5,2.0
Good teacher. He gives you notes and then he gives you what questions are going to be on the tests. So just study whats on test and you will pass easily. Easy class. Take him. He likes his opinions over others. Easy class though. take it for a passing grade! Is boring though.,3.0,1.0
There is no respect to his students. He uses profanity to bring his points across. He seemed to find that the most interesting facts were of people dying. He is waaaaay too enthused by tombstones!!! I passed, but would not recommend him to any other student.,2.0,3.0
Good teacher knows his stuff! Very hard test! You must study hard and take good notes. Best part of this class is that he lets you use note cards on every test. TAKE GOOD NOTES and you will pass. Also do 25 point assignments well. And any extra credit as well.,2.0,4.0
He was really good. Alot of good information. Very interesting class to take. Except he tends to studder alot but if you like history take this guy.,5.0,1.0
MUST TAKE GOOD NOTES!!! notes are essential. know dates and names. tests are an easy format but everything comes from notes (and a little from the book). very dry but not bad overall,3.0,3.0
His tests are essays only. kinda scares people i think. Might be hard for people who dont have much background in history.,3.0,4.0
Is that all there is?,2.0,4.0
Dr. Kilar is a really good teacher...very smart, a well-respected prof. Tests are somewhat easy...had fun with assignments and gave some extra credit..do take!!,4.0,2.0
Mr. Kilar enjoys teaching but gets off on tangents and loses clarity. He is charming but preparation for a four year college is what he is paid for.,3.0,3.0
Very fair. Strait up. Be prepared to write and study. Gives good notes, but not great. Funny, easy going, fresh perspectives.,3.0,3.0
Anyone who didn't do well in class was not trying. His tests are fair, and gives xtra credit questions. Fun assignments. Better than taking it at SVSU for sure.,5.0,1.0
After spending a month in England with Dr. Kilar, made me a little wiser. He was a riot and always had something funny or cool to say. Had him for 222 also, was a hard class, but he was my favorite prof at Delta. He's fun to drink with too!,5.0,2.0
I thought he was great. I really enjoyed going to class and learned a lot about MI hist. I go to SVSU and hear people complain about MI hist. I just say how I loved his class. We did some neat projects. And lecture was interesting.,5.0,2.0
He really knows and loves this subject. Tests are a bit much as far as essays go, but they are still easy for the most part. I enjoyed the class, and although I hate Gov, he made it bearable.,5.0,1.0
his class was sheer hell. Very egotistical. He stutters, and falls off track from the original questions. He needs to take a speech class.,1.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Knows his stuff, fun to talk to and if you take the study abroad course, it's really easy and a lot of fun. I learned a lot from him and enjoyed hanging out with him.,4.5,2.0
Likes to lecture, but he knows his subject very well, and it will interesting to anyone curious about history. This class requires a fair amount of essay writing, but you'll have enough time to complete your assignments. He's pretty high strung, so if you,4.0,3.0
He is very interesting to listen to and the tests aren't not hard at all,4.0,3.0
Michigan History was a good class. Especially easy if you like essay questions. He looks great in those green pants.,3.0,4.0
I thought he knew his stuff until his book on Bay City's history came out. It contains several factual errors.,3.0,3.0
He is a cool teacher and I enjoyed his class. Even when cell phones went off in the class he would joke about it. His tests are easy especially when you get to have a note card for each essay test. I would highly recommend this class.,5.0,1.0
Great class & prof. I would take him again!,5.0,3.0
I did not care for this prof in any way, shape or form. Basically because I think the opposite way he does- he is very opinionated and I got the idea that if you don't agree with him-you're wrong. I'll never take any of his classes again.,2.5,3.0
I did not enjoy his class....tests were hard and the class was boring,2.0,4.0
decent teacher, was interesting,5.0,3.0
He is one of the best history professors there is, his tests are essays, he will give you the four essay questions a week before the exam, you are allowed to make a notecard for each one, on the test day there will be two essays on the test and you pick 1,4.5,3.0
didn't like him at all. He yelled at people if they had to leave a few minutes early or had an emergency.,1.0,3.0
This teacher is amazing, makes History very interesting,5.0,4.0
I don't know what to say. He is just the best proffesor I have ever had. I'd love to take all his classes.,5.0,1.0
He is a great teacher and has great buns in those green pants.,5.0,2.0
Great guy! All essay tests with the questions given a week before,5.0,1.0
Great teacher! His lectures are very interesting! I want to be a history major!,5.0,4.0
Good guy, lectures to you, not at you. All essay work but enough time to do it,4.0,3.0
Such a great guy! Makes it fun to learn!,5.0,1.0
if your looking for a great history story teller he's definetly it!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
Kilar is very intelligent and sexy and a great professor!,5.0,4.0
what a man,5.0,2.0
One of the wackiest teachers i have ever had.,3.5,1.0
I had Sarah in 1995. She inspired me with her stories. I was inspired to backpack through Europe, became a history teacher (which was my goal), and am now a middle school principal. I still remember Sarahs class and the impact she had on me because of her high expectations for learning. We need more Sarah Wileys in education!,5.0,4.0
Sarah is a great professor. Her lectures are very informative, and you need to take good notes. Study the notes and do the homework properly you should do well. Reality is, you need to out in work to do good in this class. You can't get away will doing nothing. People hate her because you actually need to put in the work. So put in the work.,4.0,3.0
I really enjoyed Sarah as a professor. Ive always liked history so the class was enjoyable to me. If you are taking this as an easy A, I would reconsider. Not horribly difficult but she is very particular with how she likes her information presented. The class is all lecture and the tests are long and lecture intensive.,5.0,2.0
I took this class online thinking it would be an online class but it wasn't online at all. Second week in she made us come to Delta for a mandatory orientation and if you failed to show up you would be dropped. All tests are taken in the testing center and there are a ton. Ask for feedback she'll be rude, don't ask for feedback you'll be lost.,1.0,5.0
Sarah Wiley's lectures seemed very informative and have details that most histories teachers just gloss over nowadays. However, she is very brutal and demanding of your school time. I came in wanting to enjoy a history class to expand my college experience but all i got was a tough lecture class with no chances for slip-ups in homework and tests.,2.0,4.0
Sarah was honestly one of the worst, if not the worst professor Ive ever had. From her overloading on homework, to her constant, way too quick lecturing, in which she expected you to catch every detail, to her straight up rude demeanor, I would NEVER recommend her, and Im thankful for anyone taking history that shes soon retiring.,1.0,5.0
It is great for future students that Sarah is retiring. She is the worst instructor I've ever had, hands down. I now have a PhD in History and want all to know she is how I don't design my class. What she did as an instructor I do the opposite.,1.0,4.0
Doesn't take questions during lectures, rambles on. Difficult exams. 4 throughout the semester(short answer, chronology, IDs and essay). Chronology is quite difficult, list of 30-40 events & you have to find when they were, then take a quiz the following week & won't know if you were right or wrong on hw. Expects too much. Will help if you need it.,2.0,5.0
Sarah was enthusiastic about history, but expected way too much from her students. Homework packets were literally 15 - 25 pages long per packet and you had to complete one every week. Tests were hard. They were all short answer and essay questions and no multiple choice. I love history and am actually minoring in it, but I hated this class.,2.0,3.0
Sarah is by far the best professor I've ever had! She has amazing lectures and you feel like you learned so much at the end of the semester. There are assignments that can take a long time to finish. The exams really do take three hours but they are so fulfilling if you pay attention and study. I truly loved this class and highly recommend 10/10.,5.0,4.0
I didn't listen to the reviews on Sarah and I wish I would've. I would not recommend this class to anyone. She is very condescending when asked questions, and will refuse to answer if she already covered the topic. Also her tests are extremely long, and admits it takes students at least 3 hours to complete them, which it did.,1.0,4.0
Worst Teacher ever, her class is mainly a lecture class. She is very fast pace through her lectures and doesn't like it when you ask question during her lectures. she starts to get really annoyed and rude if there are lots of question and has to spend a little extra time on something to further explain.,1.0,5.0
Sarah's Early American History class is amazing. If you're a Hamilton fan, you are in for a treat. I really enjoyed this course. Her lectures were very interesting and there is a lot of homework but if you put in the work, it's not that bad. 10/10 would recommend if you are willing to work for a grade. This class prepares you for university well.,5.0,4.0
Sarah is one of my favorite professors. Her class is lecture heavy and there is a lot of work, but you learn SO much. If you copy over your notes and review, the exams are easy. She is a wonderful lady and I would recommend her class to anyone.,5.0,4.0
Took this class because I needed the credits and figured that it sounded very interesting, as I am really interested in history. Unfortunately this class was not enjoyable at all. Sarah is extremely unreasonable when it comes to expectations and how she grades. I'm not one to complain, but this class was extremely painful.,1.0,4.0
Sarah was amazing in the passion and preparation that she put in her lectures. Don't take this class if you are aiming to just slide by. She challenges you to do your best, truly understand the material, and participate. She was the best professor I ever had.,5.0,5.0
Assignments for the online class are between 10 and 15 pages when completed and typed out and there are a lot of them. You must know ALL the information from every assignment to expect to get a good grade. 10 out of 10 would not recommend.,1.0,5.0
Wouldn't recommend taking her classes. She assigns too much homework, as if she is your only class. If you didn't take notes the way she wanted them, you're marked down points. She wants her opinionated version of historical dates, rather than the ones you remember from highschool. Miss class, you'll be dropped. Buy a recorder, lecture heavy..,1.0,5.0
This was one of the worst history classes I've ever had to take, this class made me lose any interest in history that I had. Even with recording her lectures you didn't get the necessary information for her quizzes or exams and asking her to slow down did nothing for how fast and sporadic her lectures were. I would avoid her at all costs,1.0,4.0
Lecture only class. Very strict on attendance, you miss a day, you miss a ton. Uninteresting reading, decently heavy homework load.,2.0,4.0
Sarah is very passionate about history and definitely makes you learn the material. She is VERY tough, though. I've never had to work so hard for a class in my life. Even if you think you did great on a test or paper, chances are it's a C in her eyes. She does care but the amount of work she gives is ridiculous.,2.0,4.0
This class is all lecturing. The professor is very passionate about history and loves what she teaches. The material is sometimes hard to understand so its impossible to slack off or you'll fail. Exams are very lengthy and involve hours of studying. Don't take this professor unless you're ready to work had for an A.,3.0,4.0
I love the way she lectures, she is very into what she is telling you and it makes the class interesting. The assignments aren't something you can do last minute and the exam did have a lot of writing but I found that if you listened to her and did all of the work, the exams weren't that hard.,4.0,4.0
DON'T DO IT. I don't even know how she became a teacher. She jumps all over the place on certain subjects and periods. She treats you like you are in high school, if you're late, she will either kick you out the room, or push you out (like she has done before to a student). Sarah expects paragraphs and paragraphs on every exam question.,1.0,5.0
Unless you are a die hard history fan, I wouldn't take Sarah. Her lectures are a mile a minute, and she expects you to write every word. She will constantly point out for students to write them down or you'll basically fail. Some students learn better if they just listen (myself included) and jot down key points. Expect bulks papers every 1-2 week,1.0,5.0
Sarah might be the worst teacher I have ever had. She goes up and spurts off stuff for two hours. She compares lecture to story time, she tells it, you write it. She is the hardest grader I have ever had. The tests are all essay, and if one of your things is wrong, pretty much everything is wrong. She is also quite rude during class.,1.0,5.0
Sarah is super passionate about history which can make the class fun, but she is an awful person to be teaching. She says she cares about "student success" but really she acts like she could really care less of us as people. She is extremely rude if you don't understand something. I came to her office hours to ask her a question and never went back,1.0,4.0
Sarah is a great teacher. Throughout the semester I felt like I could never keep up, but she stresses to copy over your notes and I believe that this small thing saved my grade. Pay attention, be on time, and keep an open mind. I'm not going to lie and say it was easy because it isn't, but if you do the very best you can I believe you will do fine.,3.5,4.0
She is very helpful and her exams are tough, but if you use her tips for studying, you should do fine.,5.0,4.0
The tests are not multiple choice! Make sure you're prepared when it comes to the tests and exams, those are the grades that make up your overall grade!,1.0,5.0
Usually I read these reviews and don't take them seriously because I think people just don't like to do their work. But I want to make students aware of how horrible this professor is, she is extremely rude and unprofessional. If you don't have exactly what she wants she marks them wrong. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS CLASS TO MY WORST ENEMY!,1.0,5.0
The class was interesting to listen to with her lectures but as far as her assisting with your questions, she does get sarcastic and doesn't seem very optimistic toward students. She does have a good passion and high expectations, but they were too high for me. I dropped the class bc I left crying too many times. I studied hard but it didn't help.,1.5,5.0
I took 2 classes with Sarah, and I've never learned more in my life. She's tough and she expects a lot, but she is incredibly enthusiastic about history. She wants you to do well, but she places her importance on learning--which is the point of college. If you put the time and effort into this class, you'll learn a lot and feel like you earned it.,5.0,4.0
You get what you put into this class. It's not an easy A, but it is an interesting class. I've had bad professors at delta, and Sarah isn't one of them. Wish I could of been able to take her American history class.,3.0,3.0
Worst teacher ever, Long homework assignments, Hard tests, Very degrading towards students, fails you on a assignment if you mess up one thing, sends grades through the mail so you never know how you are doing in the class , doesn't answer questions just responds with the answer "look in the book" , DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!,1.5,5.0
Sarah Wiley would be the worst professor I have ever came across at Delta. She doesn't understand that every student is different, she has previous students work and want everyones work to look like that. I don't thank many of the students in my class passed unless the stacked up to her. Worst class ever!!!!!,1.5,5.0
Least fun class I've ever had, very hard too. Wiley is not clear with the questions on all of the assignments, makes errors, and doesn't help when you email her. She leaves sarcastic, snooty remarks on the emails and on your graded work. Do not expect to do good because of how precisely she grades. I wish I would have known about this sooner. 010,1.0,5.0
Sarah Wiley is the worst prof. I have ever had at Delta. It is a college level class and she treats it that way but she is very confusing and does not clearly explain what she expects from you. I had to basically beg for help and when she finally did "help" me all she did was make me feel stupid because I did not understand. I would NOT recommend.,1.5,4.0
Horrible experience. Do not recommend.,1.5,5.0
she makes you watch tons of these boring videos and quote them word for word and when you say miss one word you fail the assignment,1.0,5.0
Does not answer your questions. Tells you what you got wrong on homework, but won't tell you what the right answer is. She is upfront with what she expects and homework is due every class.,2.5,3.0
Delta is known for going easy on students- I graduated from there and am now working towards my Masters at SVSU. If you don't like her style- you better drop out, because other colleges aren't like Delta. She makes you work for your grade but is there to help you- but it's YOUR responsibility. Took both her classes, best professor I ever had.,3.5,4.0
As much on everyone hates on Wiley, I truly enjoyed taking her online recent American history class. She treats the class like a college class, unlike many of the other professors at Delta College. She's so interesting to listen to and very helpful. If you're not willing to put forth effort, definitely do not take her class.,5.0,4.0
Excellent professor. She really cares about the subject; shes very knowledgeable about it. She can be strict but not to the point where she makes the class unenjoyable. She gives you a lot to read and write so be ready for that. Pretty easy grader though.,4.0,4.0
I took Early Western Civilization. Lectures were amazing, you really got to know the eras and people. Notes, my hand hurt after class. But the notes are golden! It prepares for the exam. One of the best professors at Delta. To all those who gave low scores, you must not of even did an assignment, were too lazy to actually study.,3.5,1.0
She wasn't 100 percent clear on what she wanted but expected you to know what she wanted. Will never tell you the correct answer, even if you've searched and cannot find it. Only gives out grades like 3 times a semester, so you don't really know how you are doing. More of an English teacher than history. Also she'll drop you for just about anything,1.0,5.0
Took both of Sarah's Early American&Early Western Civilization. I took these classes at the same time. In both classes be prepared to take notes like you never have before. Study these notes, too! If you are willing to talk to her, she is willing to help. But you must seek this attention. Both courses are challenging, but you will certainly learn!,3.5,5.0
Sarah's class is for the hard-working student who enjoys history. Her lectures are really engaging because she has a lot of knowledge and visited all the places talked about in class. Make sure to copy over your notes and practice the study guide she gives for each exam, it really helps. Remember to know the story. I would take her class again.,4.5,4.0
hard,4.0,4.0
SO MANY NOTES!!! Exams were super tough, I'm a Bio ,major and I was completely lost all semester. Never in her office so I couldn't get help from her outside of class. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.,2.5,4.0
Very intensive note taking class. very interesting subjects. art intensive. taking good notes and studying easy class to take. I still remember everything i learned from her class. love her teaching style even though she was very anal about thinks. all directions are clear for the assignments,4.5,3.0
Her lectures are confusing, she tells history out of order and then expects you to do chronology. If you ask her about dates she's completely unhelpful and says you should know. I was made to feel stupid when I asked questions. Would not recommend her for ANYONE!,1.0,5.0
Interesting teacher. Got high marks for doing the assigned work to the best of my ability. Slackers will not do well! Be ready to work and learn!!,5.0,3.0
She is a very difficult teacher. Lots of homework, lots of reading, and lots of lecture. You better become a master at taking notes if you wanna pass this class and study, study study. Learning lots but teaching style is very poor. Won't ever take one of her classes again.,1.0,5.0
She makes no sense, talks and does things way to fast, and is just not a very good teacher. I do not recommend her!,1.0,5.0
Sara Wiley is an awesome instructor! She is very detailed, and specific. Very easy on the eyes too!,5.0,3.0
Looking at a clock is rude! So she throws in life lessons while teaching. I saw nothing wrong with this. I sat in front, did my work as a student, easily got an a. No, it wasn't an easy a. I worked for it and was proud of the work and grades.,4.5,4.0
Sarah, is an incredibly tough grader. She piles on the work. This class was at least 50% of my stress and work load. She is very mean and very sensitive. She will yell at you for looking at the clock or yelling. She will make you feel like an idiot for asking a simple yes or no question for clarity. I do not recommend this professor to anyone.,1.5,5.0
I Love all aspects of history, in fact i was swaying on having a history major. Sarah Wiley was the first teacher I've experience that actually made me feel ashamed for asking a question. She also was the reason for why i do not pursue history as a major anymore. She is hard to keep up with taking notes, she goes WAY to quick!,2.5,4.0
Thank goodness I took this online, had I taken it in the classroom with this professor I would have failed. Her grading system is VERY subjective and the guidelines are never clear. I love history and this class made me question that. I would suggest finding an alternate professor if possible.,1.0,4.0
I loved Sarah so much I took both of the classes she teaches at Delta. Her classes are in NO WAY BLOW OFFS, they're all lecture, but as long as you're paying attention and taking notes, they can be extremely rewarding. She doesn't bs and doesn't take it either, so a lot of students don't like her, but she's honestly one of the best I've had.,5.0,3.0
I see a lot of people on here saying "don't take this class if you're not a hardworker!". No, don't take this class period. She is stuck in her ways and makes learning HER form of history as hard as possible. She is rude to students, and doesn't appreciate questions or comments. Don't look at the clock. Don't yawn. Just write and be quiet. BEWARE!,1.5,5.0
At one point in my life, I thought I liked history. Then I took this class. While I don't mind working hard, this class pushes the limits. I was present everyday, actively took notes, and even brought a tape recorder. Don't expect mutual respect. Half my class dropped by the second week. Her attitude is a beast.,2.0,5.0
Very Very Knowledgeable and passionate about history, Poor people skills at best. Repeatedly belittled students for questioning her, Brutal and can be unclear at times. LOTS OF LECTURE and it goes FAST, unless you don't ask questions or get lost in fast lecture I wouldn't recommend this instructor. Sensitive Students Beware!,1.0,4.0
I was very dissapointed by Sarah's conduct and the way she disrespected students. I don't mind putting in hardwork and there was defenatly alot of that but She was at times unclear and when I asked questions she was rude and unhelpful when I did not understand or did not catch what she was saying. WOULD NOT RECCOMEND THIS CLASS to anyone,2.0,4.0
I'm not sure why so many people thought this class was hard. Sarah gives every exam to you for a STUDY GUIDE! I have to agree though, Sarah is very unprofessional with the way she treats students.,2.5,4.0
Sarah inspired me not only to travel to Europe, but to pursue my graduate degrees in history. She is passionate about her subject, is well-educated, and teaches so that her students LEARN. Yes, there is a lot of work, but if knowledge is important to you, take her classes!,5.0,4.0
This class was REALLY hard. I spent 3 1/2 hours on the first exam... She seems to not care that college students have other classes based on the amount of homework and the super long exams. I had a few breakdowns because of this class. She can be rude... Whatever you do, don't yawn in front of her! She is one cranky woman.,2.0,5.0
She is a terrible teacher. She thinks she knows everything. I took this class last year and only passed because I made it my life. I have known lots of other people who failed this class. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. REPEAT. DO NOT!!!!!!!!!!,2.0,5.0
Worst teacher ever.,1.0,5.0
Before taking this class, I was terrified. After, all I can say is that Sarah Wiley is a brilliant and inspired professor. She will teach you the story of Early Western Civ. in hope that you will realize it's inpact on our lives. Work hard and be respectful, and you'll see that you might even miss this class.,4.5,5.0
She is an excellent professor, I think many of the people who complain about this course are simply not willing to do some work. She is extremely knowledgeable and friendly. If you plan on taking one of her classes as a blow off class do not, they require you to use your brain and apply your knowledge.,5.0,4.0
She is hard, but great.,5.0,5.0
Very hard class to pass. Listen close and take notes! Very rude and harsh, among other things. This class was very knowledgeable and she knows her stuff, but not easy in the slightest. Treat her with respect and she will do the same... maybe...,3.0,5.0
Nasty personality!,1.0,5.0
She was an amazing teacher, hard on the homework but it was well worth the experience,4.0,5.0
While Sarah Wiley is very knowledgeable on the subject of History, she lacks the ability to teach in an unbiased & non-opinionated matter. Her far left liberal views of religion, politics and taxes were just frankly annoying; not to mention her condescending manner if you disagree with her. It's difficult but I was able to receive an A.,2.0,4.0
yes she is intense,& not for the lazy or fain of heart. This class is life changing, if you listen to what she has to say you will leave truly educated on the subject matter, and have developed study skills that will make your college career easier in the long run. I know it seems silly but COPY over your notes and learn the value in doing so! <3,5.0,5.0
I think Sarah is an amazing professor. If you are the type of student who does not like to do a lot of work, then don't even bother. Her assignments help your grade in the end because you will actually be LEARNING something. Sarah's class was so fulfilling. I am so lucky I had the chance to take it.,5.0,4.0
This professsor was un-professional towards the student body. She treats the students like children and has no working understanding of what a History class is. She wants to teach History but thinks shes a writing teacher. Would not recmd to anyone and she needs to be removed as a instructor. Her image hurts the school to where she's teaching, 0%.,1.0,1.0
I HATED HER CLASS! Worst teacher I have ever had in my life, by far. If you don't know every answer she asks is class, she'll treat you like you're stupid. If I already knew everything, I wouldn't need to be here. DON'T TAKE HER CLASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! She's rude and in love with herself.,1.0,4.0
Had her for my first ever semester of college, nearly made me question if I was going to keep going! I now have my MBA. Makes a 100 level course way too hard, first exam I did was about 9 pages of an essay..got it back with a ? on it and a zero,1.5,5.0
Wiley is an extremely difficult teacher. If you take her class be prepared to take lots and lots of notes. Her tests are completely over her lecture so I suggest a tape recorder. Also don't think that her tests are going to be easy, I spent 7 hours on a test and wrote 15 pages and still got a c+ on it. :(,3.0,5.0
If you take this teacher then expect to take LOTS of notes and bring a recorder because that helps alot when it comes to "copying over your notes," a phrase you will be hearing constantly in class. Her assignments are long! But in the end she's a good instructor, just listen to what she has to say.,4.0,5.0
She nags about taking notes, her exams are long and strenuous, and the homework assignments are very lengthy. You learn quite a bit from this class, but don't expect to turn anything in late.,3.5,5.0
Sarah Wiley is a very strict teacher, but that is not at all why I don't like her. Her class is hard for a reason, and it actually helps. My problem is that she is completely up her own behind. She thinks she knows everything and will actually waste the students time to gripe to them. She is rude, obnoxious, and a very bad teacher.,2.0,5.0
Sarah is a very intelligent and knowledgeable person; she knows her stuff. She is clearly enthusiastic about teaching history. However, don't expect to pass this class easily. She grades hard and her exams are entirely essay-based, so be prepared for that. This class requires hard work, copious note-taking, and dedication to pull off.,3.5,5.0
Anyone can say all the negatives they want about her, but she knows her stuff. I was able to improve my grade from a D to a B by buckling down and studying hard. Thats the key in passing her class study your notes multiple times and do what she tells ya.,4.0,4.0
I sometimes come back and read the comments for this professor. Those who rate her negatively I have some advice: Welcome to the real world. Wiley is one of those professors that does not sugar coat, nor should she, and she is also not there to hold your hand. This is not high school. Don't expect an easy "A" handed on a silver platter.,5.0,5.0
She spends half her class time complaining that someone isn't writing down her every word. Her jokes are unfunny and frankly irratating. I can see why some teacher's pets might cling to her, there was one in my class, and it was frankly pitiful. I will never take any of her classes again, and I would not recomend them to anyone, not even an enemy.,1.0,4.0
To the comment below me, I am not a "lazy" student. I pulled a B in his 221. And i most of these comments are correct. She isn't a very good teacher. I love history and she focused so much on the dates and not the story behind them. She never explains anything or answer your questions!! I won't take her ever again!,2.0,3.0
I've seen nasty comments about her here & I think most are from lazy&whiny students. She works ya hard, harder than might be appropriate for a 100 level course (espec. the exams, which seem more for 200+ level courses). The knowledge you gain from her is well worth the effort. TAKE THIS CLASS if you're a good student, IF YOU ARE LAZY, stay away.,4.0,4.0
The worst teacher I have ever taken. Doesn't explain any of your mistakes and expects you to know everything in the class. AVOID THIS TEACHER!!!!!,1.5,4.0
This teacher is way to much into her history and her chronology. She "can" be helpful at times. If you take this class be prepared to work harder in this one class than all classes combined!,1.0,5.0
Sarah was my online instructor and I don't think that I have anything good to say about her. This class is self taught and she was very unhelpful. When I asked questions from her she was very rude, and I would NEVER recommend her. A lot of work had to go into getting a decent grade. I truly regret not looking at her review earlier.,2.5,3.0
Okay so i have Sarah for online History 221. I wouldn't reccomend taking her for an online class. I can't say how she is for in class but online she is very disorganized. And I email her to ask questions, and i have yet to get an answer to those questions. I just feel that the online class could be ran a little more smoothly.,2.0,3.0
You really work yer butt off,3.5,5.0
She is horrible. I cannot believe she can be so full of herself. I got a decent grade but had to study my brain out to get it. She does not teach history, she teaches what history is to her which is not often but sometimes incorrect. I think she loves to fail students. I dont think she should have become a teacher. Not a great teaher or person.,2.5,5.0
Never take this teacher. nasty teacher.She's not willing to help you just says your stupid!,1.0,5.0
She is crazy! I did learn a lot though! I would never EVER recommend her to anyone! I don't mind homework or having a challenge, but this class is just out of wack that it is crazy! DON'T take her!!,3.0,5.0
i will say i learned a good amount in her class, but probably would have with any other teacher of this subject too. can not put into words how much i hated her. she freaks out when students do not know answers. very sarcastic. expects you to know as much as her (thought we were there to learn it hmmm) would do anything to avoid her as a teacher.,1.5,5.0
I took her class as an eng/his learning community. In the english half i got an A, In her history half i got a D. I spent way more time on her half of the class and have nothing to show for it. It was a huge waste of time and ultimately i dropped out of college disheartened. She ruins young lives. The saddest part is that its only a pre-requisite.,1.0,5.0
If you like being threatened and harrassed then do it up, but shes very verbally abusive and even got so mad once that she said "wheres my gun at". She looks for right answers to mark wrong and insults all of your work. she is so biased and orgasms over the 1790's if u take her u should have no life because she wont let u have1.do yourself a favor,1.0,5.0
This class had to be the worst choice i have ever made. I took it becuase i thought history would be fun. She made me hate it. And she aint afraid to tell you that you are a waste of her time. She will ridicule you in front of everyone if she gets the chance. Embarassment and shame will come if you take this class. Good luck if you take her!!!,1.0,5.0
ms wiley told me that i was a waste of her time to grade my assignments because i missed 1 class. and she also singled me out in front of the entire class and told them to be aware of me because i am disruptive and going to distract them. I did all the work and showed up all class days except 1. Dont miss a day becasue you will be worthless.,1.0,5.0
this lady is the worst teacher i ever had. she make the class so much harder and more studid than it should be.she wants to embarass you in front of the whole class and is not afraid to tell you that tewaching you is a waste of her time. so if you care about ur future then dont take her class. in all actuality, she is a waste of YOUR time.she suks,1.0,5.0
She is intelligent; however, that being said, some of the worest dictators were better at teaching and being nice to its people.,1.0,5.0
DO NOT TAKE ANY OF HER CLASSES!!the amount of homework you are slammed with is horrible..the only person that understands her lectures is..her.lectures are awful!!she jumps around so much my notes were AWFUL..THAT COURSE PACK IS USELESS.i couldnt wait to burn it,1.0,5.0
Sarah Wiley's class changed my life. Her class is powerful. The work is demanding and you need to pay attention to her lectures, but what you gain is nothing short of a PROFOUND appreciation of YOUR history. Do yourself a favor and take Wiley's class for a crashcourse in what you should already know, you shouldn't regret it.,5.0,5.0
all I can say is wow, she is very rediculous, dont get me wrong she knows her stuff btu she expects u to take notes but talks so fast and doesnt stop so u can understand her, and if u look up to listen to try to comprehend she raises her voice and makes a big deal, im someone who likes to be challenged but not like this,very harse grader,stay away!,1.0,5.0
Take good notes and read your course pack like a bible. becuase it is helpful in passing her exams. She is tough but you can pass the class if you do your work and clearify it.,4.5,5.0
I had her for the fall semester. Although the class tough you clearly gotta take good notes and review them come test day. TRUST ME! I was able to pull a D from first exam to a B by the time the class ended from learning my mistakes. She expects your best effort and she knows her subject well.,4.0,5.0
Taking her for West Civ, love the course curriculum. Hate how one sided the teacher is. She is narrowminded, and expects nothing but excellence. She is the sole reason for me changing my future plans in education.,1.5,5.0
She is the absolute worst instructor I have ever had... She doesnt believe that people get sick, and she tells you to take notes, yet talks so fast it is impossible to take notes, and will not repeat what she had said... All of the tests are essay and out of class testing! She actually gave a test over easter break, what a joke! DO NOT TAKE HER!,1.0,5.0
I absolutely love Sarah Wiley. I took her Early American class and I loved it so much I took her learning community this semester. While it can be hard to follow her sometimes, and I've had many a hand cramp, I love her teaching style. She gives you the information and then adds her own commentary to it. She's really prepared me for later classes!,3.5,5.0
If you are intelligent and willing to learn, her classes are a piece of cake. WARNING: Don't ever look at the clock. Don't ask a stupid question (yes, there are stupid questions). Don't skip or come in late.,5.0,2.0
Sarah was definitely an in-depth teacher. She was very demanding in the classroom and out, but she genuinely loved her subject, and she wanted you to succeed in the class.,4.5,5.0
I have never disliked a teacher more than her. While she can be funny at times, her class is the worst. She teaches like you have nothing else to do but homework from her class. It is possible to get a good grade, but only if you are one of her pets and/or don't have a life. DO NOT TAKE HER!,1.5,5.0
She talks way too fast and switches topics so many times while speaking she makes it impossible to take notes. She claims to be against plagiarism, but does so herself in copying xerox copies of textbooks in her course packs. She is obsessed with male nude art from Greek religion. Do yourself a favor, take a different instructor.,1.0,5.0
I hated this class. She didn't give good incentive to do the work. She was super serious and didn't and didn't have any fun. It was very boring. I don't recommend this teacher at all.,2.0,4.0
I appreciate history much more because of her 3 classes. Now am a history major at a private college and her classes prepared me for the rigors of the school I am now attending. I travel a great deal and the places visited have much more depth because of her instruction. Prepare to work hard in her classes, she demands excellance naturally.,5.0,5.0
I sometimes return to this particular professor to read the comments. I have some interesting observations. First, early western civ was the Greeks and Romans! Secondly, I am now at a much difficult school and if it weren't for Prof. Wiley I would be in a world of hurt; Delta was a mere stepping stone into a larger world; time to grow up all.,5.0,5.0
Comical to read the negative comments, since she was always clear of expectations. She runs her class in an organized fashion as she should...she is the teacher. Follow the directions and assignments and you will receive high grades!!!,4.5,3.0
Yes, she is opinionated, and difficult, but not hard. You you do learn a lot about history and how to handle difficult classes in the future. THIS is how you pass the class: Make friends, and encourage group study. Take part in the Peer-mentored study group, recopy notes. Pluses: Lots of extra credit, and the occasional Travel talks are fun.,3.0,5.0
Fabulous teacher with passion and love for her subjects being taught!,5.0,1.0
She is a stuck-up know it all. I hated this class.,1.0,5.0
Horibble teacher. Speaks to fast in lecture, not clear points, obsessed with Franklin and Jefferson, if you don't answer a question her way, its wrong,1.0,5.0
Worst mistake of my life. I have nothing against working hard, and before this class was a A student. She is biased and unfair, and injects politics into everything - Ancient Greece becomes a metaphor for the Iraq War. She focuses only on what she likes, and you'll fail if you don't answer EXACTLY the way she wants, politics and all.,1.0,5.0
I love history, but I have learned to hate it because of Sarah. She teaches you the History that she believes is important and just breezes over the rest. I expected a survey of early western civilization and I learned about the greeks and romans. Be prepared to have to learn history verbatim, her words, not anyone elses.,2.5,5.0
Of all the professors I have had she is the one I still remember the most. She demands excellance from all her students. This is not spoonfed history, nor should it be. I appreciate history much more because of her. Her classes were exremely informative and diverse. Be prepared to work very hard. I took all her classes in the mid 90s. Great fun!,5.0,5.0
Sarah is a great teacher, but you can't be a slacker in this class. She provides an entire coursepack to help you, clearly explains everything in her lectures, and gladly answers questions (even e-mails!). She has a dry, sarcastic sense of humor which is probably why so many people say she's "mean.",4.0,4.0
If you are moving on to a "real" university, you will appreciate Sarah. If she makes you feel like an idiot, you must not know how to behave and respond in a college classroom. I received a bachlor's from Michigan State and had to take history courses from the "best" in the nation. The "best" did not compare to Sarah's style and clarity.,5.0,1.0
Terrible teacher. Very unwilling to help.,1.0,5.0
She is a terrible teacher. She does not help when you have questions and makes you feel stupid if you don't understand something. I have a real hard time reading and she expects you to understand books written400years ago and do a huge assignment in two days.its just not possible for me,and she is not willing to help with my questions.dissapointed.,1.0,5.0
This class is not for slackers. She demands work from you and expects it to be college work, which is understandable.She is straight forward and will help you to succeed in this course.Attendance for this class is a MUST. There is so much information in her lectures that you are constantly writing-she stumbles over her words.Overall learned alot.,3.5,4.0
She does not understand that some people have trouble reading. Some of the material is from 300 years ago and should be better explained. If you ask for a office appointment to discuss extra help she gets upset. Hard to follow, and disorganized. I strongly recomend taking another teacher for Early American History.,2.0,5.0
I am working on a second bachelors degree, so I have had many professors, and Sarah Wiley was one of my favorites. It been years since I've taken her classes (I took 3)and I still remember a lot of what she taught. No, she's not easy, but you will actually learn in her class. All she asks is that you actually do the work,5.0,4.0
You should feel grateful to have a professor as specific and knowledgeable as Ms. Wiley. She is very abrubt to the students that act like morons. She is only teaching a lesson on how to behave in a college level course. If you are moving on to a university, you will appreciate her style. Do what she asks of you, and you'll get the A.,5.0,1.0
To the point!!!,5.0,1.0
Sarah is a very tough teacher. She gives you a lot of notes and asks a lot from you. If you don't try you will fail. However if you study hard, and take good notes you will do fine. If you need an ENG 112 credit, take the learning community in the winter. It mixes things up and makes the class more enjoyable!,3.5,4.0
Huge witch, I would never recomend her to anybody, even if they were a deaf mute.,1.0,5.0
She acts like she is doing you a favor by just talking to you. She seems very unclear on what she expects except to read her mind. She is cutting with her comments and has no mercy.,1.5,5.0
Great history teacher, knows her history well. Can be a little harsh at times, but I think some people are too thin-skinned, just ignore her remarks and focus on learning the material. You're adults, you aren't babies. And why are you in college if you aren't willing to put forth effort and do a little work?,4.0,5.0
You can tell she really knows what she is talking about. She is extremely enthusiastic and clearly loves her subject, but because of that she tends to stumble over her words and jump around alot. The entire class is lecture and quite hard to follow. She also often treats everyone like they are idots and is pretty disrespectful.Its her way or no way,3.5,5.0
This was the hardest class that I have taken at Delta. She is absolutely insane! Between the journals that you have to do and studying for tests, this class took up so much of my time that I hardly had time for my other classes. She needs to get a clue and realize that her class isn't the only class that students have!,2.0,5.0
I am very very lazy, until i took this class. This was a great class to prepare me for other tough classes. No one in the world can teach you more about such a super super huge subject in 13 weeks. lots of work. 15 page essays... but it is worth it if you ENJOY the subject. one problem was my other grades suffered near exams to do well in here.,3.0,5.0
I am definitely smarter for taking her class. You will actually learn and want to learn more. Inspiring! It's a difficult subject but she makes it as easy as she can. Still, I wouldn't recommend taking one of her classes while going full time. She is anal and can say some mean things, but the good outweighs the bad.,4.5,2.0
Great teacher who helped inspire me to become a teacher!,4.5,4.0
I didnt realize that tests were going to be 11 pages long and quizzes were 6!On one of my quizzes I received a comment that was uncalled for. I asked why all the journals were due on Friday when the test was Thursday she said Why wouldnt they be I turned it in and she extended the due date. I think her way of teaching is uncalled for I am disgusted,1.5,5.0
I took Mrs. Wiley for a history telecourse and it was so much. The subject was interesting but I was worried about even getting a C in the class because of the amount of work that was piled up. I give her a below average rating.,1.0,4.0
She will challenge you, and you will have to learn more from here than any other history instuctor. She is stubborn and demanding, but you will be a better student for it!! Take her rudeness, or ****yness as you will, but she really is very intellegent and anyone would benefit from taking her class,4.0,5.0
sarah is very passionate about history. She is a stick instructor, but visit her during her office hours, or make an appointment, and you wont regret it! she is very dedicated to her students, and while the class is demading, it is far more rewarding in the long run! If you want to do well and learn something, you will enjoy her class!,4.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
this cruel brand of teaching is unacceptable.,1.0,5.0
If you are motivated, you will do well. Expect to read & work in this class. She's passionate about history, offers insightful comments, and clearly knows her stuff.,4.5,5.0
This teacher broke my spirits. I've never had someone who could be this way. I really didn't appreciate the way she would act as your friend and then on the papers you wrote, she would give you a bad grade. If your pyschic or you can read her mind, then take the class. If not, you were warned.,1.0,5.0
The most cutting and cruel teacher I've ever come across. Knows history, but has no right to make her students feel stupid and unwanted by writing such things on work as "Wow, you are WAY OFF!" to laughing in your face and making an example of you in front of the class. Teachers should be fired for treating people this way! AVOID AT ALL COST!,1.0,4.0
,3.5,4.0
No professor has ever written as many comments than Wiley, and they were all helpful. She knows when you sit at home and watch the OC all night and then come to class complaining you had to work...people that can't keep up with her will work at Burger King the rest of their lives. Knows her material.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,5.0
Sara is very passionate about her subject, she can be difficult at times, but she really knows what she's talking about. If you pay attention and take good notes you will definitely learn something, but you'll have to work hard for the grade.,4.0,4.0
This class was by no means easy, but you will learn tons. If you are intrested in LEARNING history than take this class. If you are intrested in an easy A do yourself a favor and don't take it. Very Fun Class, but be prepared to do what she asks and you will have a great time. Highly Recomended.,4.5,4.0
Easily the worst teacher that I have ever had in my life. The class lectures are so scattered that it is near impossible to make sense of. She expects way too much out of the students and gives such wonderfull comments on tests such as frowny faces with tears and lines such as "you were way off here! what were you thinking??",1.0,5.0
I have never despised a teacher more in my life. I disliked her very passionately. I think that's enough.,1.0,5.0
Not an easy class. I wouldn't take if you have other classes.,1.0,5.0
The class was very difficult. Had to take pages of notes each day. She was very demanding, if you miss one class, good luck. She required a lot of homework and her exams were very hard. Overall, I learned a lot and enjoyed the class. You have to work endlessly for a good grade. Not easy to stay interested in the discussion, but it pays off.,3.5,4.0
Sarah's class requires you to take lots of notes during lectures and she suggests you recopy them after class to "seal it in your brain". Dates are essential in this class but don't just memorize. If you want a challenge, take this class and find out what college is all about.,3.0,5.0
Nice,1.0,5.0
This class is HARD...I adore history, and let me tell you...you will be busting your butt for a good grade. This professor expects nothing less than perfection. That being said, I would take any class she teaches. I love history, and being taught by someone who loves it as well is great. But do not take this as a "filler" class.,3.0,5.0
Sarah is rude and narrow minded. Don't make her angry or you will regret ever meeting her. She knows her history, but unless you want to live, eat and breathe history, don't bother,1.0,5.0
Not a very helpful professor. She goes way to fast and expects you to take notes. This professor isn't the right one for you if you aren't a history buff.,1.0,5.0
Very hard class, Sarah is full of herself and treats students rudely and disrespectful. Her tests and papers are rediculously hard. She knows her history and teacher well, except for her attitude.,2.5,5.0
Don't take her! It didn't matter what you learned in the past, she acted like she was the only one that knew history. If you missed a class you were in trouble unless you knew someone who took amazing notes. I wo uldn't recommend her unless you have a lot of time to study and work.,2.0,4.0
This class is very interesting. She brings in slides, movies, and pictures of the real things that we study but the notes and projects are hard. She expects perfection from everyone. Notes and attendence are strictly inforced. Beware new incoming students, not a class to take as a new student!!!!,3.5,3.0
DO NOT TAKE SARAH WILEY! Unless this is your only class of the semester just dont take her. She will bombard you with papers and homework... Her quizes and tests are ridiculously hard. She has a passion for the subject she teaches, and for that I respect her. But she doesnt understand how to teach a reasonable class. So you have been everywhere in the world... that doesnt mean you can act like you are better than everyone else.,1.5,5.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
LOVED this class! Adored her.,4.0,3.0
SHE IS TERRIBLE, DO NOT TAKE HER!!!!!!!!,1.0,5.0
This was the best teacher i've ever had!! i've been to three different colleges and this was the best class i've ever been in. Yeah, she's hard but you learn things that will you remember forever. I would totally recommend anyone who cares about history to take her class.,5.0,5.0
I hate to say it, but even though some of the ratings are harsh...most aren't far from the truth. Very knowledgeable and passionate but has little or no respect for people with different ideas than her. Super smart and not afraid to tell you. I enjoyed what I learned but wouldn't recommend her.,2.5,4.0
An easy class if you are intelligent, hardworking, and show up for class. Very passionate instructor. She loves essay exams. The only drawback is that she only accepts her view of history (she is a liberal, and a whino considering the way she talks about drinking). Still, you will learn a lot.,4.0,1.0
Sarah is very knowledgeable, but she has an abrasive personality that can make the class VERY difficult. You must practicaly read her mind to know how to answer questions and she can be very rude when you ask her questions. I learned a lot but I wouldn't take one of her classes again!,2.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
She sucks, she is really hard and she talks so fast for her notes/Lecture. If you get something wrong she gets really mad. I would never recommend her to ANYONE!! Please take my opinion!!,1.0,5.0
A very cruel person.A very few think she's just into her work and who says otherwise is lazy.No,sorry,shes impossible to deal with.she doesn't like opinions and laughs in your face.I'm luckily getting an A in her class, and though there are extensive projects,your effort has nothing to do with it.,1.0,5.0
The comments are true. Sarah is one of the meanest teachers I've ever encountered. I was optimistic the first week of class; I thought she was funny and knowledgable. The latter's true, but she thinks she's above everyone. Tests are nearly impossible to ace. How has Drew not lost his mind yet?,2.0,5.0
I F&*@ing HATE THIS WOMAN! She is the worst teacher ever.She expects ur life to be HISTORY and nothing else.Teach at Harvard or start to make ur class a little bit more realistic. Never take this class unless u want to screw over ur GPA.,1.0,5.0
Sarah Wiley may be very much into her subject but while she may have the passion to teach she doesn't have the heart. I worked my ass off for her and got a decent grade but unless you have nothing else going on in your life I wouldn't take her class if I were you. Some of her assignments take 7 hrs,2.0,5.0
this teacher blows major wank, she teaches you a krap load of info, very cool, then she expects you to retain double that, not cool. If you have an idea, dont tell her, she will put it down and make you feel stupid, worst teacher ive ever had, if you want a good grade dont even step foot in her room,1.0,5.0
I enjoyed history very much untill I had her.She expects you to read her mind for answers,but don't dare ask an uneducated question.You'll be lucky if you get away with just a laugh in your face,unless your a seasoned brown nose.So if you're concidering her class,she will just kill your love of it,1.5,5.0
Almost impossible. Your answers have to be what her opinion is or their wrong. If you don't have what she has in her head your answers are wrong. She expects everybody to be history majors. What she doesn't realize is not everybody is. Constantly degrades students on papers if the answers are wrong.,2.5,5.0
Horrible class. When you do everything you still get a bad grade. You have to do everything perfectly. You basically have to become her and kiss her butt a lot to get a good grade.,1.5,5.0
This is definately the worst teacher @ Delta College. Anyone who tells you differently has no life and likes to do tons of busy work. So, if you like to do busy work, take her class! It will be completely un-fulfilling!!!,1.5,5.0
Listen, people, I know for a fact this this is one of the most knowledgable professors of her material out there. Completely absorbed in her material, you can feel her own excitement about the subject. Students shouldn't just dismiss her for being difficult. Bad reviews are by lazy students.,4.5,3.0
I think most of the positive comments must have been written by herself. She's very conceited and has no reason to be. Avoid!,1.0,5.0
Sarah was a very good teacher I thought. After reading the comments of everyone else I wondered if they even took her. I admit her class was a lot of work but i would recommend her to anyone. Very interesting subject and she teaches it well.,5.0,2.0
Who gave her the hot rating? That is crazy! Anyway, if you are a girl, and you don't mind kissing her southern azz, take her, you will do great. I love history, and she knows her stuff, but this woman is a raging ****. Anyone who said she was easy is a liar!,3.5,5.0
If you aren't a history major you will be lost. she is a horribly unpleasant woman and if you do bad on a test or quiz she will treat you like a moron the rest of the semester.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Completely awesome teacher. Her passion is contagious, and if you pay attention and aren't lazy, she can introduce you to a world of knowledge. Willing to work with you if you are hard-working and honest. If you really want to learn and not just memorize, take her classes. Best professor I've had!,5.0,3.0
A fantastic professor who knows her material well and teaches a college class. Anyone who has a problem with Sarah is simply lazy and doesn't want to work. I loved the class and learned lots, I recommend her highly.,5.0,4.0
Do not take this History class. It was like having a second full-time job. A lot of time must be devoted to this class to do well, even then, it would be difficult to do well. Choose a different History Professor, I wish I would have!,1.0,5.0
Try to find a different history teacher if possible.,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
this is the worst teacher in the world... if u somehow are unlucky enough to get her as a teacher you will want to shoot yourself i can gaurantee it,1.0,5.0
My only hope for the sake of Delta history students is that someday she will get on her broomstick and fly away.,1.0,5.0
Be prepared to work. I did not mind the 100 and some papers and the books we had to read but the tests were horrible. Her lectures were interesting and she is helpful. If you are not a History Major or already know about history don't take her.,1.5,5.0
Awesome class. Sarah is an awesome teacher,5.0,4.0
Sarah Wiley is very manipulative and definitely knows how to maneuver young, impressionable students into thinking her way. Yes, she does like to intimidate. I am a mother and I can tell you she definitely IS NOT! Have a mind of your own and it will be at your perile in her class. Mind GAMES.,2.0,4.0
Have so much to say,see post below!Ignore the previous post,they are just from some idiot that had a bad experience bc they didnt want to work and put effort into class. She never once humiliated anyone in my class!Early Amer is a must take course,a lot of valueable info is learned, Love you sarah!!,5.0,3.0
have a fast pen hand,3 exams they are essay,but not hard as long as you take detailed notes.For better understanding a course packet is also part of class, VERY helpful!There are no surprises,gives a study guide before each exam,exams are not cumulitive.Very strong,intellegent women,very admirable!,5.0,3.0
Sarah's class is a hard one to take. But I like it a lot. As long as you study hard and take good notes you'll do fine. She gives you all the material you'll need to know on her quizes & exams. Plus her stories are great and so is her attitude.,4.0,4.0
Total witch!!! One of the worst professors I have ever had!! If you are not one of her brown nosers you don't have a chance!,1.0,5.0
True, Sarah's classes are hard, but if you take good notes and study, you will do fine. She tells you exactly what you need to know. I learned SO MUCH from her and her husband's HIS/ENG Learning Community.,4.0,4.0
Do exactly as she says and think her way and you will do well. But, isn't college suppose to be a place where you are encouraged to think for your self? Rude and crude are NOT attributes I care to emulate. Spoiled Brat!,2.5,4.0
I loved Sarah's class! She is very helpful and answeres any questions you have. She does not like slackers or non note-takers, do EXACTLY as she says and you will pass with flying colors. There are no surprises on quizzes and tests.,5.0,4.0
I took her telecourse. It was next to impossible. Also, forget asking her for any help. She make sure you know that you are asking only because you are stupid. P.S. don't miss a quiz...she'll drop you with out your knowledge. She is rude and stuck up!!!,1.0,5.0
Enjoy having your own mind and your own opinion? Don't take her. Enjoy being humiliated so that you will see it HER way? then take this class,3.0,5.0
I took her early american telecourse and loved it. Tests were fair, videos were fairly interesting. Only real homework to turn in were journals which help A LOT with studying for tests.,4.5,2.0
If she were a real mom she would be arrested for abuse. No nurturing skills and certainly, not a fair teacher.History repeats itself. The wicked witch is not dead,1.0,5.0
I took her for one reason: She's HOT!!!...big mistake. Besides her very own omission of being a "raging feminist", she is simply close-minded. Very biased...bases grades on essays; which really means she grades subjectively. She is hot though,1.5,5.0
Aweful, she makes you feel like your in 8th grade all over again with the yelling and all of the cheap shots at your brain. It is clear by the ratings you see that about 25% of people love her and the rest hate her. It is accurate about 25% of u pass.,1.0,4.0
she only has one way of thinking and that is the way it is. If you don't agree with her it is too bad. She expects you to already know what she knows! Oh and you better have plenty of hours to read and RE-COPY your notes. Very bad I do not suggest her!,1.5,4.0
Not helpful at all if you don't know history. Terrible, one of the worst I've had. Even told us what was in the book was incorrect when it contradicted what she taught. Has an arrogant attitude. Don't recommend,1.0,4.0
Although she is a tough teacher with a tough course, i never liked history and hated taking notes, etc... however she's traveled everywhere she teaches about and knows a lot. Take her and dont settle for some stupid history teacher just using a book.,4.5,3.0
I really dislike her! She's very rude, and intimidating. She is extremely smart, I give her that, but she makes her students feel stupid. I love history, and that's my major but I hated her class, and it went by so slow!,1.0,4.0
She talks fast on purpose when you're taking notes so that you have to buy a tape recorder.,1.0,4.0
She writes rude comments on your papers. She is mean and i would never reccommend her. The only people who do well in her class are suck ups and people who don't have lives.,1.0,5.0
I like her classes. I actually took her twice, early western civ. and Early American. I learned more from her than most teachers, and I came away with the skills to do excellent on every exam test since.,5.0,2.0
The only people who complain about her are the ones who aren't willing to do any work. I absolutely love her class. I have learned more in this one history class than I have in any of my previous ones. It's taught like a story and not like a lecture.,4.5,3.0
This professor believes that through humiliation coupled with crumbs of praise (Pavlov's dog) she can brain wash you to think her way OR you will flunk or drop her class. Come on Psychology students and those with commonsence. This is obvious stuff.,1.0,5.0
I really like her, gives a lot of work, but she gives interesting facts and makes the class time fly by.,4.5,3.0
She likes to insult you and humilates you if you look at the clock. Her tests are full of too much information that it's impossible to do well on her tests. She's always right! Don't take her.,2.0,4.0
There is a reason her classes are the last to fill...,2.5,5.0
Yes she is hard but not impossible. The people who complain about her are whinny and think they are still in high school. She will only ****you off or influence you if you let her. If you want to work hard and learn a lot take her.,4.0,5.0
She gives a lot of work and expects i to be done. Exams are long and take like two to three hours to do. Class times are fun if you make it fun and like history.,4.0,5.0
While she shows knowledge on the material, her ego allows no student's opinion to be voiced. Her criticism of her students shows her blatent disrespect of them. If you are a brown noser, you will go far. If not, well, too bad for you. unrealistic exams.,1.5,4.0
ah, she's hot!,5.0,4.0
A lot of work. She knows the subject, but has trouble teaching it, especially if it's taking you time to understand.,3.0,4.0
No Comments,2.0,5.0
Even if you are the challenge seeking type, dont bother, unless of course you enjoy working your ass off for a C...,2.0,5.0
ATTN!!If you love blue book tests,long lectures,and being insulted every day,then this is the class for you!Nearly impossible to do well in this class.We all took notes like crazy, yet she would constantly yell"WHY AREN'T YOU WRITING?"She's,1.0,5.0
I like her enthusiasm but I wonder if she is an only child. Petty and verbally aggressive. Obviously has never had the time or courage to have children. Less than tactful. If you are a people pleaser and want to waste your energy on t,3.0,4.0
Had her for Early western civ. Knows the material but is very arrogant. She has a problem keeping her mouth shut about her left wing political view too. I took the class to learn about history not to learn how much she hated the Bushes.,3.0,4.0
If you want an easy History class, this is not for you. If you're willing to listen and do the strenuous, required work, you'll walk away with more information than any other lecture class. Just don't ****her off.,4.5,4.0
I had her for Early American and I learned the most out of her class than any other. But be prepared for some work, the tests are insane. As long as you keep up with the notes you should be fine. She makes it very interesting to learn.,5.0,2.0
Very tough class. She knows and loves the subject and you will also if you study hard and take tons of notes(do not let your pen stop or she'll ask why you are not taking notes). Wonderful class but you have to work for the A.,3.0,3.0
Sarah is a great teacher! She knows what she is talking about and is passionate about what she does. The class is very hard in the beginning but once you get the hang of it, it gets much easier.,5.0,4.0
She's a tough teacher, but passionate and she wants you to learn and to love the subject. She respects a hard worker and is generous with praise when you earn it. Prepare to work hard!,4.5,5.0
I am taking Early Western Civ. with Sarah, and I love it. It is definately(the tests)a challenge but valuable because I am learning so much. I would recommend this class/professor to anybody who likes history and doesn't mind working HARD for that A.,5.0,4.0
very good teacher enthuistic and she always is smiling just watch out for her backlashes. careful if you don't want to work at it THIS CLASS IS NOT FOR YOU so take it if you have enough time to study alot,5.0,5.0
Shes the best thing sence sliced bread. Better listen up in lectures and take notes...your in for a fun and pleasent adventure when you take history with her, its DEFINETLY, not boring,5.0,3.0
Condescending and smug all the way. Very caught up in hearing the sound of her own voice.,1.0,5.0
what the hell was that all about?,1.0,5.0
big mistake to take!,1.0,4.0
Good teacher, but be careful! Once you sign up for her class history is ur life,3.5,5.0
you really learn a lot, had her in 96, and i hate hist but i liked her class!!!,5.0,5.0
You will learn a lot, IF you make it through the course.,2.0,5.0
Thinks she's GOD! Test terrible! What a horrible person! Wants everyone to fail.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
NOTE TO Ms. WILEY: Remove large stick...,1.0,4.0
Not bad...she is really into what she does,4.0,3.0
Teaching more than history, teaching life. Big Universitys are full of Wileys.,4.0,3.0
I had her in 96'...literally,1.5,4.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
Condescending and haughty,1.5,5.0
most of her early american history class is spent studing later western civ,2.0,4.0
Tough, but if you keep up good notes, you'll be okay. Great teacher.,4.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,5.0
Her exams are the worst, all essay,3.0,4.0
her version of history is the only one, very good teacher, but be prepared!!!,2.0,5.0
I like her, but she does come across as full of herself.,3.5,4.0
No Comments,2.5,5.0
Difficult material and the prof does not help to explain. Instead of telling lame jokes, he should spend time trying to actually ensure the students understand the material. It's like being tought microeconomice by Erkel.,2.0,5.0
Absolutely the best! This man knows his stuff cold. Pay attention in class and you'll get an A. If you are hoping to laze your way through this class, then, don't bother registering. GREAT JOKES !!!,5.0,1.0
Extremely knowledgeable. Makes the effort to ensure that students are learning. Puts economic theory in a relevant real-world context. One of the very best !!!,5.0,3.0
Totally a nerd + geek, his lame jokes are very annoying, the only person who laughs is him. Can't teach, lectures/notes are confusing. Don't enrol in his class, you'll regret it.,1.0,4.0
Exams were ok, but never reply any email, and impatient when answering student's questions. Makes mistakes on the board all the time, notes are confusing. Marks might be ok, but you learn nothing.,1.5,3.0
Nerdy prof, lame jokes and thinks he's funny. Materials not related to tests/exam. Rude, doesn't answer email questions AT ALL. One word, drop.,1.5,4.0
One of the most useless and bad prof in U of T. He should stay at York, he doesn't belong to U of T.,1.0,5.0
he is a good prof.... his tests are a bit hard though,4.5,2.0
beware!!! He will foul you with lame jokes and a nerdy attitude making you feel comfortable. When you least expect it he will kill you when you are writing the exam.,3.0,4.0
exam super hard.. unfair marking.. and he lost my midterm when i asked for a remark. his lectures are ok but exam's a diff story.,2.5,5.0
Very lame jokes, but better than nothing when learning economics. Very weird teaching, sometimes will not go through the variations in the macro models, and will put them on the tests and exam. But if u just do your work you'll get a B. Not bad.,3.0,2.0
lame jokes, lame material, friggin hard exams, but overall good course,4.0,4.0
A total freak! He is going to fool you with his laid back style and flat jokes about his dumb car. Ridiculous marking!,2.0,4.0
Nice person... but what happened in the exam?,3.5,1.0
Excellent Prof. Take a course with him , you won't regret it...,5.0,3.0
no practice at all...and not so good at specifying expectations,1.0,3.0
No practice questions & thus unfair tests, textbook isn't needed, flat jokes,2.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,2.0
worst prof ever! not helpful,1.0,3.0
looks like eddy murphy ^0^,5.0,1.0
best prof! i got an A, just simply read his notes, no need to read the text bk!,4.5,1.0
He still work at UTM for summer courses, but I believe he is a full-time at York,4.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
Hard exams - but you can learn a lot from him and his funny stories.,4.0,4.0
excellent prof.....very fair,4.0,3.0
his slides are very useful!,4.0,1.0
10 pages of notes every single lecture without knowing what i was writing,2.5,4.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
Very organized; notes are precise; but tests and final are TOUGH!!!,3.5,5.0
He gave out so much notes each lecture, we all have to copy like crazy!,3.5,5.0
lot of examples in the lecture, but they are no good for the exam,3.5,4.0
not helpful to students,2.0,5.0
Paul is an average lecturer IMO. The course covers so many topics but not in depth. So, I categorize his course and lectures to be average. What led me to give him a low rating is because he focused to much on writing English to give grades in a math-based course. He should teach a writing class if he cares that much.,1.0,3.0
I did not get A in this course because of grammatical errors in my course project! Come one! This is an engineering course, not scientific writing. Moreover, you don't learn deeply in this course as it covers many topics with shallow coverage. I don't recommend him at all.,1.0,3.0
He's a great prof, but I feel really uncomfortable asking him questions. Definitely makes you feel stupid if you hesitate or ask an unspecific question... almost like you're wasting his time. Personally, I think he's a great lecturer but one on one I'm not too sure.,4.0,4.0
I am surprised on his ratings by other students. His teaching is not excellent, just average. The course was not hard with no exam and was graded based on homework/report. My problem is his grading. I am not a native speaker but he graded my reports harshly, taking point for English writing errors. I am an Engineering student, not an English major.,1.0,3.0
Favorite Professor at Waterloo!,5.0,1.0
Its a hard course but he teaches it very well. I don't think anyone else can do a better job. He is really brilliant.,5.0,4.0
Awesome prof!Really enjoyed the course.,5.0,4.0
His course is like an ocean will 1 mm depth. You will hear about a lot of thing but learn nothing good. The assignments are graded very strictly. The project even harder and he even subtracts because of grammatical errors. Students here have said he is a very good professor but I suggest at least don't take this course with him, just audit instead,2.0,2.0
Best Prof. in the entire SYDE department.,5.0,4.0
Speaks like a well-written textbook,4.5,5.0
Goes out of his way to help you if you take an interest in the class. Pays attention to his students and will even take the time to email students if he notices they are doing really well, or need help with something. Incredibly intelligent and amusing as a lecturer.,4.5,3.0
excellent prof, one of the best profs I ever had.Proud to be one of his students,5.0,4.0
He is awesome, just don't talk in his class. Best prof I've had in systems so far.,5.0,3.0
First time teaching the course and he knew what he was doing. Puts alot of effort into teaching and is a brilliant guy.,5.0,4.0
This guy is uber intelligent, but that doesn't mean he should talk down to me like I'm his dog. So I'm not as smart as he is. Throw me a bone.,4.0,3.0
very intelligent, nice guy, helps much, a little bit aggressive, you shouldn't make big mistakes in front of him ... knows a lot, explains clear, wants to help students...,5.0,4.0
No Comments,2.0,1.0
good cookies. Smart Cookie. friendly. 3rd best prof I've ever had.,4.5,2.0
he's a few hundred years ahead of us, but he should not make us feel stupid,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
Best Prof in Systems Design; Very talented and intelligent,5.0,4.0
best prof i had,5.0,3.0
He's amazing!,5.0,4.0
Excellent presentation of material - makes all the concepts very clear,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Good Teacher,5.0,4.0
I love Fieguth!!!,5.0,3.0
Mmmm... good cookies, but needs more chocolate chips!! =),5.0,2.0
boolean boullion, doubloons. Money. Very relevant review. Thank you,5.0,2.0
Gotta love Fieguth! Arrogant, but he's allowed because he's a genius!,5.0,1.0
Too bad most profs aren't this good,5.0,3.0
Cutest and best prof in systems...and that's from a guy!,5.0,3.0
MIT graduate, amazing!,4.0,4.0
Great Prof,5.0,2.0
Excellent lectures,5.0,3.0
he should be on jeopardy,5.0,4.0
He knows everything!,5.0,2.0
On your mark, get set, GO!,5.0,4.0
He's SO smrt,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Sexy Shorts,5.0,1.0
Good prof.. s-m-r-t,5.0,4.0
races thru everything because he's so much smarter than you.lets you know it too,4.5,3.0
excellent,5.0,3.0
Cool,5.0,3.0
He is very passionate about computer science! He was upfront about the workload required at the beginning of the class and set clear expectations. While the course is rather difficult if you show interest and ask questions, he will be more than happy to give extensive help to anyone who asks. Amazing teacher!,5.0,4.0
I have taken several of Dr. Gaitros' online courses and they are all dumpster fires. The lecture material is barely existent and feels like it was slapped together as an afterthought. Example problems are also the same. No teaching occurs in this course. Use it as a list of topics to learn on your own. I AM DISAPPOINTED I GOT SUB-PAR CLASSES!!!!!,1.0,3.0
I've taken a couple of his classes now, and they all pretty much have the same issues. The lectures and material overall is very scattered and hard to follow. He's not great at explaining things but is usually willing to help if you ask. If you take a class of his, just skim through his lectures and watch youtube videos if you really wanna learn.,2.0,4.0
His online course material is scattered. However, he is extremely personable and helpful. Show him that you care. Go to his office hours prepared with questions and you'll do fine. You'll be writing a lot of code from scratch so it'll be time consuming and buggy. Gaitros understands that and wants to help you succeed, in class & life.,5.0,4.0
A very good professor in my eyes. He is very experienced with his work and in teaching as a whole. His class in Object-Oriented Programming was well thought out, the assignments were fair and taught us students the material. His videos on Canvas and on his YouTube channel were a big help, one of the best lectures out there. I enjoyed the class.,4.0,3.0
Doesn't teach, terrible structure to the course, and TA with an inflated ego. Avoid this class, because unless you have a lot of previous experience coding C++, then you will struggle greatly. Google is the only thing keeping me afloat, and even then it is a struggle. Grading is ridiculous and emails are left unanswered.,1.0,5.0
His class isn't well organized but he is very accessible, has a lot of resources and answers every question. Gaitross is an expert and he knows the field from previous jobs. He explains the concepts multiple times and in multiple ways. You will definitely have to study to pass his class but it is definitely doable @avg level You will learn a lot.,5.0,3.0
Went into this class with high hopes after reading these reviews. The most important things about an online course are clarity & organization. This class has neither of those! Material is all over the place & often times you will spend too much time trying to figure out what he even wants. Made an A+ because I can program but beware, Gaitros SUCKS!,2.0,4.0
Dr Gaitros is one of my favorite professors I had in my time at fsu. A great guy and great at teaching material. If you go to class, have a good attitude and study you will really enjoy this professor!,5.0,3.0
An instructor that figured out distance learning. His course is fine-tuned for online learning and has a concise 5-10 min video lecture on every concept he tests you on without the added fluff. Book is not needed. He will teach you everything you need to know. Comp Org is not an easy course, but he makes it tolerable and even enjoyable at times.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Gaitros is a good teacher. You will get an A if you go to every class including recitation. You do not need to know anything about coding before. He will teach you. He gives out lots of code in class, which is nice. As a person he is not super nice... Often times he seemed to not want to be there and was somewhat disengaged.,3.0,3.0
Taught the class like you already knew the material. Definitely not a good class to take if you dont know anything to begin with. Doesnt really teach it like an intro course. The test were decent, but the homeworks were hard and the TAs didnt grade hard on them.,1.0,5.0
This class is not an easy A. Go to class, read the textbook, take notes, go to professor and ta hours the want to help you just make time to go.,3.0,5.0
Essentially no feedback. A decent amount of assignments but they were straightforward and easy. He isn't a hard teacher to do well with, but I had two issues with Dr. Gaitros. First, he repeatedly ignored discussion board questions. Second, he conflicted with the book a few times, which matters when there aren't lectures to learn the material.,3.0,2.0
Went to lecture the first week, then hardly ever after that. He will help you with any assignments after class or at office hours. Really easy to get along with, and easy to make an A if you put in the time.,4.0,1.0
Dr. Gaitros is my favorite professor I've taken so far at FSU. I was really nervous about taking Computer Org 1, since I really struggled with COP3330 (Object Oriented Programming. This class was really easy, and actually very interesting. Definitly my favorite class I've taken. Plenty of examples in class to prepare for the exam. Don't skp class!!,4.0,3.0
Dr Gaitros is one of the best professors for CS at FSU. This class is fairly challenging, but if you do the work and show up for class you shouldn't have any trouble. I regret not taking more classes with him.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Gaitros is a really good teacher. Sure, the class is lecture heavy, but what else would it be since it is all about computers? There is a lot of homework and it can be heavily piled up and due on one day if you do not take the time to complete before. Assignments are easy, just do them! Does not accept late work. Attendance is not mandatory!,4.0,4.0
Just do all the assignments on time and you will pass!,3.0,1.0
The only reason people hate on him is because there is a lot of homework but you do it at your on pace and he will even do the assignment in class sometimes. One of the easiest classes Ive ever taken,5.0,2.0
This class has a TON of busy work but it is super easy. The exams are the exact questions, word for word, from the quizzes. The quizzes have an unlimited amount of attempts. Only annoying thing for me is that the textbook is mandatory because it's online and the hw and quizzes are through the textbook. I know it's not a huge deal but almost $200.,4.0,1.0
His lectures are okay at best, and dull and sleep-worthy at worst. The homework assignments and online quizzes were very easy, as you can look up the answers or test the commands out for yourself. His TA who did the grading made mistakes sometimes, but email him about this and he will fix them. To do well you need to practice the commands often.,3.0,2.0
Most of the homework assignments are pretty difficult. He doesn't teach as if it is an INTRO class. He just assumes that you will know everything because he does. Only thing helping would be going to office hours but with one TA available one day of the week it is kind of difficult. Would not recommend taking this professor.,1.0,5.0
Super hard. He knows everything and teaches it in a way expecting everyone to know it too. I attended all lectures and am still completely lost. Homework assignments are incredibly difficult, and both he and the TA are very hard to reach by email. Office hours are not helpful either. You will pretty much have to figure out everything on your own,1.0,5.0
One of the worst classes I have taken this semester. No passion for teaching at all.,2.0,3.0
This class is honestly dumb. I have learned nothing and Dr. Gaitros just repeats what's in the book or tells uninteresting unrelated stories. Also, if you're not in the very front row you can't hear him at all. He tells you what's on the tests but your answer has to be correct word for word. Essay heavy class,2.0,3.0
He clearly doesn't care about what he is teaching and seems miserable behind his podium. His dry voice puts me to sleep and I don't think one lecture I have went to has been productive. The only way I can complete the homeworks is by using his powerpoints and google. I don't learn in this class but the way it is set up makes it easy to get an A,3.0,1.0
Good professor, you can learn and get a good grade.,4.0,3.0
This is the worst professor I've had at FSU, he spends more time talking about his kids in class and how old he is than going over the lecture material. Come test time you're left out in the cold in being able to recite the material after you've taught yourself, and he doesn't give you even an inch of leeway for ambiguous SQL query statements. BAD!,1.0,5.0
This professor is terrible, he just chats about irrelevant topics in class and doesn't teach us the material. When it comes time for the tests he is unforgiving and the lectures he flips through aren't enough for you to understand the material. Be prepared to teach yourself.,1.0,5.0
Anyone who does not think Dr. Gaitros is an excellent professor likely did not work hard in his classes. Go to class, do the homework and you will learn. Without a doubt one of the best professors in the department, this is my third class with him and would take again.,5.0,4.0
Gaitros is a cool guy but sometimes isn't very clear during lectures or instructions for assignments. Assignments are pretty easy, if anything just look through his powerpoints and you should understand how to do them. There are quizzes that are due at the end of the semester but you get 5 tries on them. Only 2 tests: midterm and final.,3.0,2.0
Programming was my worst class this past semester. It is unbelievable easy to zone out of his lectures. If you are not a computer science major, do not take this class with Gaitros. As a person who had never coded anything before I was extremely lost for a majority of the year. I found the tests very hard to prepare but he made the final easy.,3.0,4.0
Frequently forgets that students don't know as much as he does, which makes lecture not that great but there are attendance quizzes every now and then. Do as well as you can in the 1st half of the class because it gets a lot harder later. He can be a real stickler despite seeming nice, but he also seemingly gave us a pretty good curve at the end.,3.0,5.0
Not a bad professor. If you do what he ask for, you will pass. He makes class more entertaining by his jokes and can make certain things easier to learn by his comparison. Overall good guy and would recommend anyone to take him.,3.0,2.0
professor gaitros has a lot of knowledge on the subjects he teaches but he doesn't spend time thinking about how to engage the students to his lectures. You either read off the powerpoint or you zone out. Gives pop quizzes sometimes and doesn't give much partial credit as one error will make your entire answer incorrect in the end.,2.0,3.0
Professor Gaitros' class is an easy to pass class but you probably won't learn very much while you're there. He's funny and he seems to know what he's talking about, but he just doesn't tend to convey it very well.,4.0,1.0
Not a great professor for Unix. He makes the already boring subject even more boring. Not a difficult class but Google teaches you more than he does.,2.0,2.0
I had experience programming when I came in making this class relatively easy; however 94% is an A. Tests are easy to study for if you read the power-points. Do programming assignments a week early, submit as much as you want before the due date. Spent time in lecture teaching myself Haskell, was more interesting to me.,3.0,4.0
I really really liked this class. He gave clear expectations for grades and subject matter, assigned relevant homework, and worked to help you understand in class. If you aren't getting it, go to class. He's pretty entertaining, ask him about chickens. Seems like a good guy and is experienced in the field. Textbook helps but isn't mandatory.,4.5,3.0
This can be a hard and challenging class, but Dr. Gaitros KNOWS his stuff and he is very good at teaching. DO NOT skip class or you will fail! He can be intimidating to approach, but he means well. The homework is challenging, but essential and relevant to do well on exams. Ask for help during recitations/TA office hours for help! I got an A!,5.0,4.0
Guy is awful. Treats programming 1 like you've been programming all your life. Does his best to make it hard on students & wants students to do poorly. Makes us learn information that students taking programming 2 haven't learned. Awful guy as well, real headcase. Stay away from this guy,1.0,5.0
I strongly dislike Dr. Gaitros. He is quite arrogant and begins every most classes with a picture or story from him in his "glory days". Most questions are meet with a rude, unhelpful response. All that being said, he produces some very helpful videos online. Didn't learn much from his class, and felt I was always debating errors in grading.,3.0,3.0
Literally the easiest course I have ever taken in my life. Kindergarten included.,4.5,1.0
Awesome professor. Class was basically difficult to fail, but he made the lectures interesting.,4.5,1.0
EASIEST CLASS I HAVE EVER TAKEN. don't bother going to class except for the midterm,final and last day of class. he records himself doing the assignments that are due weekly. all the answers to his class are online. i ended with a 100 in his class.,5.0,1.0
If you're hoping for an understanding prof who cares about his students and works with them, you're in the wrong class. Everything is black and white. The syllabus is the only thing he understands, it's the bible. If you make mistakes andor are human, forget it. Directions are super clear just make sure you follow them! If you do, easy class.,2.0,3.0
Very good class, one essay and some weekly assignments. People say not to get the book but I found that the book was very helpful and especially for the essay, which it guided me through. Makes things much easier.,3.5,2.0
If you are capable of following basic step by step instructions while watching a detailed video of the assignment and you have fairly good memorization skills then this class should be an easy A! TAKE IT! Seriously the easiest class at FSU.,4.0,2.0
Best decision ive ever made, especially my very first class as an incoming freshman! Such a cute old man, love him! TAKE HIM,4.0,2.0
Dr. Gaitros was my last professor at fsu. Literally the most informational, easy class you could take. His TA's were always answering back within an hour, and he did a great job teaching the course online! Just keep up with the work, watch his videos, and guarenteed an A. Don't buy book, just do graded study guides.. They are the test.,5.0,1.0
TAKE THIS CLASS ONLINE! Easiest A I have ever gotten and it really helped my GPA. Dr. Gaitros posts videos on Blackboard with step-by-steps on how to do assignments so it's pretty much impossible to not get an A. There are 2 tests and there are some quizzes that you have to do on your own time. Other than that it's an easy A.,4.0,1.0
Class is impossible not to pass. He gives all of the instructions for the assignments in videos so you can follow along and ace the class.,5.0,1.0
This is literally the easiest class at FSU. You don't have to show up for class and the assignments are easy and can be done just by watching the videos and mimicking them step for step. 2 tests, got a 98 on both of them. Take this for a GPA booster. DON'T WASTE MONEY ON THE BOOK! You will never need it!,5.0,1.0
Easy A! I only went to the first 2 classes and got an A. You have 6 assignments that have videos showing you exactly how to do it, online quizzes (3 attempts, shows you the wrong answers), & 2 tests. The tests are made out of the quizzes so make a quizlet and memorize those! 98 on first test, 94 on second. Textbook is highly unnecessary. Great guy!,5.0,1.0
don't buy the textbook. do the assignments on time. never went to class because you don't need to. easy A,5.0,1.0
This class is easy. The only reason I didn't get an A is because I turned in papers late. Don't buy the textbook because you will never need it.,5.0,2.0
Gaitros is a pretty good guy. He knows what he is talking about and doesn't get butt-hurt over people not attending lectures. All of his notes are online and his tests are pretty straightforward.,4.5,1.0
Easiest Class I have ever taken. I have not found a class that is easier to get an A in. Do all the assignments and you will get an A in the class.,3.0,1.0
Easiest waste of time class I have ever taken in my life. You have to try not to get an A. Exams are made up of online quiz questions and assignments are shown step by step in tutorial videos. A TA teaches lectures but honestly you don't need to go.,4.5,1.0
Convinced this is the easiest class you can take at FSU, went to class the first day and didn't show up a day after. All the assignments are online coupled with an instruction sheet and tutorial videos that hold your hand to get a 100. Exams are pooled using quiz questions and you can take the quizzes three times for the highest grade. EASY.,4.0,1.0
This is probably the easiest class I've taken at FSU. Went to one class - the first one - and easily scored an A in this class. He's really clear on how to do the assignments, posting up videos that are super-helpful, and all of the test questions can be found through his "graded study guides." Super easy class.,4.0,1.0
You don't go to class. He posts the powerpoints online and you take online quizzes that aren't timed so you can use your book. There are a few basic powerpoint or excel assignments throughout the year, but they're so easy!,4.0,1.0
If you get less than an A in this class you should drop out. The test questions are quiz questions. The quiz is open book so use your power point slides. Don't bother buying the book. He makes it clear that this class is an easy A. Take it. Didn't show up after the first class and got an 100% in the class.,4.0,1.0
I only showed up to class twice and got an A. This is one of the easiest classes. There's two exams, no final, 6 assignments and 12 quizzes. All the quizzes are due at the end of the semester. Some of the assignments are a little challenging, but if you watch his videos and read the walkthroughs, you'll get an A. You'll definitely need the textbook,4.0,1.0
Most of this class is online even though it is a lecture class. I only saw Dr. Gaitros on the first day of class and the rest of the time his TA taught. The computer assignments are difficult if you are not proficient with Microsoft Office but he posts videos for each assignment that show you how to do them. The quizzes and tests are easy.,3.0,3.0
The easiest class you will ever take. His grading criteria and assignments are pretty clear. The exam is taken directly from the chapter quizzes. It's hard not to get an A in this class. Just follow the instructions one-by-one and if you have any questions he's always willing to answer them.,4.0,1.0
Pretty easy class. My only complaint was if you messed up on one of the steps on the activities you could get a C on the activities. I don't think the class itself is hard. The test is made up of quiz questions so just memorize those and you're fine.,3.5,1.0
Easy peasy. He literally does the assignments in class AND if you never show up to class he posts videos showing you step by step how to do them. You are given every exam question and answer before taking it. Word for word. I know zero about computers yet I am getting a 99. Easy class and helpful guy.,5.0,1.0
Easy peasy. He literally does the assignments in class AND if you never show up to class he posts videos showing you step by step how to do them. You are given every exam question and answer before taking it. Word for word. I know zero about computers yet I am getting a 99. Easy (x100) class and helpful guy.,5.0,1.0
SUCH AN EASY A. Do the assignments and if you are confused he posts step by step videos on blackboard. Easiest class I taken so far,5.0,1.0
Dr. G's a good teacher, but makes the class boring with meaningless lectures. Don't buy the book b/c we didn't use it once (I rented it and wasted $ I could've saved for other stuff). The class is SO easy - everything's online, optional attendance. He posts videos on how to do the HW assgts. and test questions come from the online quizzes. Easy A!,3.5,2.0
He is so helpful and nice! Super easy course. The exam questions are the exact same questions from the online quizzes.,5.0,1.0
He was so nice and helpful, answered all questions immediately through the Facebook group. Actually posted videos of himself doing the work on both kinds of computers. Quizes are so easy and the tests are the exact questions from the quiz so just copy and paste them to a document to save them,5.0,1.0
Very easy class. The tests are questions straight from the quizzes, so if you take the quizzes type up the questions so you can study later because you can't go back once you submit them. Assignments are easy and he posts videos to help you along with step by step directions. He's also very helpful if you need it.,5.0,1.0
The grade distribution adds up to 90%. Weird right? That's the the way all the assignments are written. Just ask right? Well IF he responds it will be short and unclear. People like him because he's pretty easy. Gaitros' goal is to put as little effort into the class as possible. He'll also tell you why he's awesome and people on here are wrong.,1.5,1.0
For a class as fundamental for a student in CS's education, David Gaitros ruins the field for you. He conveys information poorly and in a condescending manner. Grading is done haphazardly and extremely subjectively. You will be forced to take this class with for as long as he teaches at FSU.,1.0,3.0
Dr. Gaitros is a wonderful professor. He does a wonderful job explaining the projects with clarity. His tests are straight forward and deals with what you've learned in the classroom. Plus, he keeps class interesting as he is a comedian.,5.0,1.0
Amazing professor for computer science classes... dont listen to the people commenting about comp fluency, of course that class is a joke. For real comp sci classes he is amazing take him for anything you possibly can,4.0,2.0
very professional academia focused type. Seems like the kind of guy that has already made it himself, and wants to give back to the Comp Sci world by preparing his students for their road ahead,5.0,3.0
I found Dr. Gaitros to be somewhat condescending. As a straight-A student, I like to assist teachers in improving the coursework. Gaitros seemed to take offense at my written arguments, cited his credentials frequently, and sardonically remarked that my grade of 60 on the fourth assignment was "generous" and could have been lower.,2.0,4.0
Gaitros is a swell guy.... Honest to God he does all he can to help you pass! I greatly enjoyed his course and I wish it didn't have to end so soon.,4.5,1.0
great professor. extremely entertaining and GETS THE JOB DONE,5.0,2.0
Take him for any computer science class and you will nto regret. He is very helpful and makes sure everyone understands the subject matter. Everything becomes easier if you attend. He does nto take a roll and classes are not mandatory but it helps anyone who attends regular basis. You will make a good grade if you just pay attention a little.,5.0,2.0
Take any of his classes without a doubt. He is not in "failing" or 'ruining your academic carrier" business like some(!) other instructors in CS Department. Make sure you attend his classes and pay attention to what he says and I can promise you that he knows it all 10 times better than any other instructor you will ever meet. Great Teacher.,5.0,2.0
best professor ever. took him for cop3014 and cop3330 I got an A in both classes. assignments takes forever to finish and only worth 30% but thats not his fault I wish he can teach every single cs class at FSU. take him and u will never regret it.,5.0,2.0
He is an awesome instructor ! Take any of his classes and you will not regret. Super helpful in and out of class. Very knowledgable and teaches really good. Grading percentages are painful because of computer science department but Dr G makes it happen for students. Great guy !!!,5.0,2.0
Dr G is best programming teacher at FSU. I don't care how much others know or how good they are with such and such applications. That don't help students unless you know how to teach. I learned more with Gaitros then any other instructor.He is really cool and you will be very happy to take ANY of his classes. Dodge all others and take his classes!,5.0,2.0
Best teacher I've had at FSU. You can tell this guy has years of professional experience as he knows his stuff backwards and forwards. Plus, he's very entertaining and easy to talk to. I'm going into my third year and I've already had him 3 times. Can't wait to take another class with this guy.,5.0,2.0
He actually teaches instead of acting in class. His examples are very much from the real stuff you will encounter when you get out of school. You just need to dedicate some time for this class as CS at FSU wants you to code a lot and don't give you any grade for it. Homeworks take ton of time and not worth anything. Not Dr G's fault. Great class !,5.0,1.0
He is a super helpful instructor. Take COP 3014, COP3330 and Data Structures with Dr G and you will not regret. You actually learn coding in his class. He has good sense of humor in class. It was a hard class but he was very helpful. Just attend his class and make a little effort. You will actually develop good coding skills.,5.0,1.0
Awesome instructor. If you will be taking ANY programming class, take his class no doubt. He makes every effort to help and make sure you actually understand the subject matter. He coded for living so he will give you real life examples and how what you are learning is applicable in real life !,5.0,2.0
Half the students attend his class because they already know how to program, so he tries to make somewhat difficult programs. If you're a newcomer to programming, be aware. He does not explain concepts very well, and asking him questions is very intimidating.,1.5,3.0
He is awesome. Go to class the week the project is due and you will get an A. Easiest A at FSU.,4.5,1.0
Dr. Gaitros is a great teacher. Intro to programming was my first programming course and made what I thought would be a hard class very easy. He helps out with the assignments in class, so make sure you go (at least) on weeks when they are due. Pay attention and its an easy A,5.0,1.0
Class was VERY easy, however even when there were some questions he always made sure to answer them as best as possible. A very nice guy too, if that counts for anything.,4.0,1.0
David is a really boring teacher. He just stands there and talks about chapters from the book and goes over the assignments. This class is a joke. The tests are exactly from the study guides and the projects are farely easy. You should def take this class if you want an easy A.,2.0,1.0
Not helpful. I hate professors that try to make their simple boring classes more difficult than they really are. It's a really easy class, easy memorization for tests, easy grades for assignments. Just make sure you turn them in on time, there is a deadline discrepancy on one of his assignments. But he's too cool to care about it.,1.5,1.0
Easy class, but seen as completely pointless by everyone including the instructor. Maybe that's why he put in no effort at all. This required course is the epitome of everything wrong with college education in the US.,1.0,1.0
If you're taking the required computer fluency course, it doesn't matter who you take. Don't buy the book, don't go to class. Just review the powerpoints before the exams and do the projects. It's better if you don't procrastinate on the projects, you can do them all the first week i you want.,5.0,1.0
I guess for all the people who wrote positive reviews here, easy A = awesome teacher. Yes, it is true that the class will be an easy A. However, if you have any problems and actually have to speak with him (you wouldn't under normal circumstances because TAs teach the whole class) he is rude, condescending, and confrontational about everything.,1.0,2.0
This class was SO boring. I never attended. Did minimal work and didn't have the book but followed the instructions of the projects (what your entire grade is based off of) and passed with a B. Not professors fault that the class sucked so much but he really did nothing to make it interesting or worth attending.,2.5,1.0
You do not need to buy the book, you will never use it. His study guides tell you everything you need to know for the test. I never went to class and got a 98.,2.5,1.0
VERY,VERY,VERY easy professor! He acknowledges that most of the students taking the class are doing it because they have to, so he makes it very easy to get an A. He does all the assignments in class. The tests are kinda difficult, but if you do good on the assignments, which there should be no reason you don't do well, you will be fine! TAKE TAKE!,5.0,1.0
Fairly simple class. Anyone with a basic understanding of computers will get a B at the lowest. Do the assignments ahead of time, since late papers are dropped two letter grades. The professor is very confrontational and disrespectful. He assumes the worst of all his students, and isn't willing to compromise at all. Intructions are a bit vague.,1.5,2.0
Extremely, extremely easy class. Never went to lecture, just turned in the projects, and studied a little bit before the tests and made easy A. I only ever used the textbook to study for tests.,2.5,1.0
didnt buy anything and still got an easy A. as long as youre somewhat familiar with computers you will get an easy A. not to mention he does all the assignments in class for you.,3.5,1.0
Took the class online but it is still very easy. The CD explains everything you need to do. As long as you follow the instructions you will get an A on all the assignments. The exams are not so hard as long as you study the study guide. Don't bother reading the book, just look at the definitions at the end.,3.5,2.0
Took it online. Anyway, don't buy the book, BUY THE CD and make it your best friend. It will show you everything you need to know. Word, Excel, Access and PowerPoint Assignments. Follow the instructions on BB word for word and you'll get 100 on each assignment. For the concept exams, study the study guides and powerpoints for the chapters. Easy A.,4.5,1.0
Pretty good professor. Attending class wasn't mandatory, so I didn't go too often, which is fine if you understand Microsoft programs. When I was there, he explained everything in great detail & answered questions at the end of class. The projects were easy, exams not so much, but overall most everyone got an A in the class.,4.0,1.0
Easy class. He went over the projects on Tuesday, then reviewed them on Thursday. Never did anyone "homework." Just go to class.,3.0,1.0
Took the online version of the required Computer Literacy class. Got points taken off for ridiculous things. Can't say much good or bad about the professor himself, except that he doesn't seem to be very helpful at all. Very little book use (all of the information that you need to know is posted on the course webpage).,2.0,2.0
I took the online version of this class, it's not very hard, yet be very careful on the details of the hw so that you get all the points. Yet, this professor is rude, I asked for help and he simply replied 'I already told you this, show up for class and you would understand.' If I'm online it's because I obviously can't come to class.,2.0,4.0
Never went to class and still got an A. Easy class. Make sure you go over the review sheet before the exam. Use the CD, and you'll get a 100 on every assignment. Oh, and heads up, the research paper isn't graded at all on content, only on format. Don't waste your time writing a quality paper.,3.0,1.0
The class is really boring but easy... you don't have to go to class to do well.,2.5,2.0
This class is extremely boring. Attendance is not mandatory so no one shows up. The tests are hard even if you do the study guide, but the extra credit at the end will leave you with a chance to get an A. If you are taking this class most likely it is a required class. Just suck it up, its only a semester,2.0,2.0
Definitely an easy A class but he allows no motivation to go to class. Notes and assignments are all online. The book won't do you much good but the tutorial video is a lifesaver when it comes to the homework. No-brainer class.,5.0,2.0
Read off the powerpoints which were posted on blackboard, I found the few lectures I attended to be monotonous. Class started with 400 people and by mid-semester, 5% of the class would attend. Textbook itself is not needed, the CD which comes with it is the key to success. If you're decent with a computer you'll do fine without studying excessively,3.0,1.0
nice,5.0,4.0
He is a great teacher. Although he reads some of the powerpoints he explains things in detail. Sometimes he will give the multiple choice questions and answers directly from the test. Easy tests and assignments. Definitely an easy A. Highly Recommended.,4.0,1.0
his class is basically online because his lectures are POINTLESS. You buy a text book you never open, which comes with a cd. However, the cd is quite useful; it is to some degree your ticket to an A. follow what the cd says and you will get an A without having to attend to class. GREAT GPA BOOSTER!,2.0,1.0
Class is pointless, all he did was show powerpoints that he posts on blackboard anyways. Don't waste the money on the textbook; all you need is the CD, which can be found cheap online. Much easier on a PC than a Mac. Watch out for the Access project. And make sure you study for Test 1 especially. Overall, easy class with a boring but nice teacher.,3.5,2.0
CD for class is VERY important to do the assignments, you just watch the tutorials and do the projects. they seem to take random points off for no reason so check up on what they take off for and tell them if you think they were wrong, theyll fix it. concepts tests hard but if you get As on the projects you can afford to get Cs on the tests.,3.5,3.0
If you have actual interest in this subject take a different teacher because I went to class 2 times and got an A+. His lectures make you fall asleep and tests are EXTREMELY EASY. One good thing about him is he made study guide with the same questions as the test. If you want an easy A take this class. Just do Study guide and read the power points.,3.0,1.0
The guy is a dumbass. No in depth knowledge. Why should one simply memorize his powerpoint slides? Passes time telling stories. Basically worthless. His classes are a bore. Stay away from his class.,1.0,1.0
Interesting classes (stories and discussions), but basically just covers PP Slides and tells you what to memorize for tests. Assigned book is worthless!,4.0,1.0
pointless class... he's boring and gives too many stories during class. memorizing powerpoint slides should not constitute a college course,1.0,3.0
Stay away. Dream crusher .. no in depth materials. He thinks that by memorizing the text book he can be a good teacher.,1.0,4.0
Good teacher. Seems genuinely concerned about students. Lacks indepth subject knowledge.,4.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
I like the tootsie rolls!!!,5.0,2.0
Proper prof from the old school. Fair and knowledgeable. He'll call you out if you're just speaking for the sake of hearing yourself. Doesn't let students hijack lectures. Won't boost your grade just because you occasionally visit him during office hours. If you think he's mean or unfair, re-evaluate your idea of teaching learning.,3.0,4.0
The rudest, most uninspiring, bitter, and forlorn professor. He seems to have an anger against the world. He actually made a student cry in front of class once. He did't hesitate to call students " stupid " or ask outright, " How did you get into University ?! ". Very dishevelled, looks **** all the time.,1.5,3.0
He mummbles a lot during his lectures, making it very difficult to understand what he is saying. I think he forgets we pay to take his class. He is extremely rude to students when there is no need for it- e.g. always wants students to ask questions, but responds rudely when they ask,1.5,4.0
He mumbles about crap in his lectures. He seems to be very angry, **** and disorganized all the time. Does not know the meaning of " human integrity ". Once asked someone in front of class, " How the hell did you get into University?" and with that, I often wonder how the hell he got into the UNiversity bc he treats people inhumanely.,1.0,3.0
he's not that bad, and has a good heart. also very smart. the guy who says he's from harvard law, i don't believe you! how do you have enough time to cruise this site, lol... you don't have to lie: you can just say you think Art sucks,3.5,3.0
Great Prof. I had him for international relations & american foreign policy. He remembered me from my writing from the first course. So don't think he doesn't know you. Very strict in his classes but overall not a bad guy.,3.5,3.0
He's a good professor and knows a lot about the material he teaches. He seems strict and rude, but that's just his mannerism. He's not unreasonable, and his exams are straightforward. A lot of req'd reading, so be prepared to put in the effort and time.,3.5,4.0
Terrible professor. The worst I ever had in university.,1.0,5.0
This guy is a clown of the highest order. He once told me, my knowledge of American government would always be limited. Now that I've graduated from Harvard Law School and am actively involved with the DNC in Washington, I guess we know who was wrong.,1.0,5.0
Good Prof. Very smart and knowledgable about politics, although you have to work hard to do well - should it be any other way?,5.0,3.0
hes a tough nut to crack,4.0,4.0
Worst Professor I had while at UofT. He made a student cry during her presentation because he disagreed with her. I dislike him not only as a Professor, but as a human being.,2.0,5.0
Don't let his after class charm fool you. His essays on Diplomacy were marked terribly by a disgruntled T.A. and Rubinoff did nothing about it!!! Average on the essay was below 50%!!!!!!!!,2.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
Very intriguing, but tough,2.0,4.0
he can be polarizing and his lectures are mostly giving additional details to the notes so you dont need to show up. for participation he wants thoughtful contributions instead of just regurgitation which is where i lost marks on. dont get me wrong he can be a hardass but ultimately he wants you to succeed and i ended up loving his class,5.0,4.0
If I can say one thing about my years in uoft, I'd say uoft needs to fire him. His lectures are just reading off the outline in a boring voice. The grading is extremely strict, and I emailed the ta multiple times and never got a response back. Not to mention that the participation is subjectively determined by the prof. RUN.,1.0,5.0
He ignored my questions. Disrespectful,1.0,5.0
As a student who consistently scores A grades in both econ and essay heavy courses, this class was extremely difficult. It's a mixture of memorizing economic history and conveying your ideas. Barely passed the first written assignment (my lowest grade in all 4 years) and dropped the course after hearing the class average was a C+ historically.,1.0,5.0
The epitome of Uoft,1.0,5.0
This professor is very disrespectful to people. Saying that a student is doing academic misconduct without any evidence, the reason he reduced your essay score can be that you are not integrated enough,1.0,5.0
Worse economics professor ever. Does not care for students. Entitled piece of sh*t. He would not survive in the industry.,1.0,4.0
The worst prof I've had at this university and I'm graduating soon. Avoid at all costs - should have asked my friends around me before taking this course. They all said they avoided taking this course.,1.0,2.0
Professor Furlong is polarizing but is one of the few economics professors who will give students different perspectives on economic doctrines (classical liberal, neoclassical, Keynesian, monetarist, neoliberal), which the standard econ classes lack big time. If you understand his notes, you don't have to do the readings.,5.0,4.0
ECO428 is an economic history course with a lot of reading and writing. There are no maths or equations, so if you prefer that, then this could be a course for you. Prof. Furlong is a tough grader, especially on the mid term and the 3 summaries. The 15 page essay and the final are graded rather moderately. Participation in tut is very important.,4.0,4.0
He is so mean and doesn't respect students. He always gives super low grades and when I was trying to argue for higher marks, he said "As a fourth year econ student, I think you were being very useless..." I was like wth? Is that the way a professor should behave?,1.0,5.0
Furlong taught me ECO101 and 342 and the best way to describe him would be polarizing those who love him love him to death, and those who hate him hate him in guts. For me, he is the former.,5.0,5.0
A, follow along in his lectures and keep ahead on his notes, you will do fine. B, very clear on his content and gives insights into exams in advance. C, might seem a bit rude at the lecture or asking questions when you don't pay attention in class, but a pretty genuine guy who wants students to be successful,4.0,3.0
One of the meanest profs Ive had. Constantly yelling in class. Midterm and exam were hard and unclear as well.,1.0,4.0
A good prof. He gives a package at the beginning of the semester for all your notes for the class. His lectures and notes can be a bit messy though. Once yelled at me for taking notes in class :/,3.0,3.0
Furlong's lectures are super unclear and the essay grading is vague. Hard to see you effort translate into good grades.,1.0,3.0
I took two FYF seminars with him, Furlong is a great prof. He has this $5 note package that basically summarizes everything you need to know for each lecture.,5.0,3.0
Furlong's lectures are super unclear and he goes off on tangents.,1.0,4.0
He's grades super harshly without any clear criteria. Not super caring either.,1.0,4.0
This professors rude attitude and dull approach to teaching is astronomical. Easily the worst course I have ever taken with probably the most inexperienced professor. Classroom discussions are nothing less than hostile. Beware from this course and avoid this prof at all costs.,1.0,5.0
Furlong is a good prof but goes on tangents way too much in this particular class. Assignments are graded unnecessarily hard and very memorization heavy. Hard to see all your efforts translate to good grades. Another thing that bothers me, he assumes that you know alot of the background material already.,2.0,4.0
Amazing professor, I took 4 courses with Prof. F. He really cares about the students who are willing to put in effort, went to office hours several times and always left with a smile. Slightly disorganized at times, but maintains a central focus on the theme being discussed. His courses are not easy, but I would highly recommend this professor!,5.0,4.0
WORST PROFESSOR EVER. Unprofessional attitude and disrespectful to students.,1.0,5.0
Def recommend ECO428, best economic classed I have taken so far.,5.0,4.0
He's hilarious! Although his lectures are kind of everywhere sometimes, but his notes are super clear. His tests are also very straightforward and he has review sessions before the test which is really helpful. He actually cares about the students and a really funny person at the same time.,4.0,2.0
Furlong will literally tell you all the diagrammatic questions that will be on the test/exam. And a few days before the final, he holds a review session where he goes over some key diagrams to know for the final (he literally gives away like 20 - 30 marks in these sessions). Definitely make sure to attends all his lectures.,4.0,4.0
Furlong was a great prof. He would answer most questions you had after class but wasn't really available for office hours. He dropped massive hints for tests (Very clear in what is important) so going to lectures is recommended. Major bonus was his notes which pretty clearly outlined what lectures talked about in terms of material,5.0,2.0
Knowledgable, with a mixed ability to convey the material clearly. You either love him or don't. Some lectures he was harsh and rude, while others he was thought-provoking and interesting. He high key curves the testing/exam. You've got to put a lot of energy into understanding the material.,3.0,4.0
Disrespectful,1.0,5.0
Extremely rude professor, which I never met before. Asked him a question right after the lecture and he refused to answer anything because I did not ask during the lecture. Such a weird prof, we paid your salary and you gave us attitude.,1.0,3.0
I do not intend to go on with economics programs so I chose the course simply because many of my friends took it. Later I found it is actually an interesting course and Furlong is also quite amusing. He curves the test marks and I think the graph questions on the final were questions from past tests. A great option for ECO101.,4.0,3.0
Terribly rude and disrespectful.,1.0,5.0
Absolutely hilarious, and clearly cares about his students. Will take time before, after and outside of class to meet with you if you need extra help. I learned a lot, he is a great lecturer,4.0,4.0
Probably one of the most memorable classes taken so far, lectures and content were very engaging. The lectures all build around logical principles in previous lectures so you can't miss any. Opened my mind on quite a few things. He expects a lot out of his students though so beware. 15 page essay + class presentation + two tests.,5.0,4.0
Lectures can be boring and his explanations can be unclear but the notes package he provides is good - notes have the same explanations as in class but they're clearer, so you can get away with skipping class as long as you read and understand his notes. Exams are really similar to the practice exams he puts up so make sure to review those.,3.0,3.0
He is extremely rude to students and spends most of the lectures making jokes that aren't that funny instead of properly explaining the content.,1.0,3.0
He is the best professor I have had yet. He really wants his students to do well and even sells a "textbook" for $10 (it covers all his lecture notes and includes problem sets). If you attend his lecture and do the problem sets, you will not fail. If you get him, take advantage of it.,5.0,4.0
By far the best econ prof I had at U of T. This man knows what he's talking about; he'll open your eyes to how theories actually relate to the world and make 3 hour lectures seem like an hour. If you're willing to do some work, he'll take you deep into the understandings of econ theory. Take the man's 4th year courses; you'll be rewarded immensely.,5.0,3.0
This man is my guy! I'm not in Rotman commerce, i took econ as an elective, but he honestly makes my day. He's hilarious and gives funny expressions. His explanations are pretty good, and though he might seem very harsh, he has very good intentions. His $10 notes are god-sent, mans literally caused shift in demand for textbooks in bookstore.,5.0,5.0
nice guy,5.0,1.0
Professor Furlong's "lecture notes" are 13-15 pages of what he says in class so most of his class is him reading off his notes (which may be difficult to follow especially if english is not your first language.) Only take this course if you are TRULY interested in Canadian Eco History. (This course feels more catered towards IR students than BComm),1.0,4.0
A fun prof that jokes a lot. He covers the basics of economics with some insight, and I found his first lecture to be ok. But it seems that he thought students had little math background, so it is a pain to sit through him explaining all the formulas half the class. So the test might be hard, because his teaching level doesn't match that of tests'.,3.0,3.0
Read his notes and you should be fine. But his tests are hard,3.0,4.0
Overall an amazing prof. He makes lectures interesting and makes it easy to engage in topics (and form a deeper understanding). Easily the best prof I've ever taken.,5.0,3.0
Professor Furlong is truly inspirational! I'm in Rotman doing over ECO100 (ECO101/102 now) and I wish he taught the Rotman section. His lectures are a bit dull sometimes but his explanations are crystal clear and his package is literally a lifesaver. I would definitely take the course with him if you can. He actually cares about students.,5.0,3.0
Furlong was one of my best profs at U of T and I almost changed my program, I enjoyed this class so much! He's also really nice in office hours. A lot of the people who didn't like him were mainly students who were struggling and couldn't even do grade six math as I had multiple people ask me in class how to calculate a percent.,5.0,3.0
His notes are nice, but his lectures are so unorganized, and he doesn't explain things well. He goes through the concepts and solutions too fast and spends too much time talking about useless sarcasms and jokes... His 3-hour lectures was such a pain,2.0,4.0
A great prof! He is nice and helpful and you can tell he wants to help students in academics but sometimes gets mad when students don't work hard. Tests are easy and most of the questions are announced before the test. He talks pretty fast in lecture so you have to pay attention otherwise you can't follow his concept. And really inspirational!,5.0,2.0
One of the best classes I have taken with Furlong!! Lectures were very interesting and very easy course. He explains the topics so well and very easy to follow,5.0,1.0
Had to redo ECO100 and I'm glad I'm taking ECO101 with Furlong! It's a shame he doesn't teach the Rotman section. Great prof; clearly explains concepts and his $10 notes are life. Practice hard and you can easily get a 3.7 or higher.,5.0,3.0
If you want to pass ECO101/102, take it with this man. Take it from somebody who took ECO100 with a different prof at first. Furlong is so fantastic with answering any questions you may have because he really really wants you to succeed. Practice exams are very similar to actual ones -- this is SO rare in econ. Man is an absolute legend.,5.0,3.0
If you take eco100, chose this guy. He gives you notes and problems sets. His actual tests are identical to the practise ones so he tests extremely fairly. The short answers he sets for the final are also repetitive. Its very easy to do well if you do all of his problem sets/past tests and make the effort to learn all the content from his notes.,4.0,4.0
Amazing prof. Take his eco100 if you can. Best lecture style i have ever seen, so much fun while giving you real insight about the impact of econ in the world. will provide his own notes for you to study. tests are extremely fair. easy 4.0,5.0,4.0
this guy makes 3 hour lectures bearable amazing prof, very open to questions during break (even the stupid ones that I ask), TAKE THIS PROF FOR FIRST YEAR ECON!!!,5.0,4.0
Really terrible Prof. He gets sidetracked easily in lectures and doesn't explain things well. He rushes through concepts and calculations and they end up being extremely unorganized. Also, if you don't understand something, instead of re-explaining it more clearly, he usually just says 'get with the program or you'll fail the course'.,1.0,4.0
Can be pretty funny in his lectures. Doesn't use powerpoints so he can be hard to follow in his lectures. But at least he sells notes for a cheap price which is nice. Be careful about when you talk to him because sometimes he's nice to you and sometimes he lashes out pretty harshly for unexplained reasons.,2.0,3.0
Provides very good notes. But asking for help resulted in me crying. He didn't exactly hear me out at all in our very short conversation. Tried asking him another question after that and he wouldn't even let me ask the question as he promptly proceeded to literally shoo me out, telling me it was a waste of his time. I cry too easily but dude...,1.0,4.0
very good,5.0,2.0
Funny guy, but terrible prof. He doesn't even write things down. He does not dedicate any time to any of these lectures. He just stands in the middle of the room and talks. Once you start writing, you forget what you were supposed to take note on. He needs to start using some powerpoint slides or else how will anyone remember what he teaches?,1.0,5.0
Impossible to follow, has trouble finishing important points ie his sentences... uses 3 sentence starters before finishing a sentence and sometimes never even finishes the sentence and then just jumps to something else. Super unorganized. He has good points and a funny guy but lectures feel like a huge waste or time. Can't stand it,2.0,3.0
His lectures aren't the easiest to follow, but his notes are great and he genuinely cares about his students. I've had him for other classes as well, and he's probably the most memorable of my profs so far. Take his class seriously and go to office hours every so often and you'll do very well in his course.,4.0,3.0
I came into this course looking forward to being taught by Prof. Furlong due to past feedback. However, he proved to be a biased and unfair grader. Very disappointed in his lack of professionalism and would not recommend anyone to take his courses.,1.0,3.0
Very subjective and biased grader. Does not provide useful feedback and will give an unjustifiable reason if grade is appealed.,1.0,3.0
He provides very organized notes. The graphs on lectures are super clear to understand.,5.0,4.0
He makes a 3 hour lecture actually bearable,5.0,3.0
Furlong is a great professor and cares tremendously about his students. Furlong makes economics so interesting that at one point I almost even changed my program to economics just because of how much I enjoyed his class. Do not skip his lectures though as usually his tests focuses a lot on examples done in class.,5.0,3.0
He's a funny professor who is a great teacher. He's respectable to his students. Show up to class, study his notes and do the package questions and you'll get a great mark.,5.0,3.0
Furlong really cares about his students - buy his notes package, as everything you need in terms of course material comes from there. He simplifies concepts from a very challenging introductory course and makes it relevant to current affairs and everyday life. Lectures are funny and well-delivered, get ready to pay attention or he'll pick on you!,4.0,4.0
A great professor that makes you work for it, get ready to listen.,4.0,4.0
His notes are extremely unorganized including course material on portal. He teaches economics in a very mathematical based instead of theory based. Very memorization based.,1.0,4.0
His $10 notes are self sufficient. Honestly, his test reflect the homework assigned at the back of the notes. Sometimes his explanations go over the head, but read his notes they've been explained really well there. Just go to class, sit in the front row, and listen to the hint he gives out for the exam ;),5.0,3.0
Roughly 30% of the mark is participation, perfect course for first year. Helps strengthen your writing skills for later years, while getting a good grade. He is very accessible for questions and gives good feedback, definitely recommend this course.,5.0,1.0
At the end I actually learned the content, I think he explains it harder than it actually is.... He should use more practice examples in class.... I highly recommend you find a study group because it may easy the difficulty to understand his notes and lectures. His a tough grader but if you seek for help after the exam is graded he might help you.,2.5,4.0
Amazing Prof. He's very clear in his lectures and very friendly and supportive if you go to his office hours. His lectures are hilarious and his happy optimistic attitude makes his lectures engaging and fun. His tests are also very fair and what you see in lectures and homework you can expect to see on the exams.,5.0,1.0
I don't think his lecture is clear but his notes (C$10) does!,2.5,3.0
Very modern.,4.5,2.0
I have not skip single one of Furlong's lectures since he's the best professor I've ever had. His way of explaining economics concepts is very clear and unique and he's very entertaining as well. His notes is a must and you don't need a textbook.,5.0,2.0
The best thing that happened to me at UofT. Literally haven't met a better prof. He is super passionate about Economics and makes you engaged into the process. His lectures are interesting and tbh hilarious. Love that man. P.S. May take some time to get used to him. But you'll love him. Plus, he's fair and his NOTES are life.,4.5,3.0
His lecture is very enjoyable, however the mcs are rather tough,5.0,5.0
Loved him!! Got my first 97 in UofT and I'm in Life Science majors. You don't want to miss his classes, he makes it clear what will be on the tests. Also, his notes are a must have, you need to pay him twice to get both packages and they are so worth it! With his notes, you won't need the textbook at all! The material is very stimulating!,5.0,2.0
Amazing professor and well taught lectures. You know how some profs like to give students something completely new on the exam and then claim it was for stimulating? He won't do it! Everything you learn in class will be on the exam but not more. I enjoyed office hours, and how he explains material. He also has a good sense of humour.,5.0,2.0
I enjoy his humour.,5.0,2.0
Amazing teacher,5.0,1.0
I stopped going to class in second semester. This course is mostly a self study course. In preparing for tests do all past tests Furlong provides and UNDERSTAND each question carefully then it is an easy A. For the final do all questions from the exam repository and understand them. ATTEND HIS TUTORIALS FOR FINAL EXAMS AS WELL!,3.5,2.0
This is the prof to have when you take ECO100. He prepares you for the final exam very well, making you always think in terms of diagrams. He sells notes which are a compact version of the textbook. If you skip his class you are looking to fail, but if you stick with him, you will benefit immensely if you're an econ major.,5.0,1.0
my favourt professor,5.0,2.0
No textbook needed, his notes will get you there,4.0,3.0
He is so mean. He will satirize when you make requests to him. Doesn't respect the student at all.,1.0,5.0
ordinary,3.0,3.0
Although economics is considered to be quite difficult course, I didn't feel it at all in my first year. Furlong explained everything very clear and was really helpful when it was needed. Besides, his test are really easy comparing to those of other profs.,4.5,1.0
Best eco 100 prof. Honestly!,5.0,1.0
Very smart prof but has difficultly transferring his knowledge to his students. Needs clarity and more explanation of course material. DON'T TAKE THIS COURSE IF YOU ARE NOT IN ECO100. Ten times more difficult for students not taking economics,1.5,4.0
THE MAN LETS YOU BUY HIS NOTES. HIS ENTIRE NOTES FOR THE COURSE AND THATS IT. no textbook no bs. concise clear notes in a big ass package. the man is engaging and will point you out. if you arent into that dont sit close to the front. haha. tricky tests but his lecturing was very strong,5.0,3.0
Great Professor with a lot to say. He makes an effort to answer all of the student's questions and engage us in discussion. A great seminar to take!,4.5,2.0
Compared to the other prof, Furlong's approach to economics is unique and interesting. He focuses a lot on how economics develops and he gives you a lot of helpful resources and tips to make sure you do well on your midterms and prepares you well for exams. His tests are structured and just do past test repeatedly and you will be fine.,5.0,2.0
easy course, exam MC a little tricky. but my god he really knows how to teach and gives interesting real world examples of the course material. honestly if you are willing to learn the material you'll be getting 90s because he explains really well and gives you package of notes for the whole year so no txtbook! I would def take this again 85 final!,4.5,4.0
After an initial dry run at ECO 100, Furlong proved that each prof brings their own approach to the course. He's equation heavy, and not afraid to express his opinions, but that is what made the lectures both challenging and interesting. Most importantly his alternate materials to the text are all you will need to "get it" at $20 compared to 150,4.5,3.0
- quite the character (took me some time to used to him) - his course packet is the most helpful and organize, i was so appreciative of it - his lectures are straight forward, and for me at least, fair to follow.,4.0,3.0
Do not see him teaching ECO100 in UTSG this year, since last year, class average is C-, means most of students get below 70, if you need 70 to fulfill you program requirement, it got a wrong guy.,2.0,5.0
for a C grade take his course, not pressure at all, if you want a B, think twice, sometimes late, but will have extra review session, no need to buy text, he has note for sale, but will not help you on Multiple choice question in final, really think twice,1.5,4.0
Good Prof., but the final exam is too tough. I had 80% before final, but ended up with 65% in course grade, need to retake this in the summer. his final exam made me stressful and so huge impact to the MC section. I would say take his class, if you want to learn sth. but for good mark? take sb. else.,4.0,4.0
Great prof! His lectures never cease to be funny cause he goes on about some funny story and manages to relate it back to economics. He is definitely really passionate about economics and makes me want to as well. Sells a work book each term for $10 so you don't have to buy the textbook and its definitely worth every cent! Tests are tricky though!,4.5,4.0
Really good prof, able to explain complecate things in the combination of math and eco ideas..,5.0,3.0
Great professor! Retaking this course in the summer after I ended up with a 66 last year with Indart. I hated Eco and Furlong made me love the course. Interesting, passionate, helpful, clear and direct. Tells you what he expects and despite not being the easiest of profs is the one who prepares you the best. Do the work & you'll get the mark.,5.0,2.0
Prof Furlong is an amazing teacher. He can appear scary in his words, but in his actions, we can see how much he cares for us to do well, in making things easy for us, providing seminars, in trung to understand our weakpoints, in being flexibile and supportive. I really appreciate is teaching and sincere actions.,4.5,4.0
great prof. best of the 1st year commerce next to tate. engaging lectures, clear speaker. textbook is completely useless, he sells a workbook for $8. tests are okay, multiple choice is ridiculous (some questions have options going up to letter s!). overall great guy.,4.5,3.0
Funny prof, his round belly and random onomatopoeia always keeps me engaged in his class. Fairly easy if you do your work. Bell curve every time.,4.0,2.0
best prof in yr 09-10! his booklet is useful with $8, clear explanation,5.0,4.0
Very useful examples in class. Connects the real world with in class theories very well. Test questions are a bit hard since you need to know every detail in order to connect everything together and have a clear mind. Tutorials are very helpful. He is very humorous! Best Lecturer!,5.0,4.0
His tests are hard (MCs are very tricky), but he is the best ECO100 prof in the '09 school year! His lectures involve explaining one concept, and going over many examples similar to what you'll see in tests/exams. Buy his $8 booklet for each semester, do the questions, wish yourself luck for the MCs, and you'll be just fine.,5.0,4.0
Really easy tests! Not very clear lecture but his notes and tutorials are helpful!,3.0,1.0
Had to retake this course after having passed it with a B+ to apply to a certain program. Unfortunately, Furlong ruined economics for me and it was the most unpleasant class to attend and far from motivated me...,1.0,3.0
Proffesor Furlong is amazing! I look forward to going to his classes every week. His lectures are pertinent and inspiring. Marks wise, I am having a hard time in his class, and I don't even know if I will make it into the commerce program but I wouldn't trade his lectures for any other professors.Im looking forward to being in another course of his,4.0,4.0
most people dropped his eco100 because his tests are extremely hard and he is not very helpful at all.,2.0,5.0
He certainly knows economics very well and what he is talking about. He has put a lot of effort on planning the course and the course materials are related to the real world and inspiring. His tests are hard especially the multiple choices-Guarantee more than 5 options however, among the profs I have met in first year, he is the best.,5.0,5.0
Best economics prof ever!,4.5,3.0
Professor Furlong is great. He is knowledgeable, entertaining, clear, and charismatic. He knows the material and knows how to teach it. His tests are very fair; he said on the first day "I will test you on every word I say in class and nothing more" and certainly lived up to it!. He provides plenty of review material so it is not hard to do wel,4.5,4.0
...,2.5,3.0
I would definitely recommend taking ECO321 with professor furlong. he gives everyone all the notes and those are exactly whats going to be on the test so theres no suprises. in lecture he goes over the notes and tries to making it entertaining as possible. great class structure. he's also REALLY helpful if you're willing to ask him questions,5.0,2.0
HE'S THE BEST PROF EVER. CLEAR NOTES, LECTURES. FAIR TESTS. IT'S HARD NOT TO DO WELL IN HIS CLASS.,5.0,4.0
Very good prof. Explains material very clearly. Problem sets are very much like the questions on the test, so you know what to expect. Also has sense of humour.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
Professor Furlong is a great professor. He is willing to answer your question when need, but usually long line ups in the class. He has a sense of humor, that always lighten up the class.,3.5,3.0
He's a great, funny professor. He teaches with great clarity and he's constantly trying to get everyone in the class involved and you'll start feeling very comfortable about openly asking questions. His tests are very fair and there's no way you'll do bad in his class because you'll actually pay attention in class.,5.0,3.0
i think hes a great prof. hes very clear and not boring like every other uoft prof. he also doesn't read a powerpoint presentation. EVERYONE PROF DOES THAT. His test are ez too. HE BASICALLY GIVES YOU THE ANSWER. his past midterms are the same as present ones.,4.0,2.0
He's organised, interesting, great sense of humour! I struggle with the subject, Prof. Furlong has been supportive and helpful. His notes and exercises help any willing student learn the subject! He's one of the best profs I've had.,4.5,4.0
Great professor. No nonsense. Just does his thang,,4.0,3.0
Probably one of the worst profs i've ever had...He totally rushes through the lecture and you hardly have time to absorb what he says...I suggest taking a large coffee to class so you don't fall asleep....ALSO his finals reek something fierce!,1.5,4.0
Good and friendly,but seems too busy rushing through his lecture.,4.0,1.0
Good prof. who lays a good foudation for future studies in economics. Leaves the b.s. out of the lecture and teaches you whatever you need to know. go team,4.0,3.0
Easy course provided you don't fall asleep.,4.0,1.0
He hates you already!,1.0,5.0
keeps talking econ history, very sleepy,2.5,3.0
the best prof I've had so far. He's clear in lectures & makes u wanna learn,3.5,2.0
No Comments,4.5,1.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
an average prof. in university,3.0,2.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
Fabulous prof for first year students!,5.0,2.0
Have no idea what he's talking about in lectures. lectures & text don't coincide,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
Furlong and Franco for President, 2004!!! These guys are awesome together!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
helpful when approached, but lectures need to be clearer,3.5,3.0
cannot explain his point clearly,1.0,4.0
A great professor! You learn stuff you can use from him!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
very bad lecturer! exams and tests are OK!,1.0,3.0
hated that class, had no concern for students,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
very disorganized in lecture material,1.0,4.0
his lectures suck,3.5,4.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
No Comments,2.0,5.0
very clear, not bad,4.5,2.0
change to Krashinsky,2.0,2.0
at york, easy to understand, fair tests, fair person in general,5.0,2.0
This professor makes you think... something others do not. I recommend him.,4.0,3.0
Terrible class, learned nothing, hated it.,1.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,1.0
can't read his writing, can't understand anything, barely passed,1.5,4.0
it's soooo hard to read his writing..,2.5,4.0
Students have to attend her lecture to get the note. Her lectures and notes are clear. Little harsh about the class rule, no cell phone during class time,4.0,3.0
Bad course experience, I regret selecting this section for Professor Vaughan. She was not willing to solve your questions about the economy. I should have to choose another professor. My friend chose another section where professor speaks clearly and shows a lot of models and examples to help their own students understand.,1.0,2.0
To start with, as an English native speaker, I cannot understand what she said in sometimes. In addition, if youre willing to take her course, I advise that you can just download all PowerPoints and read it by yourself. When she teaches the lecture, she just read the powerpoint. If UW gives me a glass and microphone, I could also be a professor.,1.0,2.0
Professor Vaughan is one of the best econ profs at Waterloo. She explains things very clearly and also provides her own notes. She is also very caring and has a wonderful character (but no phones in her class lol). Easy tests and finals and definitely would take her class again!,5.0,2.0
If you love playing your phone during lectures, dont choose her. Or else, you will find her interesting and engaging in class. Amazing teacher and the tests are not hard if you studied.,5.0,2.0
Excellent, engaging lectures. Definitely made me enjoy Econ 102 more than I expected to.,5.0,2.0
A bit strict in class about cell phones but at least she makes the lectures funny and enjoyable. Has her own in class notes but they're mostly to help you understand concepts.,4.0,3.0
Her lecture was amazing!,5.0,1.0
No phones or talking allowed or she will call you out. She is a very sweet lady--but super tough!!-- and one of the best profs I have ever had. Very smart and articulate, but very kind and sweet as well! You can tell she is very caring. Accessible outside of class. Overall awesome lady and best econ prof I've ever had! Legend of the faculty.,5.0,3.0
Super caring and helpful. Very clear lectures.,5.0,2.0
She was a great prof. The course material is pretty hard but she is very helpful during office hours. Very enthusiastic. Hard quizzes.,5.0,4.0
Truly cares about her students and the course material.,5.0,2.0
She is overall a great lecturer. Gives lots of notes and cares about her students very much.,4.0,3.0
Vaughan really is a gem. The people who dislike her are the ones called out in class for being on their phones. She has 0 tolerance for disrespect in her class so keep quiet and leave your phone in your bag. You won't regret it because her lectures are hilarious. She explains topics well and is extremely receptive to questions for clarification.,5.0,3.0
Quirky prof. Not the best with the material. I would only recommend taking her class if you have no plans to do any higher level econ courses, otherwise take a different prof who will actually teach you what you'll need for the following courses.,2.0,3.0
Cares about her students more than any prof I've ever had. Everything is organized well, and presented in a manner that sets students up for success.,5.0,3.0
Great lecturer.,5.0,3.0
If you actually go to every class and listen to her attentively, she explains material clearly and you won't have to read the textbook at all! Her slides are great and she gives hand-written class notes with sufficient time to write them down. Her slides, in class notes, and study guide were enough for all exams. Exams were fair insofar you study!,4.5,4.0
She's a great teacher especially compared to the other economics teacher. She uses the textbook slides but she does make her own notes that is actually helpful. Answers any questions. Speaks clearly and talks slowly so everyone understands. She actually waits till everyone is finished typing out her notes. A bit intimidating but she's quite chill.,4.0,2.0
Professor Vaughan is one of the best econ profs in the school. She's very insightful on the topic of macroeconomics and you can tell she truly enjoys her field. She is definitely fair and as long as you go to her classes, you'll do well on her exams. Her notes and slides were all I really needed to get a great mark in the class.,5.0,1.0
She has lots of notes and she never posts them so in the lecture you just keep writing copying the notes and have no time to listen to her. She tries too hard to be funny but her jokes are not funny at all. The midterm was weird. There were lots of strange questions and I wonder if she was trying to show off her Latin on the midterm....,1.0,5.0
Her midterms are straightforward, but final exam is hard!!!,3.5,4.0
Hilarious prof who makes a slightly boring subject kind of interesting. Make sure you study for the midterms and final though,3.5,3.0
She is very glad to help you when you visit her in office hours to clear up any confusion. Her lectures are very enjoyable because she's very funny. She's one of the sweetest ladies around to strike up any conversation with too!,3.5,3.0
class is super strict, she will NOT let you eat in her class, even if it's just a granola bar. If she catches you on fb or on your phone, watch out. On her tests, she puts a lot of things she glossed over, might as well just read textbook and not go to class. Can be both nice and super mean, I asked her a question once and she yelled at me..,1.5,3.0
She is a great professor. The study guide was more useful than the textbook itself, and it would totally be possible to do well in the course without even opening the textbook.,4.0,2.0
She takes control of the class, will not tollerate talking, eating, or cell phone use. Seems strict at first but really just creates a better learning environment. Makes a lot more notes than the ones on the slides, so you will have to attend class to get the full story. Midterms aren't too tough but you do have to do some reading over.,3.5,2.0
If u think this class is easy ur delusional. I got a 95 plus (no specifics for anonymity) and im telling u its not easy, gave it alot of effort but im sick so i bagged dem grades. Prof is decent, 1 problem is she sometimes assumes u know too much (probably subconsciously) and ends up not explaining the base well, other than that, all normal,3.0,3.0
Prof is not useful at all. Explanations are over simplified relative to the textbook. Spends too much class time telling ppl to get off their devices like just keep teaching. Anyways read the book and you can do good, but careful cuz its not a bird like ppl say. I got 93 but worked hard for it relative to other classes, so dont fall behind 2 much,1.0,3.0
hates if u talk in class, and won't really help u if u get on her bad side. otherwise, good enough prof, recommend taking notes by hand,4.0,3.0
I attended all the appropriate lectures for midterm 2. Did not attend any classes thereafter, but did read the appropriate chapters 2 hours prior to midterm. Easy 85%. She does not however answer questions really well if you want detailed in-depth answers.,3.0,2.0
A funny and sassy lady. She frequently quote Drake as a "economist". Gives out notes that will not be posted online; better attend lectures to get notes down. Exams aren't too hard if you do the practice questions on the study guide. Almost never opened the textbook cause her class slides covered everything you need.,3.5,2.0
Generally reiterates textbook material. I went to all classes and spent 0 minutes studying, received an approximate grade of 82% (4555) for midterm 1. Complexity of content increases in between first-second midterm, but difficulty remains in principle the same. Basically one and two-dimensional multivarable analysis.,3.5,2.0
Really nice and funny. Her lectures are very clear and she usually gives enough time for her very thorough notes to be taken. Doesn't stray very far from the textbook yet complains about how stupid it is. Exams are pretty easy if you study the notes she puts up in class. Great personality, good professor overall,4.0,2.0
Best professor in the economics department. I highly recommend taking her classes if you can. I got 95's in the two courses I took with her. Yes I attended every class and yes I read the textbook which was really simple and straightforward. No surprises on her tests and she prepares students well for them.,5.0,2.0
She's a good prof but exams were poorly structured and only multiple choice.,1.5,4.0
poor teacher, mathies avoid her! using a new textbook, wouldn't stop complaining about how it wasn't the way she would teach it, was willing to re-explain concepts that she thought were important, but not very clear overall, she took exam problems straight from the study guide (study from the text because she tests from the book, not lectures),2.5,2.0
The professor was knowledgeable and entertaining to say the least. She expects everyone to listen and not to talk during lectures. There was a 2 midterms and a final and they seemed pretty fair. Students should attend lectures as she doesn't provide all the information needed on the slides that she posts. Overall good professor!,3.0,3.0
Beware, she will use the terms like "small open economy", or "long run/ short run closed economy", etc in the final exam. Make sure u know which models are those. Otherwise, you will just end up sitting in the exam hall and cry, just like what I did this term.,3.0,3.0
There is no point in writing down her personal notes since they are just the powerpoint reworded. It's better just to listen because she does explain concepts clearly but something about her just puts you to sleep!,4.0,2.0
shes pretty annoying and acts like a high school teacher. the average of the second midterm was a 63 and she doesnt give you any study questions to work with so it forces you to buy the study guide,2.0,4.0
So we started using a new textbook this term and she said we're her "experiment". The whole class, at least a lot of people, did very poorly on second midterm. I merely made a feedback about it and her attitude just annoys me so much. I used to enjoy her classes to be honest, but now I don't even want to see her anymore. She doesn't care about you.,2.5,4.0
Clear and interesting prof. Will result a good mark with average efforts.,3.5,3.0
Engaging even for a morning class. Explains things easily and makes her expectations clear. Not necessarily easy tester/marker but she gives you all of the tools to succeed and adequate examples or all questions .,4.5,3.0
Best prof for macro!!,4.5,3.0
Professor Vaughan was one of my favorite prof in my first year university. She was funny, she knows how to tell interesting jokes, and she respects education. She is a prof who cares about students' performances. Her notes are awesome. Especially on the Fiscal and Monetary policy, she made it crystal clear that it is impossible to be confused.,4.5,3.0
She was an alright educator, and her explanations were clear enough, but I was really displeased with her demeanor in answering questions. She is near-brusque, and will just brush you off if you have any meaningful questions.,2.0,3.0
Her notes are bad, as well as her explanations.,1.5,5.0
A good professor but she isn't good at answering student's questions. She often doesn't have the answer to their questions. However, she knows the material well and teaches it effectively. You don't really have to read the textbook, her notes along with the powerpoints are enough.,4.0,1.0
would only recommend to non-majors and first year students. Found explanations to be superficial with HEAVY reliance on the textbook. Material spoon-fed through lecture. Very organized, and covered a lot, but lacked depth.,4.0,4.0
HORRIBLE! worst prof I ever had in uni. Does not teach well. All she does is try and make jokes. Puts up graphs and poorly explains them. Not good at all,1.0,4.0
a useless textbook reader. dont go to class its totally a waste of time.read the textbook yourself and you will be fine.,2.0,1.0
Shes an awesome prof who is pretty funny. She likes to talk about being a senior bodybuilder. Shes also very clear when teaching the material. She makes the class very interesting and I plan on taking her class next year.,4.5,3.0
She was a great prof. I liked her teaching style and her explanations of the concepts. Every class, she had a recap of the previous class. I will likely be taking 202 with her as well.,4.5,2.0
Not good,2.0,5.0
It's a pretty dull course. She adds a ton of her own notes to the slides, which a lot of people found helpful but I found to be repetitive. She's loud and doesn't tolerate any talking, anyone on their cellphones ("toys") or on Facebook. She wanders the room and threatens to take phones away. It's an easy course and very little work.,4.0,1.0
My favorite of about 9 ECON professors I've had at UW. She is very practical and really wants the class to do well. Waits for students to finish copying slides. For ECON 102, with a moderate amount of studying, an 85% or higher should not be hard to achieve.,4.5,2.0
Fantastic prof, great lessons, textbook use is highly recommended for studying, but not necessary for learning course material. Very funny. (Also, don't be a love bird, she will call you out),5.0,1.0
Great professor, makes an otherwise boring class interesting.,4.5,2.0
great prof!,5.0,2.0
Had her for 102 and 202. LOVE HER. 50+ woman with tattoos. Grow up if you want to take her class. She loves mature students who actually want to be there. If you want to just watch youtube, do it at home and get your C-.,4.5,2.0
GOOD,4.0,3.0
A great economics prof! She is really funny and tells random stories during the class. She explains the theories and lectures very clearly and if you study the class is straightforward. All M/C midterms/exam.,4.0,3.0
Most entertaining and useful lectures! Makes fun of you if you talk or distract her in class but they way she teaches really helpes you learn. Midterms and final were fair and straight forward if you read the book or have gone to class. Workload was not demanding at all.,5.0,2.0
pretty straight-forward, her notes are pretty confusing until you actually review/learn the chapter. a lot of material accumulates at the end so keep up.,4.0,3.0
Vaughan made macro a million times better than micro! Her notes and recaps are so helpful, it's definitely worth going to class to copy them, and to witness all the antics. "YOUNG COUPLE!",5.0,1.0
easy to get along with lectures are not so interesting, but if you listen carefully, they're pretty clear. too much notes which you can find all in the text.,3.5,1.0
A great prof! Very funny and engaging, and always interesting. It's worth attending class just to see what kind of antics happen. She will do a quick recap of the previous lesson at the beginning of each lecture, and supplements powerpoint slides with her own notes - very useful! She'll do lots of inclass examples, so go to class!,4.5,2.0
Really great professor! Her explanations are very clear, but exams can be challenging. She's very helpful if you go to her office and really cares about her students. She's also really funny and her lectures were great!,4.5,3.0
ok prof. did well on first two midterms but for some reason bombed the final which came as a shocker as i didnt find the material as challenging as i thought. guess i was wrong?,2.5,2.0
She was kinda interesting (more interesting than other econ profs) but was just too lazy to go to lectures. She pretty much clarifies whats in the text. Fairly easy,4.0,1.0
the course is very very straight forward, but it would help if you get some review questions before the midterms.,3.5,1.0
Can't sleep in that class, I tell you. Rather than having a teacher with monotonous voice, I would rather stand for hers. Not all her jokes are funny; but she is a pretty endearing person. In terms of her teaching, nothing to complain really...,4.5,1.0
Good prof...text is very helpful.,4.0,1.0
Do NOT buy used txtbooks If you have her cause you NEED to have the aplia code. Takes sometime to get her jokes, her personal notes are quite useful. Really gives time to students to take notes. She is VERY loud/dramatic and WILL embarass you in front of the WHOLE class if you talk.,4.0,2.0
Lectures are boring and it's basically her just reiterating the powerpoing slides. But the exams are easy and multiple choice. The overall course is quite easy and the textbook helps a lot.,3.0,2.0
Don't talk, don't daydream, don't breath. She notices everything! and will make sure to embarrass you in front of all 200 students. You might have to get used to her very distinct voice but other than that good prof! she is very loud which gives you no choice but to listen and slides are very clear and helpful since her exams are based on them.,3.5,2.0
DONT WASTE YOUR TIME! DO NOT TAKE HER...unless you dont mind spending the whole class watching youtube(that is what most of the people did for my class) Useless notes, just re-stating the slides given by the publisher. Lack of explanations on graphs, which appears on the tests and exam very often.,1.5,3.0
Had her for 102 and 202. This prof is terrible, uninformative, and to be honest - no one cares how much it cost you to ship a jar of peanut butter to your spoiled daughter in france. Also, that iPod story is getting real old - especially after taking 102 with you as well. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!,1.0,4.0
All her powerpoint transparencies are online so you don't really have to attend class. Her midterm was quite clear and she tells you what will and what won't be on it (just trust her). Her sense of humour takes some time to adjust to.,4.0,2.0
It took me a while to get used to her sense of humor which I later found to be very entertaining. She goes extremely slow. I feel like I'm back in middle school. Makes material really easy. Still uses transparencys and computer iliterate. Nice person. Easy couse. Found attendence in class to be a waste of time. I enjoyed her last lesson,4.5,1.0
She could battle Sarah Palin and win in ditziness, annoyingness and general ineptitude. VERY good at dodging questions. Loud and annoying. Doesn't really know her stuff. Avoid her at all costs. Oh, and her family history is really boring too.,1.0,2.0
Useless lectures since she teaches from the slides that the textbook company provided. Although she is often wrong, she does not admit it and refuses to hear counterarguments. Also she is very rude to students. Her classes are good to sleep in though, if you can tolerate her loud voice. OR you could sleep comfortably at home, you won't miss much.,1.0,1.0
Lectures to the common denominator and encourages mindless copying of her notes by waiting for everyone to be done before moving on. To compensate for the easy material, she puts questions out of the blue on midterms. Questions you can't even make educated guesses on, despite them being multiple choice. Anyone who goes to lecture will get a B+,2.0,2.0
She's a great lecturer. Provided all the textbook slides and lots of notes, so I didn't even need to buy the textbook. If you need to see her in office hours, go - she's so nice! Not that you should need to. Likes to crack down on the talking but it's good for all.,4.5,2.0
This prof has zero tolerance for noise or talking - but I, for one, LOVED that! She expects respect, but also gives it. If you are mature enough to handle it, you'll learn a lot. If not, don't go b/c she'll call you out! I for one, LOVE HER! Children might not.,4.5,3.0
decent prof, "interesting" personality. Seh really knows her stuff, and if you can handle being yelled at whenever you open your mouth and her sense of humour you should be fine.,3.0,4.0
Guys, don't sit at the back right corner of the lecture hall or you're screwed. She'll imagine your voices even though you're not talking... her sense of humor is kinda dumb and in all seriousness, you can do fine if you understand the textbook.,4.0,1.0
Pretty good prof in general but its not even necessary to go to the lectures. She has this online text and assignments and you can pass the course off of those. Very easy course, just do the online assignments.,3.5,1.0
Really good prof! had her for 202 and 102, highly recommended over the other 202 prof who also teaches 211 and who is hard to understand-you know who i'm talking about-a type of tree...,5.0,1.0
She knows her stuff really well. She covers a lot of material in a lecture, and if you don't read ahead, it's easy to get lost. I had to rely on my textbook a lot to fully understand her lectures. Her midterms were all multiple choice and the exam was 60% MC and 40% written answers.,3.5,3.0
Excellent prof. Does her best to make lectures interesting by sharing anecdotes. Has a gift for transferring knowledge to students. Midterms and finals were extremely easy. Attend classes for "extra notes" and do the study guide questions and you're guaranteed a 90+,4.5,1.0
useless lectures b/c all she does is read off of the slides which you can just download yourself. she goes slow. really slow. if you read slower than her then lectures may help. "teaches" nothing new outside of the textbook. because of the way she lectures i felt like a stupid child. i was afraid to go to the bathroom,2.0,1.0
Pretty straight forward. I personally dnt like her but shes a gud prof. Earnest readings of note wil get u 75%...d trick is use d study guide, go thru all d questions...get 85-90%,4.0,2.0
This class is easy if you attend all the lectures, but if you don't you'll do fine anyways. She's a great professor, and she's one of those people who can transfer her knowledge to her students well and easily.,5.0,2.0
good prof who reads from her slides - lectures recommended to get 'extra' notes on slides.. gets loud at times to wake students up. she asks everyone if its okay to go on before moving on to next material. great prof if you are a visual learner.,4.5,3.0
She's a bit eccentric but she is clear and coherent, she won't put you asleep. She does use the textbook publisher's slides but her exams do not deviate from them so all is fair...This course is a high 90 if you put a bit of effort in - you just have to read the text/slides honestly. VERY fair professor, I would take a course with her again.,4.5,1.0
Incredibly good prof! I was very impressed with her enthusiasm, her humour, and her clarity. She teaches very well and her exams are fair.,4.5,3.0
i love her!! her midterms and exams were really easy. if u want a 90 without doing any work and without going to class - take her!!,3.5,2.0
Kinda weird, but knows how to teach, clear and straightforward course, not too difficult,4.5,3.0
Very poor lectures, straight out of the text. Reads off of her slides. Her exam tips are pretty useless- she usually mentions something that is worth around 5 to 10% of the exam. She also doesn't seem to know her stuff, and occasionally ignores students in lecture, even if they answer correctly or have legitimate questions.,1.0,3.0
Very straing forward which sometimes made her funny. Though her teaching style was very jagged and brainless. She used the slides that came with the textbook and read off of them... barely did she ever make her own up and when asked a question her interpretation was mostly confusing and they were often left unanswered.,1.0,4.0
love her! she is clear and concise and her notes are awesome... tests are fair and its easy to well if you go to class.,5.0,3.0
talks too much gets excited too often i dont know i got a decent mark but i am not in econ major so hey..gl,3.0,1.0
She does not allow questions to be asked on the exams. Ambiguous stuff screwed me over.,1.0,4.0
Teaches straight out of the book; lectures are completely useless. Her personality is also kind of terrible.,2.0,1.0
vaughan lacks clarity and reasoning when she talks about economic models, as a CS major I found it very confusing of the mathematical terms she used in her lectures and felt she often complicated simple concepts, but hey maybe this style of teaching is perfect for art students,1.0,5.0
Loud and extremely repetitive...reads from notes, easy stuff, just a bit boring.,3.5,2.0
Shes not a bad teacher, just a little inconsiderate of people sometimes...a bit rude. But she knows her stuff, atleast I learned SOMEthing, which i cant say for many of my teachers. meh,3.5,4.0
vaughan is BORING AS HELL, her lectures are totally useless if examined at a university level, a complete waste of my time and money. I didn't go to any of her lectures after the first midterm and was still able to pull myself out of this mess at the end of the term. How did i do that? well there is a better prof out there named GOOGLE!,1.0,5.0
horrible teaching and refuse to treat students as grown up - the most incompetent econ teacher i ever encoutered,1.0,5.0
extremely easy midterms. she has a very highschool or even elementary school style. strict 'classroom rules' ie. no talking, no eating, laptops must be displaying econ stuff,....and she's serious. would interrupt the lec to address you in front of everyone if she sees you talking. no questions allowed during midterm (wth...),3.5,1.0
Pretty good teacher. Has lots of humour in lectures. You hardly ever get homework.,3.5,2.0
Take this course with another prof. Very boring, but the midterms are easy. Final was verrrrrry tough. Most ppl dropped about 10%.,3.0,3.0
saying vaughan is a high school type teacher is an overstatement, she is more like a kingdergarden teacher and i totally regreted taking this course with her becuase i felt so stupid when i went to her lectures,1.0,5.0
she is sooooooooooooooooo boring!!!! econonimics is supposed to be a fun subject but she made it sound so dead and boring. I swear to god that I learn everything out of this course on my own, hell even you got to learn something useful(but not much) with eva lau.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.5,2.0
Good prof, prefers multiple choice midterms. Strict.,4.0,3.0
I love her sense of humour! She does small chit chats in between slides to wait for ppl to catch up, which I thought was nice. Very well summarized notes (sometimes I do skip textbook readings). Fair midterms and exam. Students all applauded her at the last class of the term. I mean that's gotta count for something.,4.5,3.0
She is kinda nice in a weird way, but does anybody find vaughan's class really really boring? I mean at least I seldom slept through Eva Lau's lectures when I took econ 101, but man Vaughan just has the magic touch to put me into sleep instantly,2.5,3.0
screeching and thus annoying voice, makes you not want to go to class,1.0,5.0
Gets mad at sudents for "disturbing" others, yet she disturbs 250 students when she points that out to the whole class. Is a high school type teacher, in fact her approach will encourage students do disobey her. However notes are good, summarize txtbook n fair testing. take smith for real teaching.,3.0,2.0
Besides the fact that she has an annoying voice, she is definitely a very good professor. She gives good examples, good notes, good advice about how to study for midterms/exams, as well as good advice about life! Although she may seem like a mom at times, but everyone needs a lil' nagging at times!,4.5,3.0
She's great! Strict and very high school like but she also has an interesting personality (ex. standing on the desks during midterms)! Lots of jokes and makes econ a blast. Attend every class, copy all her notes, read the text, do study guide ques and all is good! Midterms are easy and exam is fair.,4.0,2.0
I hate this prof. All she does all class is yell at students. Cannot exaplain well either. Makes u not want to go to class. If up to her wud not even allow laptops in class. but she is fairly easy. If u don go to class take her cuz of easy exam but if u do NEVER take her. Saad Baig,1.0,4.0
study her notes, go to her classes, you'll get a good mark guaranteed.,4.5,1.0
She is such a good teacher....sort of reminds me of a highschool teacher...very clear and makes her class interesting...midterms are not that bad, do the study guide questions,5.0,2.0
Excellent clarification and quirky personality that kept me (basically) interested the entire class. Very enthusiastic about ECON, and she teaches very well so that when mid terms and exams roll around, you are prepared for them.,4.5,1.0
She is gr8 just study the text book and study guide and dont skip classes u will pass with good marks I got 86% in her exams.,3.5,1.0
soso,3.0,3.0
1st midterm = easy, 2nd midterm = medium, final = HARD,3.0,4.0
All-round good prof. Knows her material which she teaches off course slides. Her Nazi-like approach to talking in class may come as a surprise to most students but it's her only drawback. Her presentation style is engaging and filled with real-life examples.,3.5,2.0
If you do not like note-taking, this is not the prof for you. Similar to a high school teacher. Makes sure everyone does not fall behind. Read the text, attend the lectures and a high mark is very obtainable. Only complaint is that she is very nit-picky when it comes to socializing in class.,4.5,2.0
Very systematic presentation of material along with textbook slides. Mid-terms were easy, final a bit harder. Go to class + read text + do study guide = Guaranteed A.,4.5,2.0
I love this prof! She actually cares about students doing well, which shows by the way she teaches and makes sure everyone is clear about the concepts. She's funny and smart and treats students like we're in back in Grade 2. (in a good way) So refreshing in university!,5.0,1.0
The worst prof I ever had!,1.0,1.0
hay guies she is very great professor I ever seen she acts rude but she is not, she teaches everything from text book, and dont skip her classes during chapters 12 to 15 because she writes lots of notes, her midterms are easy jsut read text book.,5.0,1.0
She teaches like she is in high school. She goes sooooooo slow and asks if anyone is still writing the over head. Her tests are easy. She is smart and knows what she is talking about. One of my best profs I have had.,5.0,1.0
she's absolutely out to lunch. i might as well have staying in high school because what kind of prof makes rules about eating and talking in class. either u control the class through your presence or go back to teaching high school. boring as sh!t,1.0,5.0
Explaisn amterial well, and goes over concepts 5-6 times, so it must get boring.. Midterms are fine if you study and know your stuff..no tricks. Be careful for the final exam. Long answers...do the long answers in the study guide!!,3.0,2.0
not a bad prof,4.0,2.0
Decent prof, although she's very strict about talking and such in class. Be prepared for a lot of note-taking. The material is fairly straightforward.,3.5,3.0
Easy midterm, tougher final. Often felt like i was taught by my grandma/frau from Austin Powers. Overall, she's a good prof. Loves the Leafs to!,5.0,1.0
Good prof, very straightforward and sometimes even funny. She likes to control the class, so watch out if you are a talker. The material is dry, but if you pay attention, it's easy.,4.5,2.0
Vaughan was one of the best professors I have had here! Her class was somewhat interesting and she explained everything really well. Unique personality. But she will kick your ass if you talk in class! Overall a great class!,5.0,2.0
Vaughan is great! She teaches well and cracks some good jokes! Classes aren't necessary, although I enjoyed them. As long as you read the text and do the study guide you'll be laughing. Very helpfull outside of class.,5.0,1.0
Course content was tres simple, exams were ridiculously straightforward (some of the questions from the midterm popped up again in the final). She hates chatting in class though.,3.5,1.0
Mostly reguritates the textbook. However, notes she gives in addition to textbook are fairly useful. Complains about crowd noise a lot. If you can sit and keep quiet, then she's a decent prof.,3.0,2.0
Yeah, she is not very nice, but if you want to do good in her class and you know nothing about economics, go to class. Otherwise, just read the main points in the text....Exams are super easy!!!,4.0,1.0
she's a very good, clear prof. Explains everythign very well. Although, she gets cranky quite often, as long as you don't talk in her class, you'll be just fine! Her midterms are VERY reasonable, just make sure you read the text and do study guide ?'s,4.5,3.0
I think she's a really good prof. She's clear and her speed is just right.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
knows her stuff but her midterms and final are tricky!long sentence w/ 3 blanks: a)increase, increase, increase; b)increase, decrease, increase; c)decrease, decrease, decrease; or d)decrease, increase, decrease...textbook is key for her class,2.0,4.0
Midterms and final are based on textbook and all MC. Study guide is helpful. I stopped going to class after 2-3 weeks and got over 90 in the course. If you do go to class, don't talk or sleep.,3.0,2.0
Sit down. Shut up. Don't be late. Don't bring lunch. Smile and nod when she mentions her daughter. She's a great professor and is more than willing to explain things to you if you are having difficulties.,5.0,2.0
If you sit in the front rows, please don't fall asleep in her class. Once I dozed off in class and she stopped the lecture for a moment and stared at me. I wasn't even talking unless I was in my dream,4.0,1.0
No Comments,1.5,2.0
Her midterms were very reasonable. Study guide REALLY helps. But final was not M/Cs and I found it quite difficult with all the different econ. situations. Dropped 10% after final...but definitely recommend her class!,4.5,2.0
Easy course, very clearly presented material. Prof is picky about noises in class but it's fun to hear her yell!,4.0,3.0
Very clear. Really good professor. Don't talk in class, because you'll get yelled at!,5.0,1.0
Very easy prof and she's very clear in class too,5.0,1.0
easy notes. easy exams. not so easy temper... so if you like to chitchat, beware that you might get yelled at.,4.5,1.0
Sit & Stay & Shut up. You'll be hearing a lot about Jennifer. But a good prof.,5.0,3.0
only went to class to write midterms, managed a 90...very easy...enough said,4.0,1.0
Go to class, sit down, and shut up, and this prof will be the perfect choice. Repeats herself, entartains all questions, even if they differ with her beliefs. Make sure you go to the last class of term -- this is the only class I've seen applause at.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.5,1.0
very pick in class about talking, otherwise a great prof.,5.0,2.0
Very clear, extra notes excellent, don't talk! or try to argue,4.0,3.0
Straight forward exams. Notes are exactly the same as text book,4.5,1.0
****y if you talk. You learn your stuff if you go to class, though.,5.0,2.0
power tripping!! doesn't matter though-don't have to go to class to do well,3.0,1.0
take DE.,2.5,4.0
she alright. very motherly. she will murder you if you talk in class though.,3.0,3.0
Note's on Website. but it'll be better go to class cuz she gives u extra notes,4.5,3.0
be quiet and you'll be fine...way better than some other teachers,4.5,2.0
somehow, gave a 73 to a OAC econ award winner who got A+,1.0,2.0
lectures are not mandatory. not hard to pass her tests.,4.5,2.0
Wastes too much time letting class copy overheads. Photocopies please!,4.0,2.0
Crabby **** when someone talks, but she does know her stuff,3.5,1.0
You wonder why I had her again! no lectures needed if u bought the books!,3.0,1.0
Really nice Prof but is a very picky about what she wants on tests,4.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,1.0
BORING, read the textbook its the same as the lectures,3.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
teaches class well, but i'm afraid i'll be killed if i talk in class!,4.0,2.0
exam questions same as the study guide,3.5,1.0
Knows what she's talking about and answers questions well,5.0,2.0
pretencious.boring.don't go to class, read text.,3.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
has to have COMPLETE quietness in the class......,3.0,1.0
the blue textbook (forgot the name) is a better prof than she in econ 102.,3.0,1.0
kinda annoying,4.5,2.0
don't even bother going to lectures, sleep is better,3.0,1.0
Very good prof. Always prepared for class, always clear.,4.5,2.0
Very helpful, caring prof. Teaches from book so attendance not mandatory.,4.5,2.0
She was up and ready to go even for those 8:30 classes! Kept us all awake!,5.0,4.0
Boring as hell. Easy as hell too. Learning isn't required to get an A average.,2.0,3.0
Has a motherly quality, caring but occasionaly yells at troublemakers.,4.0,1.0
Don't waste your money on a text book...just go to lecture and you're set,3.0,2.0
Really straightforward, though some find that boring...,5.0,1.0
Just study from the study guide and and notes and u r guranteed an A.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Worst person in the world. She doesn't have a PhD and is cocky for nothing. She said that I was not university material when I saw her since I wanted to switch to economics. In fact she recommended me to transfer to Conestoga College. She refused to sign my transfer papers and thus I stayed in Sciences, and got into Queen's Medical School.,1.0,3.0
She refers herself as a prof but she doesn't even have her PhD. Besides that, she is absolutely the worst person at the University of Waterloo. She's not qualified as a lecturer nor an econ admin. She told me that I was not university material and recommended that I go to Conestoga college. I did not take her advise and now I am in medical school.,1.0,3.0
The worst prof I had first year. Lectures were difficult to understand. Self taught myself the course through the textbook. Highly recommend avoiding her at all costs,1.0,5.0
Worst prof I've had thus far. Cannot explain concepts, when she does it's far more confusing. Has difficulty answer questions. Midterms and finals are very difficult.,1.0,5.0
She teaches knowledge pretty clearly and explain things thoroughly. The only problem is her tests are so difficult...,4.5,4.0
She makes materials really clear and she believes in students that study hard. Sometimes she doesn't have enough patient when people ask her questions, but she always answer them when you ask during class. Her exams and midterms are not hard. She always hint you what will be on the tests in class, so make sure you go. SHE IS SO FUNNY in class, too.,3.5,1.0
not a very good professor. I think she talks WAY too loudly that its actually distracting you from what she is actually saying.,2.0,3.0
I was very disconcerted when I read Eva's reviews before going to her class. I actually loved her, I thought she had lots of great little examples and she explained things in a practical way. Course was well balanced between midterms and the exam!,4.0,2.0
can't even focus on her class,1.5,4.0
Terrible professor. She can't explain anything well and doesn't even attempt to clarify anything. Avoid her at all costs.,1.0,5.0
She's a great prof, with a wonderful sense of humour. Attend classes, as the things she cover are usually heavily covered in midterms and exams. I recommend her over the other econ profs.,4.5,4.0
the wrost ever,2.5,4.0
Prof is sometimes hard on students, but really is able to push students to their potential. Course was good, but definitely learned alot more life lessons about uni and tackling exams!,4.0,2.0
Can't speak English. Tests had many spelling mistakes. Lacked clarity. Good at linking concepts together but take Larry Smith's class.,2.5,4.0
If you attend all classes this is a bird course. I went into this class knowing absolutely nothing about Econ and I came out with a decent mark. She may have an accent, but it's understandable, and if you do good on her quizzes than you're fine for the midterms and final! Very good prof!,4.0,2.0
Cool prof,2.0,4.0
She was a lot of fun and made lectures hilarious, but I learned close to nothing. The textbook had no actual information and was written entirely in examples. Not a great course, but she's a nice person as long as you don't ask questions.,2.0,3.0
Worst prof ever. You nicely ask for clarifications from her incomprensible banter, and she dismisses you and says you're ignorant. Wow, what a difficult person to deal with!,1.0,1.0
To be honest, class was really easy if you've taken Econ before in high school and/or if you actually study. Lectures are not mandatory if you understand the textbook. If you don't, then this might be a challenging course because she isn't great at delivering the material. Exams were all MC and straight-forward.,3.5,2.0
Great professor in my opinion. She doesn't like when people ask questions though because she wants you to think for yourself. She has a great teaching style to ensure you understand the material. She has an accent (i.e. probrem/elah-tiss-itee) but is still understandable. She definitely knows her stuff - audio lectures are helpful too.,4.5,2.0
Not approachable...gets upset when people ask questions! Had never taken econ before and found this to be my most difficult class.,2.0,3.0
She makes easy concepts more complicated. I go out of that class even more confused than when I went in for every lecture.,1.0,5.0
She is a nice prof, who always says,"DONT WORRY, YOU WILL BE FINE" Her exams are easy~ just remember "WE ARE IN SECTION 001,NOT 1, NOT 01!!!",3.5,1.0
She is a really good professor, but if you want to get the most of her, you have to do a lot of independent effort because she doesn't give direct answers. But if you can keep up with her, you will find out you get the best econ 101 professor (if excluding Larry Smith). She is fast and brief, you will get the concept of material easily.,3.5,2.0
She's totally useless! Well, I meant her lecture. I skipped most of the lectures after the first midterm, because I learned NOTHING from her. I intended to take notes, but just didnt know what to write down. She BSed so much.,1.0,4.0
Authoritative and dictatorial. Not a bad person, but a boring prof.,2.0,2.0
Best ECON prof I've ever had! She is hilarious and fun. Made class enjoyable.,3.0,1.0
At the beginning, I didn't really like her, but I really learned to. Her online quizzes really help, and you should do them even though they aren't for marks! DO ALL STUDY GUIDE QUESTIONS FOR EXAM! HELPS MAJORLY, she takes questions right out of study guide!,4.0,3.0
Excellent teacher, surely know her stuff... though she often avoid questions asked by the students,4.0,1.0
Idiot Prof, She even doesn't deserve to be a prof of primary school.,1.0,5.0
She is a very nice person. She often puts stuff on her exams that she only tells you in class, so you should go if you have nothing better to do!,3.0,2.0
I don't know what people are talking about. Eva Lau is such a jokes prof. Sure, her accent can be a bit tough to understand, but she's funny as hell and EXTREMELY easy. Class average on first midterm was 83%. She teaches the material at a slow pace too, and always gives us a five minute break halfway through class (perfect for a Tims run ;D)!,3.5,1.0
I don't see why people hate Prof Lau...I love her (as a prof, of course). She refers EVERYTHING to food, so once you're finished her classes, go to the nearest Tim Horton's and buy something to eat. She also makes our whole class laugh so much! Something I need at 10:00 in the morning.,2.0,2.0
She is AWESOMEEEEE!!!!!! Yes, she is blunt, and will call you out but she is an amazing prof!,4.0,2.0
Doesn't accept questions on the subject during lectures.,1.5,3.0
dun take her class,1.0,5.0
needs to write elpe.,1.5,2.0
she was so hot, I love this little lady.,5.0,1.0
Her tests are sometimes unclear but she tries to give you tips throughout lectures on how to interpret what she's thinking.,3.5,2.0
She definitely makes econ interesting! loved her!,4.0,2.0
not fun,2.0,4.0
Lau's class consistently had the highest average out of all 101 classes on tests - that is testament enough.,3.0,1.0
Actually, she is extremely inspiring, and a pleaseasure to be around. She is a great person, and knows how to give tests.. USE YOUR STUDY GUIDE AND HER ONLINE LECTURES.,4.5,4.0
I can't believe that her overall quality is only 2.4, she's absolutely AMAZING! her class is entertaining and she gives u the key points of what u need to know so u don't have to study for useless stuff,4.0,2.0
Extremely disappointing. I took DE to avoid getting this prof (there was no other Econ101 section I could fit into my schedule), but I got.. Eva Lau DE.,2.0,3.0
Sometimes lectures could be...unclear, however overall, good course, and standard tests =P,3.5,3.0
She makes me laugh with her jokes! Class can be entertaining.,4.5,3.0
Is it too difficult to actually make powerpoints & put them on ACE? This woman has no way of teaching & sucks! If you read the textbook & STUDY GUIDE you will do fine. Her accent! Ahh! Don't even get me started with that. Overall she sucks! If you want a better understanding choose Carvalho (don't know the spelling). Read textbook & u will do fine.,2.5,2.0
Best economics professor I've ever had. She teaches tougher than others but is still fair. If you have problems, you can set up an appointment with her and she is very willing to help you out. Still need to read the text on your own, but that's expected.,4.0,4.0
She is hard to understand just study with your textbook and study guide and you will pass not a problem,1.5,3.0
Very hard to understand and her lectures have absolutely no order. Not an easy course but if you keep up on readings and attend ALL lectures you can do decent.,1.5,5.0
Very hard to understand, lectures follow little order and there is little in the terms of pre-posted notes. Gives life lectures all the time on what she thinks you need to do to survive university. Midterms were fairly straight forward. Final was written in a totally different style than what the mid-terms were.,3.0,3.0
Funny little lady, but was hard to understand. She jumped all over her material, hard to follow and study. She was very unorganized and she lecture notes were poorly written and hard to follow. Textbook was amazing, stopped going to class because you can learn a lot more from the textbook.,1.5,3.0
Although she moves through course material rather quickly, provides all the tools needed to do well in her class. Online notes are a bit scattered but if you listen in class and follow the readings, you will do well. Good prof,3.5,4.0
One of the worst profs I've ever had. Jumped from point to point, no clarity at all, couldnt understand what she said, posted notes that made no sense... basically completely incomprehensible. Would never take class with her again.,1.0,5.0
Boring. Boring. Boring.,1.0,1.0
I think she is an extremely well organised professor who does her best to involve the class. She takes personal interest in every student and keeps track of every students performance. I think if you give your fair share of time to this course she is a very good professor.,4.5,3.0
Eva Lau is not a very good teacher in class, however she is helpful outside of class. To do well in her course - do all the study questions and read the text. If you do this her midterms and exams are not bad, as most of the questions are from the study questions.,5.0,2.0
Shes a gud prof...very helpful indeed although she jumps off frm one topic to d next when shes teachin in class, nd she doesnt notice her mistakes quickly. but she gives helpful points in class. so go to class! nd go see her for help.,4.0,2.0
Horrible beyond redemption in her professional capacities. Unable to organize her thoughts or lectures. Presents oversimplified versions of everything. contradicts herself. Unable to convey information in percise language. She does make an effort to teach well, however her numerous problems makes taking the course with her unbearable.,2.0,1.0
Very good lecturer,5.0,1.0
Very helpful although she does seem to like veering off topic a lot of the times and can't get to the point. She's very encouraging.,3.0,4.0
I haven't attended a single lecture but her midterms/exams are very straightforward (from the textbook) - no tricks. I visited her on several occassions and she's pretty nice and helpful. She seemed to care about her students this term. Read the text and you'll be good. This course is an easy 90.,4.0,1.0
I can't say much on her clarity due to lack of attendance but she seems to be very helpful with her online message board and supply of notes. Her tests are straight from the textbook so if you read the chapters assigned, you're pratically guaranteed an A.,3.5,1.0
Eva Lau is quite good for me, dis is my 5th year of ever takin economics and dis is d first time im liking it. Yea her english isnt perfect but d accent is quite clear so its not a problem to me. She explains very well and i think shes actually quite helpful so i do recommend her.,4.5,2.0
The actual course is not too difficult, but eva lau is just not a good prof, which makes this course unbearable. I e-mailed her once with a question, and she answered very rudely back, as if i were stupid and impolite. She needs to learn how to respect her students more.,1.5,3.0
Eva Lau is one of the best profs I've had so far. She is hilarious with her examples, and even though she doesn't have perfect english, that really just adds to the humor. If you pay attention in class it's really not that hard, and she appreciates trying. It may sound like she makes fun of the less smart people, but don't take it seriously.,5.0,2.0
easy midterms, but the final was sort of difficult. she gives lots of study questions and tutorials online, which help a lot... if you have time to do them. i never used to like econ, but i sorta do now =),4.0,2.0
I fell asleep in class because it was boring, then I woke up and saw that it was only halfway through and I thought I was in hell for a second there :(,2.0,4.0
On discussion boards, she spent less time answering questions than she did telling the students how good their progress was. Her accent and poor english skills make it near impossible to understand some of the recorded lectures and even discussion board posts. Not recommended, course was boring, prof was ridiculous.,1.5,2.0
I can't emphasize enough of the fact that she only praised the students that participate, answers all the questions, and do good on her classes.... she bashes those who are not top students/ academically capable. Overall, her teaching is abysmal, I can't reccommend her. Somewhat discouraging.,3.0,3.0
not very interesting,1.5,4.0
comparing Trimarchi, Angela, you guys should be thankful you have her. i swapped to her class after 2 secs in Angelas.,3.0,3.0
Her words do not make sense and make it hard for first year students to make the transition. Her lectures are always offtopic and never reflect exams.,1.5,3.0
She is annoying as hell!! She spends like half the class dissing evryone on how stupid they are. When you ask her a question in class she tells you to come see her personally. Overall, she sucks.,2.5,2.0
Her midterms are super easy. straight off study questions and mock test. Final was a bit tricky, only because her midterms were so easy so it was unexpected. notes are ridiculous & her tests are more off the text. this class is extremely easy but she is too annoying for anyone to handle.,1.5,1.0
Apart from the fact that she seems to think UW is a really hard school to get into and that freshmen have no clue she is a really good prof. She really knows her stuff. She teaches very clearly and will often explain things in more than one way which is good for understanding. I'm guessing she would be great in upper year classes.,4.5,2.0
Eva lau's lectures maybe abit dull. However I feel she is a great teacher and will go out of her way to help you. All of her material is online and extremely helpful for the exams.,3.0,2.0
Hilarious teacher. I absolutely love her analogies, and if you actually pay attention, you can learn a lot. You have to go to the lectures, and actually pay attention. Knows her stuff, and is fun to listen to.,5.0,2.0
she's a great prof. she has some flaws but i think she is so encouraging and def. knows her stuff. Go to lectures, read the text and ask her anything if you need help.. and it should all be good.,3.5,3.0
can someone tell me how her final exam for 201 is and what kind of questions does she give for midterms,3.5,3.0
Knows her subject very well. Attend her lectures and supplement them with the textbook - DO ALL THE READINGS - and you should be fine. Her course notes leave something to be desired, so you don't HAVE to take them down. On a side note, she is very good at assessing your potential and will give you valuable educational insight if you meet with her.,4.0,1.0
if i were to rate her out of 10 she would be like -45.Very unapprochable. when you ask for help,all she does is go in circles and tell you how dumb you are. at the end, she will be like read the text book. her class is pure bs.give you stupid analogies and overhead made no sense what so ever. eva lau is just pure nonsense.,1.0,1.0
Haha, this is easy as heck. She's annoying, but just skim thru the book once, u don't have to listen to her, If u r at least a lil competent u'll get a 90+,2.5,1.0
If you send her a question personlly, she'll write you back in 1-2 pages, very dedicated to her works. My only suggestion is if possible, she should lower her voice when lecturing. Sometimes her voices are screeching, and because of this, I actually went to my family doctor to have my ears examined...,3.0,3.0
This prof tends to talk down to her students. I'm not in highschool. Getting a good mark in her class is easy... just study on your own. The material is a joke, and its embarrassing the way she teaches it. Try taking Econ with Larry Smith for a fun course instead.,1.0,1.0
just study at home for your own benefit cause if you attend her class you unintentionally start to hate economics.,1.0,5.0
her course is easy!the midterms and final exam Qs are same as the study Questions she gave us in the class. She will just change a little bit on the Questions. So remember to do the study Qs and memorize them all even u don't know the concept..then u can get a high marks for this course.,4.0,1.0
She was a very humerous woman and made classes very interactive, which helped me to pay attention to the sometimes drab material. She was confusing at times though and often difficult to understand.,3.0,3.0
I took DE & each time I had to listen to the lectures,I wanted to cry. Accents are cool but a screeching,rambling,non-sensical voice isn't. Stay away from this woman-I warn you. She's unhelpful,repeats randomly&keeps saying she knows what she's doing b/c she's taught over 1000s(god help us!)- yadiyada. This was my 1st econ course & I now hate econ.,1.0,3.0
There is a huge deviation here.I just wonder why she is still here if she is that bad!,5.0,1.0
Her voice almost made my eye twitch, a verry bitter angry woman who cant teach. I will say she is smart, however the woman has no idea how to get her ideas across to us..stay away from her if you can.people who put happy faces jus want u to take it so u will get a low mark to! dont be fooled! all these ratings (over 100?)cant be wrong!,2.0,4.0
I do not understand how she is the department head. I did not find her accent difficult to understand, although it didn't make what she said any more useful. Lectures are complete waste of time. Fairly hostile to questions at times. Adversarial relationship with students. Strange class atmosphere. Follow textbook and you'll be alright.,1.0,3.0
There is no question that Lau knows her stuff, she just hasn't found a way to make it understandable. She really should be teaching a higher level. Lets just say that if it wasn't for my highschool econ teacher i would be in some big poo poo right now! Stay far FAR away if you can!!!!!,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
easiest prof. easy questions. great AMAZING sino-british accent which makes... PERFECT SENSE,5.0,1.0
The other raters are morons... They are a bunch of cry babies that just want to be spoon fed. Lau is a first class Prof. that doesn't waste time on stupid people with stupid questions. Tip: don't be fooled into thinking this course is easy because it's 101. Listen, read, learn, and understand the material after every lecture. Ask for help.,5.0,3.0
she doesn't know her own stuff, and her weird british accent only makes this course worse,1.0,5.0
Her lectures are not organized at all. However, She is generous in marking.,2.0,2.0
She is not helpful at all. Has no sympathy in helping students even after bad ratings every year. Students seek her help and she does nothing but tell them in the stupidest way possible "Too bad for you". Can't teach, can't advise, I don't even know what she is still doin in waterloo. Pack your bags,1.0,5.0
I thought it was a very interesting course before I took it, but when she started to teach it, I lost all my interest. She made the course material very hard to understand!!!!,1.0,5.0
its really an easy course but she made it difficult. Everything i learnt is from the text book.no use of going to the lectures,1.5,5.0
econ102 is easy course but she makes it hard.........she is good but not good at teaching.,2.5,3.0
possibly the worst econ teacher ever ... I have no idea how she got this job ...,1.0,5.0
If you get her, run. Lectures are boring, it is more effective to just read the book than wake up to go listen to her attempt to forge a sentense. If you really like ECON, take Larry Smith because she will ruin it for you.,1.0,1.0
nothing without sucks,1.0,5.0
Had this professor back in 1995. Not only did her accent make her completely incoherent, at that time the tests did NOT derive at all from textbook learning. I have a graduate degree now, and can honestly say that this was my WORST. TEACHER. EVER.,1.0,5.0
She's a horrible teacher, but her tests can be passed easily by just reading the text. You don't have to go to class if you have the determination to read it all.,1.5,4.0
An okay prof. Her accent can be hard to understand and her lectures have a tendency to lack focus. However, if you read the text and attend lectures you will do well in this course. Her tests are very straight-forward and they almost always contain something directly from the class.,3.0,2.0
I feel a little bit different from the others. I like her teaching style since I don't need to read the text book by myself. I got high mark just depending on her lectures. I think I really understand all that she taught. However, this course is an easy one.,4.0,2.0
I think she is not that bad. Her tests and exams are pretty easy for me. You don't really need to listen to the lecture, the online lectures and the textbook are the best resources to get a good mark on her tests. Go to the class before the tests, she may give you some useful hint or example questio,3.0,2.0
Everything I learned, I learned from the textbook. As a 3rd year student I can honestly say she was the most unclear and unhelpful prof I have ever had. I found it MORE confusing to listen to the lecture than to just read the textbook. My advice is STAY AWAY! Take this course from another prof,1.0,3.0
"The Lau of Diminishing Return......" Haha!,1.0,5.0
One of the most difficult lectures that I have attended. She is very passionate about her subject but does not know how to interest students. Embarasses students in class. Very difficult exams and test. Is not approachable and discourages students to do economics. I hate economics now!!!,1.5,5.0
She is the worst teacher because she cannot teach. I actually wonder if she understands the materials herself because she seems to have problems with those simple economics concepts herself. Avoid going to her class; better read the book yourself. You will be better off in this way.,1.0,2.0
She is an ok prof. I've heard ppl say that she in unapproachable...and she DOES embarass students in class! Inconsiderate! It's hard to take notes in her lecture..but her exams are okay! Study the text book...but sometimes she contradicts ideas presented in the text.,3.0,2.0
She has been teaching this course for a DECADE yet she still can't clearly explain the basic concepts. I studied on my own and by the end of the semester I was alreay convinced that I understood the material better than she did. WHAT A TOTAL JOKE!,1.0,5.0
worst prof i've had -- not approachable, likes to embarace students in front of peers, needs to brush up on her spoken english ("elatitity"!!). do yourself a favour and take this class with larry smith instead.,1.0,3.0
Her tests are not that hard, there like 30 multiple choice. She tells you nothing that will be on the test, you just need to study everything, test book and lecture notes. She is an ok prof, she explains stuff somewhat, take it with her if you have to, but try to get someone else.,2.0,2.0
unclear when it comes to notes and teached...what more do i need to say.,1.0,3.0
Unhelpful, and NOT approachable. She is **** who discourages students to continue in economics. She should not teach.,1.0,2.0
She must take the laws of diminishing returns to heart because her teaching abilities definitely are not there.,1.0,5.0
easy class if you have ever taken a business course. Its just a regergatation of grade 12 economics.,2.5,2.0
This prof. is the worst what so ever.. can't imagine, not willing to help and very fake, + impolite.,1.0,4.0
BIRD COURSE, dun need to attend class to pass, boring lecture, dist ed recomanded,2.0,2.0
she is the worst professor I ever have :( Unorganized notes; unclear lecture; unintelligent. I doubt that how can she become a professor. Get another professor if you really want to learn something.,1.0,4.0
She seems like a nice person to talk to, but good luck taking notes during the lectures - she'll put up an overhead, then take it down before you get the title written - exams are brutal too-only plus is her ability to cut up people of lesser intelligence,2.0,4.0
She can't teach but one of her TA is really really HOT!,5.0,3.0
bad,1.0,5.0
she has strong opinions of her own on diff matters and ppl 2. she is not helpfull at all in answering qs if she doesn't like u. half of her notes (electronic and in class) are confusing and u never no wut u have to study in the text book for the tests.,2.5,2.0
Shes halarious! Sometimes its really hard to understand what she is saying, but she explains everything super-well and is interesting to listen to. Then again I did this class distance ed so I don't know what she is like in person.,4.0,1.0
too repetitive, repeats the same idea too many times. indeed, she speaks too loud in class. many things she talked about in lectures will appear on the exam.,2.5,1.0
Not the best! Her lectures are waste of time + her lecture notes are useless! The book can teach all the concepts to you in 2days! It might be a better idea to take this course as a distance Ed!!!,1.0,3.0
learn from the study guide, but still attend the lectures because she always puts at least one question on the midterm that is directly from your notes. she's kewl cuz she marks based on a consistency basis.,4.0,2.0
Not bad when she teaches, but spends half the lecture trying to teach study habits and other pointless stuff, so I'm asleep by the time she's talking about economics.,1.5,3.0
always yelling. she's mean sometime, but she's got her reason. her TAs can't speak English. have to go to lecture to do well on exams.,2.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
She's very helpful but don't look her in the eye or she will ask you questions. If you're nice to her, she'll wave outside of class...,5.0,3.0
I didn't go to any of her lectures but still got a 85. Just study the course note and textbook and you should be just fine. Eva Lau can't teach so attending her class is a comeplete waste of time.,1.0,5.0
Easy, straight forward class. Go to class, do your studying as usual and you'll get your marks. Don't feel bad at all for the suckers that are whining about trick questions, they just didn't study.,5.0,2.0
For101 -Just got to lecture and follow everything from her and get 90% on exams. No need of self studying on textbook whatsoever if you go to every lecture. For102 -doesn't teach as clear as 101. Sometimes rush and irresponsible on exams. Be careful.,4.0,1.0
MEAN+can't speak english,1.5,3.0
She is pretty awful...! she usually put her lecture stuff on the exam to trick people..!,1.0,5.0
She is very determined to make sure everyone taking the class does as well as they possibly can. Very willing to help and knows her stuff. If you put in half as much effort into the course as she does teaching it, you'll get a good mark.,4.5,4.0
really easy in terms of exam. But an awful lecturer who would confuse you and put you into sleep. Tip: do the study guide if you want to get a good mark on the exam, go to the lecture if you have trouble sleeping.,1.5,1.0
forgets that she is wearing a mic. and yells. It hurt my ears so i stopped going, understood the material better on my own than in class,1.5,2.0
have to attend lectures,3.0,3.0
tries to confuse you with trick questions on tests,2.5,3.0
Consider taking distance education course,1.5,3.0
I really like her class. I think she knows what she's talking about and knows how to make students understand the concepts. Her exams are fair as long as you study the text as well. She tries her hardest to help you learn even by putting lectures online.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
She can't speak ENGLISH! and she's MEAN!,3.5,2.0
This lecturer sucks the big one! She can't speak English, has unfair grading, and I'm pretty sure she doesn't understand the material! I am confident that I have more intelligence in my navel lint than she has in her whole body.,1.0,3.0
Broken english, bad sentences. What more can I say.... always spelling mistakes, crappy notes. Expect a completely random mark +/- 15 marks for goodwill. Take this course with a real prof!,1.0,3.0
Easy if you understand a bit of calculus in advance. Not very friendly when you ask her questions. Generally she is clear in every lecture. Tips: go to every lecture and do study questions, then you don't really need a book for exams.,3.5,2.0
She is the teacher who will teach you a lot about economics,if you go to everyclass,you will understand the material very well and you also will note that her exams are so staight forward,and you could even earn a mark even higher than 100%,i did,not hard,4.0,1.0
Worst prof I have ever had. Classes tend to be drawn out, boring, dull, uninteresting and are poorly structured. Tries to make jokes but her poor command of English doesn't allow her too. Just avoid her and you should do fine in econ.,1.0,5.0
Here is what you should do: enroll in this woman's class and attend Larry Smith's lectures - that is the best strategy to learn and get a good mark!,2.0,3.0
Something about a can that didn't make sense. Exam and midterms were hard and half of the time could not comprehend her analogies in class. Sometimes she is quite rude and her voice is not soothing at all. She made this boring course even more boring.,1.5,3.0
just read the textbook OR go to class. easy exams if you do one of those two things. i did neither.,3.0,3.0
oh man is she funny. her accent is great, the tests are INCREDIBLY fair, just study study study. she likes to preach about how to adjust to university life though...but you can just sleep through that part of the lecture...,4.0,2.0
Her TA is hot!,3.0,3.0
Terrible, rude, a horrible prof -- cannot teach. F!,1.0,5.0
Has great energy. However, she can be harsh and nasty to her students. Follows textbook quite closely. Tests are fair. Tutorials help so much for the hints on tests. Chinese accent is cute.,3.0,2.0
Take as many classes with her as you can, they're easy, she only tests what she teaches, fair grading, learn new stuff, use your textbook often, she needs to work on her language skills, but nice person, helpful as long as you don't ****her off :),4.0,1.0
if u came from HK like me, this course is a piece of cake, so easy! it's what we learnt in form 4! go for it! her English is worse than me!,2.0,1.0
She is not a good prof. She pretended to be fun, actually, there is no relationship between her and fun. They are independent.,1.0,5.0
Incredibly good prof. Very clear and only tests what she teaches in the class.,4.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,2.0
she was alright but i found her "english" hard to follow. The subject is easy to do well in though...,3.0,2.0
SO unbelievably bad... she makes no sense.. will call you stupid. It's unnecessary and frustrating.. avoid her at all costs,1.0,3.0
Just watch out for the second test and you'll do fine.,2.0,2.0
She is a good proff if you pay careful attention. If you are there to learn, and you show her you care about the course, she'll help you. Go for extra help, and make use of the TA hours too! You'll like this course as well as Econ 102 with her.,3.5,3.0
Where did they find this woman? My deaf grandma could do a better job at teaching this course!,1.5,3.0
Great first year prof to weed out students! She is HORRIBLE...doens't make any sense...rely on the text and avoid copying her notes...she writes all the graphs wrong, and is so rude and mean if you have questions!,1.0,3.0
just read the text, her lectures are very confusing!,3.0,1.0
It doesn't matter that she can't teach cause the class is so easy anyway.,2.0,1.0
very boring...and ... she needs to stop with the humiliation,2.0,2.0
u better read the text by yourself.,1.5,2.0
What is your problem?? by Prof. Lau,1.0,4.0
Don't ask for extra help. You are better off asking other students or reading the textbook. If she thinks you're asking her an 'obvious' or 'easy' question, she will call you stupid to your face. She has done so to many students.,1.0,3.0
nice prof, just do the text readings,4.0,3.0
She is ok.,4.0,2.0
Lessa Taka Look-ah disa one.,1.0,3.0
My worst teacher ever!,1.0,3.0
use the sample exam and lecture CD,3.0,1.0
Does not make the course interesting. Easy exams.,2.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
Terrible Teacher. Stay away from extra help, takes her 2 hours to respond to one question, and you still don't have your answer,1.0,5.0
I'm telling ya..Don't go to the lecture!! Just stick to the txtbook.Plus!She's very mean!=(,1.5,3.0
Clear speech once you adapt to the accent, more enjoyable than any math prof,4.5,2.0
blah blah blah ... that's all I learned.,1.5,3.0
smart and funny econ prof. love her !,5.0,1.0
Worst prof ever!! I wouldn't let her teach new employees at McDonalds!,1.5,3.0
Sleep time!,2.0,3.0
She makes fun of herself. Confusing teacher; I'd rather read the textbook.,1.0,2.0
made me hate econ - unclear - confusing - randomness,1.0,4.0
Can't admit to being wrong,3.0,4.0
For those chinese out there: she likes to Tum you to sleep !!,2.5,2.0
May be hard to understand, but gives very easy exams.,3.0,2.0
voice is a little annoying but you can understand her, ok lectures, easy exams,3.5,2.0
Don't go to class cause it's easy enough on its own, she'll only confuse you.,1.5,1.0
course notes PLS! can't stand to go to that lecture..,2.5,3.0
she's annoying, and made me hate life,1.0,2.0
disorganized notes .... has she heard of course notes?,2.0,3.0
I don't find lecture s helpful at all.. but her exams are really easy.,2.0,1.0
Annoying voice with small english vocabularly, thinks she's smart but no PHD,2.5,1.0
doesn't explain things the way we need to answer them in exams,2.0,5.0
She's very unclear, and repeats unnecessary things over and over and over and ov,1.0,3.0
so is she good or no??? i just applied for her econ 102!!!,3.0,3.0
Stop repeating the same stuff over and over!!,3.0,2.0
Best professor I've had yet!,5.0,1.0
not that bad after all ... makes an effort ... she cares!!!,3.0,2.0
What's the deal with the negative comments? I thought she was an excellent p,4.5,1.0
Computer speakers are still screeching from her voice over Dist. Ed,3.0,2.0
i don't get her english,1.0,5.0
eva was a very good teacher, thanks for the referal eva eventhough i never used,5.0,3.0
Easy!,4.0,1.0
Be prepared to shell out money for notes!,2.0,4.0
She was the most influential prof i've had,3.5,2.0
lose the mic you're loud enough. Poor english. Jumps all over the place.,1.5,4.0
I'm still trying to figure out what she said...and i had her 4 years ago!,1.0,1.0
Worst Teacher Ever!!! How can someone bear with that look and attitude!!!,1.0,3.0
Monotone voice you can't understand; classes always on Wednesday nights,1.0,2.0
Wanna get 90+ without going to lectures or doing any work? Take her class,1.0,1.0
"Evil Oww" is the worst entry-level econ prof,1.0,4.0
Went into finals with 101%, and BAM! You better know your stuff for finals...,2.0,1.0
hard to follow sometimes..but reading textbook helps,2.5,2.0
This course would have been a Bird course if it wasn't taught by her,2.0,3.0
Means well, but teaches poorly!,2.0,5.0
Very smart lady, with fast pace - talks a lot...she's very helpful.,3.5,3.0
Unclear style + bad english = bad class!,1.5,3.0
her voice is like a 1000 screaming chipmunks- ACKACKACKACKACK!!!!!!,1.0,3.0
What planet is she from?,1.5,1.0
She puts on that damn microphone and it doesn't work...,1.0,1.0
Lau is a bad prof. English is a disaster. Won't take classes with her again,1.0,3.0
Easiest Course in the world.... 90% need I say more... test are easy as hell...,2.5,1.0
Totally unintelligible, but this was a bird course so didn't matter too much.,1.0,1.0
worst teacher ever,1.0,5.0
Di totah utilitee shts to ze rihgiht wan....,2.5,3.0
=(,1.0,2.0
not clear at all!,2.0,2.0
It would have helped if we could have understood her!,1.0,4.0
Has good intentions, but bad teaching style,2.5,3.0
a great person, she is so much fun,5.0,5.0
brain-damaging easy: she's like lecturing kindergarteners...,4.5,1.0
tons of freebies!!!!!!,4.5,1.0
Lau was fun, but tough stuff,4.0,4.0
She always repeats what she says.... Y = C+I+G .. over and over and over,1.0,2.0
An obnoxious tone of voice that has no idea what it is talking about.,1.0,1.0
very friendly and has special sex appeal !,5.0,1.0
her lecture is confusing. she says things different from what she writes.,3.0,2.0
hard to understand her lectures,2.0,2.0
predictable exam/quiz pattern!,4.0,3.0
my favorite human,5.0,3.0
Best econ prof at UW,5.0,2.0
Best econ prof. Always asks you to come for help when you need it. Lectures are great, boring but not bad. His curve sketching style saved me on the exams. Final is long (100 multiple choice) but as long as you know the lecture notes and do the study guide thoroughly, 90 is easy to get.,5.0,2.0
Carvalho was a GREAT prof consistent throughout the term. His lectures were extremely clear and he made things sound so easy which was very encouraging. Attend lectures and try solving the study guide and you don't even need to touch the textbook! The exams were pretty fair given that you go to class and obviously put some effort in. Awesome prof!,5.0,3.0
Best Prof so far.,5.0,2.0
Amazing Prof. Go to lectures and you won't have to read a single page of the textbook.,5.0,3.0
Amazing prof he is clear in his lectures. Doesn't use a PowerPoint so you need to go to class. He is very friendly and is willing to help you during office hours,4.0,3.0
He is amazing! Would love to take another class with him.,4.5,3.0
Really cares about students and will tailor grading criteria according to students.. After first midterm, he decided that whichever midterm mark is higher will be worth more, and final exam wasn't cumulative. Really funny and will always help. Always tells you what you're learning that day,4.5,2.0
Amazing lectures with no PPT at all,5.0,2.0
He can always keep my concentration to his lecture, though he never use the PPT,5.0,1.0
Very fair and clear prof. Knows his stuff, and delivers information very well. Study and go to class, you will get a good grade.,5.0,3.0
He doesn't believe in any of the technological resources like learn, powerpoint slides, iclickers, etc. As a result, you better be in class if you don't want to fall behind. He only has you do readings to drill in what he has discussed in lectures, nothing more. The lectures are impressively clear, and the tests are fair - you know it or you don't.,4.5,3.0
- Take Econ 101 with Carvalho - You don't need the textbook if you have Carvalho - If you make notes in class, you will be fine - Very helpful - Very friendly - Wants you to do well - Tells you what will be on the midterms - Available outside of class - Funny,5.0,3.0
Great prof! Having never taken any kind of business course, I sometimes struggled to keep up but he is very concise and the concepts are simple. Going to class and doing the study guide questions are both absolutely crucial to doing well. Ginal is worth a lot but if you study you'll be fine!,3.5,3.0
A very helpful professor. Did well on finals. Improved my grades by 23% by approaching him and seeking his guidance. Economics was a new subject for me. Only midterms and finals Covers all the topics in his lectures but can be very vague at times. I had to refer the textbook and study guide because this was a new subject for me!,5.0,2.0
He makes sure everyone gets the material in class. Patient, understanding and brings comedic relief to the study of economics.,4.0,3.0
great prof, explained everything clearly! His midterms were easy (mostly 3-4 chapters quizzed on) and final wasn't cumulative.,4.0,3.0
Always takes a strategic approach to the organization of his lectures and will explain in detail if questions are asked. The exams and midterms are tricky, but as long as you study the notes, textbook and familiarize yourself with the study guide you will do good. I highly recommend taking his courses not only for his knowledge but also his humour!,4.5,3.0
I'd rather him than other profs.,5.0,2.0
Amazing prof. Best Econ prof at UW. If you don't have him try and switch in.,4.0,3.0
Strongly recommend to take this Professor's section of Econ 101.,5.0,1.0
Carvalho is a great prof who explains difficult concepts in a way that makes them clear. He is willing to answer questions in class and has a great sense of humour. The notes taken in class are enough to do well on tests but the textbook is helpful. The final exam was stressful and I think it was weighted too heavily.,4.5,3.0
This professor was very clear and concise when explaining concepts in class. He was helpful and caring. He waited till everyone had written down the notes that were on the board before he erased it. The textbook was very useful, although his lectures were sufficient. I personally think that he was one of the greatest professors in his department.,4.0,3.0
Excellent professor, lectures were very interesting and engaging. Very funny guy,always made class entertaining. Final exam was tough but midterms were fair. Needs to be less than 100 MCQ for final, it's too much! Would help if he had a learn account or put notes up online, but other than that amazing prof!!! My fav for first sem for first year!,5.0,3.0
best pro ever,5.0,1.0
Professor Carvalho is an excellent teacher. This is my first year at UW and he has given me a reason to love economics. Normally this class would probably be confusing, but not with the teaching of professor Carvalho. Professor Carvalho is very thorough and takes the time to repeat himself of re-explain if necessary! He is also very to-the -point.,5.0,2.0
Dr Carvalho is one of those rare professors who both knows his material and is able to teach it with absolute clarity. Moreover, he provides extremely helpful review classes before every mid-term and final. He is a captivating and humorous speaker, and his lectures were a highlight of my week.,5.0,3.0
One of the best professors I've had. He kept the class entertained and knew what he was talking about.,5.0,2.0
hes the best prof i had in my first term at university!! hope all profs can have review sessions for midterms and final, soooooo thankful for that!!,5.0,2.0
I didn't pay attention in his class much.. I apologize but from the bits and parts I heard, he used class time wisely and if I ddn't have my laptop, I felt so screwed. He makes the class informative but not boring as well as really.. connects with students LOL his end of the term "speech" was quite sentimental since he's never sentimental.,4.0,3.0
Probably one of the best profs I've had this semester! Made the transition from high-school easy. He's hilarious and just totally cool! Easy-going and knows what he's doing. Study hard and you'll ace his class!,4.5,2.0
Absolutely brilliant. Last class today and everyone clapped for him. He's truly brilliant, knows exactly what he's talking about and has a sassiness to him that makes coming to class fun. I was dreading having to take econ for my program but I loved it so much with Carvalho, a serious major consideration in Economics now all because of him.,5.0,2.0
If you miss one of his classes you are behind. He goes through the lessons super quickly which makes class go by fast. I have no business knowledge but I like going to his ECON class. you need to study alot. he writes on the chalkboard so make sure to get a good seat. he is super sarcastic and a really funny guy. way better than other ECON profs,4.0,4.0
Amazing. Easy. Don't need to read the textbook, but study guide is recommended.,4.5,2.0
He's the reason I don't hate econ! The best, and really cares whether or not you understand what's going on.,5.0,2.0
He is amazing. I love econ because of him,5.0,3.0
He is truly fantastic.,4.0,2.0
If you're going to take Econ 101, it's only truly worth it if taken with Carvahlo. He is simply the best. Lectures are very structured, it's advisable you attend as he makes his own notes and does not upload them online. He is an amazing prof and likely the best of had yet.His sense of humor is brilliant. Seriously, take his class.,5.0,3.0
Thorough explanations.,5.0,2.0
Econ will be so much more interesting with this prof!,5.0,2.0
He is the BEST prof ever!!!,5.0,1.0
Clear, concise, caustic sense of humor, very structured lectures, excellent prof.,4.5,3.0
He Is the best,5.0,2.0
LOVE HIM,5.0,2.0
TRULY AMAZING ! gem of a person :) loved his classes. Clear Voice & very interesting,5.0,2.0
This prof was my favourite of the semester, by FAR. He made Econ 101 enjoyable and was able to relate to the students and make us laugh, while still being crystal clear in his explanations. It's tempting to go sit in on his classes next semester, just to watch him teach. He was that great!,5.0,3.0
At the end of each class I couldn't believe how fast the time went by. I was never in a rush to leave. Speaks with clarity and has a positive sense of humour. I absolutely hated how he used the chalk board (it got messy some times) but otherwise, he's a great teacher.,5.0,2.0
AMAZING Prof! The mid-term/exams are all mc, but they are still tough! He is very clever, fun, and relaxed. He has a slightly dry sense of humor, but keeps the class engaged by dropping hints, as well as sharing comical stories. He keeps very dry material light, and class FLIES by. An amazing prof overall, try to swap into his class!!!!!,5.0,3.0
He is a great professor. He keeps class entertaining and you really learn a lot.,5.0,3.0
He is AWESOME!!! I can't even explain how great his explanations are, and he is really funny too! Dry humour is epic when it is coming from him ;D,5.0,3.0
LOVE THIS PROF. absolutely hilarious and very clear with all of his explanations! if calculus wasn't mandatory to major in economics, I would have done it thanks to him!,5.0,4.0
BEST PROF EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I stressed out about the midterms and exams for nothing: read the book, do some questions from the study guide, and attend his aweasome lectures and you will bring up your average. The end average was unbelievably high! And this was only a reflection of his great teaching! Loved the course, would take it again!!!,5.0,3.0
Easy to understand, good personality and explains things in detail.,5.0,1.0
Great professor for an intro level course. Great sense of humour. Made the concepts link together and make sense to those new to Econ. Textbook aligned perfectly with teachings. Explained everything very precisely, and answers any questions you may have with care.,5.0,2.0
By far, most hilarious teacher ever! It's not worth taking ECON 101, if it's not with him!!,5.0,2.0
If you are going to take ECON 101, you better take it with him. He has a very good teaching method and he is frickin' hilarious.,4.0,2.0
He definitely lives up to his high rating. His explanations are clear and he repeats concepts to reinforce the idea. He doesn't teach everything in the textbook, so you need to go to class to know what to focus on. Plus, his explanations are 100x better than the textbook's. The way he does his notes and teaches make everything very understandable.,5.0,3.0
I am the WORST at econ, but honestly this prof made everything so crystal clear. CARVAHLO IS DA BOMB!,5.0,1.0
The best prof to take ECON 101 with at uWaterloo. He writes all his notes out on the blackboard/repeats everything multiple times.,5.0,2.0
If you're going to take econ101, take it with Carvalho. His lectures are clear and easy to understand for those who haven't taken economics before. He makes the class so enjoyable and he's extremely helpful. He's hilarious too! Definately rated as one of our favourite profs at UW.,5.0,3.0
Prof. Carvlho is extremely helpful and is very considerate and kind to his students. Everything that he does is Top-notch,5.0,1.0
He is the best professor that I encountered in my first year! He is just so dedicated to his students, and explains materials VERY WELL and OVER AND OVER AGAIN. He knows what he is talking about and makes the class very entertaining,5.0,3.0
He's fun. Jokes a lot and knows what he is talking about. Very knowledgeable and conveys information really well. Probably one of the better first year econ teachers from what I've heard though the tests weren't the easiest things ever. I finished them fast, but could have done better.,3.5,4.0
He has a dry sense of humour and sometimes uses it on individual students, but gotta hand it to him, he can teach. He explains things with crystal clarity, drawing graphs and diagrams on the chalkboard, using funny anecdotes and repeating easy concepts nonjudgementally when kids genuinely struggle. His exams are all multiple choice and really easy.,4.0,1.0
Very awesome class even though i hate economics! :),5.0,4.0
Carvalho is honestly my best prof this year, and I'm pretty sure everyone in econ101 loves him. People actually feel bad when they do bad on his exams because they feel like they are letting him down! His lectures are precious, and he's straight to the point and clear. His knowledge is 100x better than the text book. CARVALHO ROCKS!,5.0,2.0
Great Prof. Always helpful. Very smart man. He's clear and concise. His exams are easier than some of the other econ profs. He knows what students like, doesn't deduct for wrong answers. Knows his stuff and is very intelligent.,5.0,2.0
easy textbook, but attending the lectures is much more helpful. he doesn't give any surprises, so what you're taught is what you're tested on. clearest teacher I've had so far, and knows his stuff,4.5,3.0
he is AMAZING!,5.0,3.0
Best prof ever. Writes everything down on the board or repeats 3-4 times. Goes through more material in 50 minutes than most profs do in 3 hours. Clear and concise. Excellent.,5.0,2.0
This man is the oracle of Economics. He has this mysterious and sexy declare about him. He is very clear, so clear in fact that I attend his lectures more than my actual professor?s. His handwriting isn?t too clear. He has a certain demure about him and I cant help but to listen. He really draws you in. It doesn?t hurt that he is also a looker.,4.5,2.0
Wicked prof! makes you understand economics!. He has a bit of an old school approach in his teaching style, but it helped alot! His handwriting is not too clear. But he explains everything step by step and is VERY CLEAR about the concepts. however he is hard to hear and mumbles alot.,4.5,2.0
Textbook is easy to follow, but if you attend his lessons it is more clear. Pretty helpful, and cute prof.,5.0,2.0
Awesome prof. Easy to approach and talk to, very clear when explaining terms and ideas. Only problem could that he writes all of his notes up on the blackboard which could cause some confusion and is not always clear.,5.0,2.0
Definitely one of my favourite profs from first year. Was extremely helpful and taught the course extremely well. (I had taken AP Econ so it was a breeze for me)! And he plays on intramural basketball team. He's awesome!,5.0,1.0
Best Prof I have had in the arts and business program so far. He truly wants to see everyone do their best in his class and makes it his business to provide a clear lesson. He's quite a funny guy and his lectures are very organized. His class is worth your time and you'll enjoy it!,5.0,4.0
Amazing prof. Understandable, good at teaching, and you leave knowing what you need to know. Also if you have any questions, ask, go see him after class. One of the nicest guys ever.,5.0,3.0
Very nice and well humored prof. Really tried to make sure everyone was understanding what he was teaching. Uses fun, yet still relevant examples to explain his point.,4.5,3.0
I think he is a really good prof. He is clear and usually quite interesting to listen too. If you can i recommend taking this course.,4.0,2.0
EASY COURSE,4.0,2.0
I had him for Econ 101 and didn't get the mark I wanted because I didn't go to class. However, he's a great prof and is very thorough. Things he could improve on are using UWACE, using a microphone and possibly turning down the lights/using an overhead projector (not the neatest writing). Just go to class and you'll be fine.,5.0,3.0
Excellent Prof.,4.0,2.0
Carvalho is an awesome prof - he's clear, concise and funny. Made econ an interesting course. Midterms and final were fair but if you go to class you will do fine. He barely tested material from the textbook! I definitely recommend taking econ with him,5.0,3.0
Great prof...really funny....made econ fun to learn, and it was pretty easy too....recommend taking econ with this prof, once you are tested on a chapter you dont need to know it again on a future midtem or final,4.0,2.0
Listen to what he says and you'll do amazing,4.5,1.0
Approachable and interesting.,5.0,3.0
Good prof. Entire mark is based on multiple choice exams, quite easy if you attend classes and read the study guide. I got a good mark with imperfect attendance.,4.5,1.0
the best professor i ever had. He explained all the concepts throughly. His exams and midterms are fair and if you go to his lectures and copy down what he says you ll find this course really easy. Easy course to bumpp up your mark, He is a gangsta prof and sumtimes even swears during class to emphasize a point.,5.0,2.0
hes a wicked prof... knowz what hes talkin about n shows a interest in what hes teacher, highly recommend takin this course...easy****t,4.5,2.0
good teacher, but got repetitive at the end. His midterms and exams are very easy.,3.5,1.0
He is like THE BEST prof ever! Very helpful and clear on teaching the materials. Always attend his class! It's never boring, time always passes by so fast in that class.,5.0,3.0
excellent prof! explains concepts well and very understanding and helpful. i really enjoyed his class.,4.0,2.0
Good prof! explains things nice and clear without much need for reading the text. Also, when we did well on a midterm that material isn't on the final, and he made whichever midterm we did better on worth more. Take his class!,5.0,2.0
Very technical prof, does everything with great detail and good explaination. Best prof for ECON 101! Not enough reality issues presented in his class, since most of the subjects are textbook material and very abstruct. Overall, excellent prof, swears sometimes, funny, and extremely helpful/nice!,5.0,2.0
awesome prof!!!!!!!,4.0,3.0
all i gotta say is...hez a SIK prof! amazing guy...knowz wat hez talkin bout..makes the class interesting and has gd jks...but honestly..outta the econ profs i had..hez by far the best...TAKE EM..truss!,4.5,1.0
Good prof. Knows his stuff and has good lectures. Always starts on time.,4.0,3.0
Carvalho's explanations were excellent. I never took an ECON course before, but it made it pretty clear. He's pretty tall too, and I could always hear him.,5.0,1.0
WOW, I actually learned A TON in his class. You know why? A) He's an AWESOME professor & B) His mid-terms and finals didn't stress me out, since they only covered manageable chunks of ECON101 (especially the final)...maybe other professors should take a few pointers from him, he makes learning fun,5.0,1.0
good guy, repeats concepts so they sink in, very fair prof. when it comes to marking, go to class and pay attention, and brief recap studying will help you do well,4.0,3.0
Excellent prof. Very clear and detailed lectures, and very approachable after class. Makes for an excellent academic advisor as well. As for the course, it's not easy to the point where it's effortless, although, at the same time not difficult the to the point where it's unmanageable.,5.0,4.0
Great class, great prof. Very funny. Easy course only if you actually study and attend lectures. Recommend for all first year students,5.0,1.0
lets just say he is very funny at times and remember this quoute because you will hear it a lot, "lets take this one step further",5.0,2.0
truss...this teacher is wicked! lik i barely read anything and i do well on his exams...so im telling u..if u wanna enjor class and actually learn sumthing..so for this guy...plus hez a joka so ya ....trus...u cant go wrong wid this man,5.0,2.0
He is the the best prof so far. And you will enjoy his class, really. No kidding~~,5.0,2.0
Extremely clear regarding course topics and often repeats several times. No surprises on midterm. However, ofter tries to lighten lectures up with UNnecessary doses of profanity here and there... tries a bit too hard to look badass,4.5,2.0
Coolest Teacher of all time. His examples relate to people our age, with references to marijuana, alcohol and all the finer things in life, Learning is easy, and he likes to swear at stuff like chalk breaking, if you take this course, you must have this professor!,5.0,1.0
This guy is halarious! He writes almost everything u need to know on the board. Sometimes he will just say it and you'll have to write it down, but not like it changes anything. If you want the best econ teacher out there, enrol into his class immediately,5.0,1.0
My god he's the best teacher I've *EVER* had...so patient, explains things very, very clearly, goes at a reasonable pace and I love it when he swears ;)...A must have for ECON101...don't believe the hype behind Larry Smith for ECON...Carvalho rocks!!,5.0,1.0
You'll love this guy...made econ easy to understand. Easy exams, writes the notes for you, no need to read the textbook - just study based on lecture notes - do the practice exams, some questions come from there. Not even Larry can top this guy in 101.,5.0,1.0
I loved him! He's so gangsta. Just a cool guy. The lectures are kinda boring, but he explains super well. He's really good on exams, he worked the exams out so everyone can get a better average.,4.0,2.0
VERY FUNNY GUY, AND HE IS A GREAT TEACHER TOO....JUST GO TO CLASS, AND YOU'LL DO FINE, AND HAVE FUN, NO JOKE!!,5.0,1.0
Manny is a great teacher - I really enjoy him. Cares about his students.,4.5,2.0
easy exams, detailed notes and funny jokes. wut else are u looking for?! his notes filtered so much out of the text book that u don't need and they are everything u need to no. exams are all MCs that most comes out of the example tests. ans ALL questi,5.0,1.0
He gives lots of notes, but his attitude is great, exams VERY EASY 1/3 the questions come from the sample questions in the text book.,4.5,2.0
Gosh, He's AMAZING! Teachings are very clear and he writes notes for you and goes over the info again and again until you understand. His tests are relatively easy as long as you read the textbook! Plus, his occasional jokes makes lectures so much better!,5.0,1.0
As much as econ sucks, this guy makes it ok. Good prof.,4.0,2.0
A really good prof. He's funny and easy to understand. Go to his lectures and ur sure to do well. He actually made economics interesting, just might major in it because of him.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
Awsome teacher! Very funny! It's a really interesting course, and his tests are really fair too. The study guide multiple choice are really helpful.,5.0,2.0
Great guy. Makes lectures comphrehensible. Although, he doesn't look like it he is very approachable. Watch out for 2nd midterm!,5.0,2.0
What a great guy! Very nice prof - fair tests, great sense of humour. This guy really got me interested in micro,5.0,1.0
What a great man! He's so nice and his lectures are so good. They make sense and he doesn't make them dull.,5.0,2.0
What an amazing prof! So clear and precise and his tests are very fair-->study the material and you'll be fine. Plus, he makes the material very easy to comprehend. He's very sarcastically funny. Great class,5.0,2.0
Dry sense of humour but still funny,5.0,2.0
What a great teacher!! So clear in everything, I've never opened the textbook. Take notes and you'll be fine.,4.5,3.0
He's awesome. He constantly goes over material we already covered so we don't forget it. And he's pretty funny (even though he doesn't look it),3.5,3.0
Reminds me of the "smoking man" from xfiles... mysterious in a dull sort of way. I think i speak for everyone when i say that the addition of a monkey entourage would have dramatically lifted the spirits of both the class and Carvalho himself.,3.5,2.0
Casual teaching style that makes learning easy. Didn't crack textbook once the whole term (and missed about 8 classes) and escaped with a grade in mid-70's. Go to classes with this man and you will know it all.,5.0,2.0
Funny guy. Cares about students.,3.0,2.0
Nice guy, funny, and cares about students. Classes boring cause of material,4.0,2.0
Have trouble with lights in DC1351. Good prof. Wonderful test results.,5.0,1.0
Very good teacher, straight from textbook. Didn't attend classes but did well.,4.5,2.0
Easy ass tests. Questions right out of study guide.,5.0,2.0
Really friendly, always willing to help, but too many graphs!,5.0,2.0
Just an Amazing prof! knows his ****.... made me want to go to class!!!,5.0,1.0
Awesome teacher, always get out of class early. wants a high class average,5.0,4.0
best prof of the term....,5.0,2.0
Great speaker, can't work light switch, sticks closely to textbook, nice guy,5.0,1.0
Great Prof.......excellent speaker!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
primo teacher....he know his stuff,5.0,2.0
This guy is awesome. He will teach you alot that you can't learn else were.,5.0,2.0
Can't work the light switch. Don't need to go to lecture. Use the Study Guide.,4.5,1.0
Marlboro man. His profanities are funny,4.5,1.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Very personable outside of class. must be a good father,5.0,3.0
He's jaded and sarcastic, and it rocks! Simply outstanding prof!,5.0,2.0
Good Prof, good examples. Easy to approach and very helpful outside class.,4.5,2.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
Straight Shooter - NO BULLSH*T-- Fair,4.0,3.0
A must take university course! Professor is very knowledgeable. I learned alot,5.0,2.0
Has a tendency to swear every 5 mins in class. HAHA...pure joker!,3.5,2.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
good man, teaches b/c he enjoys, not b/c he has to,5.0,2.0
A great teacher, has a sense of humour and isnt afraid to speak his mind,4.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
hates going to class more than students,3.0,3.0
A very good teacher. But be careful about his dirty words in class!,5.0,1.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR you will regret your entire existence. Doesn't know how to teach and forgets what class he's in and what assignment he assigned. I don't even understand why and how the university even allowed him to teach. Genuinely has no idea what he's doing and keeps rambling about the same thing over and over.,1.0,4.0
Doesn't reply to emails unless it's being passive aggressive, doesn't post quiz solutions so you have no idea what you did wrong the entire semester, rude, clearly doesn't care about his students, makes a simple course 10x more difficult than it needs to be,1.0,4.0
nah you know what, he's pretty generous so you can't even complain,5.0,4.0
I took his Econ 472 and this person is the worst teacher in this university. He gave us no help in writing paper and could not remember anything. Each class he says the same words over and over again.,1.0,5.0
Has no words except Awful,1.0,5.0
Don't take any course of him.,1.0,5.0
Never understand what he is talking about.,1.0,5.0
garbage.,1.0,5.0
Trien Nguyen is a really nice professor. He cares about his students. You need to put in work though. Do the assignments and readings and you will do well on the course. He uses his own textbook for the course.,3.0,4.0
- Focuses on course technicalities, rather than if students learn - Can't understand anything he says, because he ALWAYS mumbles - Unreasonably hard marker, who doesn't give any comments that justify his marking Avoid him if you can. I think the university deserves a better professor.,1.0,5.0
INCOMPREHENSIBLE!!!! Heavy accent and he mumbles. He is rude to you in office hours. Avoid at all costs.,1.0,3.0
If you want to do well in this course you have to dedicate your entire term just to this one course and nothing else.,1.0,5.0
I had a few classes with Prof. Ngugen in the 1990s. His accent is heavy but he's a fluent English speaker. At the time, he was willing to mark you with 100% weight on final exam but his finals were tough. Mid-terms, by comparison, were easier. He injected humour well. Fave quote: "You have no competition in a monopoly because you killed them all.",4.0,3.0
Very enthusiastic professor with a sense of humor; willing to help students and genuinely wants everyone to do well. The material may be confusing at times but his notes are great and very comprehensive!,4.0,3.0
Prof. Nguyen is great! He is hilarious and enthousiastic about teaching. You can tell that he really loves his job. The material is somewhat confusing but he goes through it at a relatively slow pace. If you go to class, you will get a great mark and learn a lot. Midterms = Easy. Final = Hard, but he rewards loyal students and boosts marks.,3.0,2.0
I understand zero of what he says. the text book he wrote is absolutely awful. the multiple choice was pretty easy though.,1.0,3.0
Seriously i dont understand him mumbling in class, but his stuff is easy, MC for mid term and final. Plus 25% of the final mark goes to attendance and online quiz. Just that I really dont get how SHAZAM is related to Econ after all.,2.0,2.0
its hard to understand his accent but you get used to it after a couple of classes. his exams are fair and he does not try to trick you. assignments are pretty easy!,3.0,1.0
The prof stated that "A" students end up reading thru his 300 pg textbook 7-8 times over the term. That's what I ended up doing and I got my best ever ECON mark. The prof gives you LOTS of chances for bonus marks... so show up in class and do his extra assignments. The prof has a trainwreck sense of humour; it adds variety to the many models.,3.5,5.0
Questions in emails were never been replied.,1.0,5.0
He is a Great Teacher he really cares about his students, although some of his questions are hard he provides you with enough resources to do well! Amazing Teacher !!,4.5,3.0
He is the best, most hilarious ECON prof i have ever come across, his classes are easy to understand, and his classes are a lot of fun.. guaranteed good time in class.. if u want it to be. It may take some time to understand him initially, but once ur over that, its quite magical.,5.0,3.0
Broken English. Features his own textbook. Relativelt easy exam. Multiple Choice. Not great prof.,2.0,3.0
One of the worst professors in the dept: stresses 10th grade math; made-up and inconsistent models, arbitrary marking schemes, terrible accent, empasis on how much he likes you rather than how much you know, and oh yes, just downright narrow-minded, incoherent and STUPID! This guy should've stuck to being a Chemical Engineer...,1.0,5.0
Just a terrible professor. He made the STATS class into "Shazam for Dummies". Shazam, by the way, is a program that nobody uses but him and his econ 221 class. He also makes you buy his book, "stats with shazam", through him. IT is a book that nobody use except him and his econ 221 class. See the connection here?,1.0,3.0
Nguyen seems to be one of those profs who gets hired to do research but clearly has no interest in teaching; he's rude, unhelpful, doesn't respond to e-mails, can't speak English to save his life, stops updating his website after the first month, and personally sells the textbook (which he wrote himself) so you can't buy it at the used bookstore.,1.5,4.0
this class sucked. its not like the assignments were hard or anything, its just I don't speak Vietnamese or whatever incomprehensible language he mumbles away in. He does seem quite happy about whatever he IS talking about.,2.0,4.0
worst course ever!!... and he is such a horrible prof! I didn't understand what the hell he was trying to say!!,1.0,4.0
Language is a barrier but it can be overcome. If you go to his office more than the day before a midterm he WILL help you and is VERY understanding. Being forced to buy his book is unfair but he did not write shazam as some stupid ppl said ... it used EXTENSIVELY in 321/421 you'll be thanking him later that he made you learn it,3.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
This is the worst teacher I've ever had. Never have I disliked a course so much. He won't even mention the midterm or final, answer your emails, and you can't get anything useful off his website (not even lectures because he doesn't update). You also have to learn a stupid computer program just because he wrote a book about it.,1.0,4.0
Worst Prof ever. Honestly. LOL It would be hilarious if he was teaching preschool. All the little kids would cry. But yea, SHAZAM shouldnt be part of stats.,1.0,5.0
RUN, run and hide - or bring a translator. Yet another prof who speaks terrible english at the university of Waterloo. Translators should be included in tuition. Class requires more commitment than a marriage - have fun... you will fail with this man.,1.0,3.0
He is a tough prof but he teaches very well. he has a very unique style but it helps to understand the subject better,4.5,3.0
He made us learn shazam, which is a retarded program. The only reason shazam is even in the curriculum is because he wrote a book on it, which he also made us buy. I guess that is the only way someone would buy his book...,2.0,3.0
This professor and army of TAs doing there masters... let me tell you that these masters students are jealous we are getting higher marks than them so they are marking us poorly and unfairly so we don't get into top-tier masters, because masters here is****,1.0,1.0
I can't understand anything the prof said. And he's also one of the worst prof I've ever had in UW. He doesn't care about students and I really think he just doesn't want students to bug him at all. His markings are ridiculously hard and his 3-steps of solving problems r just purely stupid!!,1.0,4.0
Sounds like Cartman from "South Park" and takes attendance during classes. Can it be any worse?,1.0,5.0
His lectures on the CD sounded like one continuous run-on sentence, which made it hard to understand. This class involves too much math, which is way beyond my abilities. This is an Arts course, not a math course. Not suited for students who do not have a strong math understanding.,2.0,5.0
Get ready for the biggest bell curve of your life. Everyone fails!!!!,2.5,5.0
horrendous horrible and extremely mean , this i one guy who you cant expect help or any assitance from.the course is basically a memorization of his favourite tho tho tho models and is utterly useless.take this class with him only if you urgently need to or otherwise avoid him at all costs.,1.0,3.0
This is the kind of prof you hate initially, but learn to appreciate. While this class was quite difficult, I found that I learned a lot. He really does make you work for your mark, although in the end he bell curves the marks. His course notes are very practical for other courses. Just keep with it,4.0,4.0
Worst prof ever: English is horrible. Makes us learn Shazam for half the course (stupid program) Test/Exam very hard Don't get on his bad side or prepare for bad marks.,1.0,5.0
Not a fun class at all, really hard to understand his lectures and he leans way too much on Shazam!nails you in the last quarter of the term with all the important material... publishes the course notes/text only way to get it is to pay him,1.0,4.0
Who is better for ECON301 him or Busch?,1.0,5.0
Worst class ever!!! The guy sounds like Cartman from South Park. No clue as to what the guy is saying half the time. Not approachable at all cause he'll just yell and say "Do I know YOU!" DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE!,1.0,4.0
This man is a ****le on the profession of teaching. Spend 1/2 a term learning a stupid computer program, all the while listening to him assault the english language. Takes attendence every single day.,1.5,4.0
Warning: Don't take his class! Lectures are a waste of time, not organize, not informative at all, talking nonsense for most of the time, but muddle through materials which students want to learn! He doesn't intend to "teach"...just talk n talk, I'm so regret that i took his class!,1.0,4.0
I can't understand a single word this prof says. He also preaches that he is a very helpful guy but when I went to talk to him he was no help whatsoever.,1.0,3.0
This guy is a fool...a joke of a prof...guys like him should be forced out of school...hell we are paying his salary. No help whatsoever.,1.0,5.0
memorize 3-step procedure then you will be fine! But it is unfair to make us pay $70 for his course notes.,3.0,2.0
Easy course. Some work though. Follow his directions and you'll be fine. A bit scetchy that he is publishing the course notes himself. (That's what I've heard anyways...),4.5,3.0
Course is a joke. What a fool. Mathies beware. This guy takes away all your creativity in making solutions -- but wait- he's an engineer- surprise surprise. He thinks like one too, with blind memorization and NO UNDERSTANDING!,2.0,1.0
Make sure you do any past tests he post up or get them from a friend. Tests are just the same with different numbers. Final was weird and hard. Thought I failed it, but end up with an A, maybe everyone failed it.,3.0,2.0
If you plan on engaging in any thought whatsoever, do not take this class with this prof. He preaches blind memorization. Luckily, he generally preaches in a foreign language, as he can't speak English. AND he is an unfair marker.,2.0,2.0
3-step process. Let me make a 10-step process for him. Hard worker, but has a very annoying grading scheme. Can't think for himself. IQ < 85. Bad English.,1.0,1.0
he is not so bad, you need to go to many lectures before you get used to him.final was hard, but he gives bonus marks.,3.0,2.0
The course is fine, but hardly special. The grading system is hgihly random and terrible. If you can't afford a random mark between 65 and 85 on your transcript, take the class next term. You will not understand why you got the grade you did.,2.5,3.0
Notes made the course easy to follow. Relied heavily on overheads. Make sure you know your stuff because he asks a lot of questions in class.,3.5,2.0
Teaches micro in macro; contradicts himself; always seems nervous; can't seem to part from his overheads; only picks guys to answer questions in class; sleep alert.,1.0,2.0
I hate this guy! He claims that the course notes are in short supply so he has to get the payments so the publisher(Narada Press) can make special copies. Little does everyone know, he IS Narada Press. Just memorize the 3-step process.,1.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
hard to understand, is not very helpful, can be ignorant when a question is posed, unreachable only 3 hours a week of office time,1.0,5.0
run...and run fast!,1.0,5.0
With the money he makes off his course notes by ripping off poor students, he can retire a millionaire!,4.0,2.0
I couldn't figure out what language he was speaking...DONT buy his text is is a rip off...but the entire course revolves around how to format your mathematical answers...you don't really learn anything,1.0,3.0
Big problem - made us pay 80 bucks for what turned out to be bound course notes he wrote. WHAT A JOKE! I can't believe he could get away with that. Class itself was a joke, but leave it to people who dont know how to study to complain about that.,2.5,1.0
Nice Prof, willing to help. Not very good in English but has good notes.,3.5,4.0
only one words: worst, I do not know how to fill out the evaluation form,1.0,5.0
I just finished writing the final...I might have been more disappointed if I hadn't walked in knowing that I was going to fail (even though I went in with an A).,2.0,5.0
Made the class SO aggravating to go to, I just stopped going. Worst mark I ever got because of it.,1.0,5.0
Should not be teaching. I ask for help, he reads me the quesiton. I ask again, he all but calls me stupid.,1.0,4.0
Worst Prof!! English? Screws you on his textbook. Doesn't care about your gr,1.0,5.0
for math students: this class is a joke,1.5,2.0
can't understand him and he makes attendance manatory!,1.0,4.0
No Comments,2.5,5.0
No Comments,2.5,5.0
seems to care about his good students a lot,4.5,3.0
fav punchline in class: that's the tricky part!. last 'prayer' on projector,1.5,4.0
inconsistent; assignment specifications are unclear;assumes students don't think,1.0,5.0
Needs to polishup manner in delivering points across/ throws facts but not clear,1.0,5.0
Rules with an iron fist, but makes you learn. Good enough.,4.0,5.0
Needlessly muddles simple concepts and makes a tidy profit on his book.,1.5,4.0
I got a 95% but man I really had to work for it. Beware the final!,3.5,5.0
Incoherent self-written text read to students for four months with mandatory att,1.0,5.0
Makes you work your ass off! But pays off in the end,4.0,3.0
Term work is easy but final is extremely hard and unfair,1.0,5.0
His textbook is excellent! He definitety like his math :).,5.0,2.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
I couldn't understand a thing he said, and he needs to change his clothes,2.5,3.0
****!,1.0,5.0
Way too tough but makes you learn.,2.0,5.0
I hate Nguyen. Hard prof; needs to change,1.0,4.0
Needs to chg clothes and style- HORRIBLE,1.0,2.0
Term work is easy. "It's time for a quiz!" Beware of final!!!!!,4.0,2.0
he rants like a crazy old man....,1.0,3.0
classes are like a dictorship but does get his point across,3.0,4.0
No Comments,2.5,5.0
"I am so proud of my very expensive course notes that's not useful to students",1.0,4.0
He literally wore the same yellow/grey sweater to every class!,2.5,4.0
No Comments,3.0,4.0
This guy literally doesn't care about the class. He's not afraid to insult students during lectures and his office hours are worse than useless.,1.0,5.0
Lecture notes are condensed version of his own textbook, both of which are pretty clear. Will get very angry if you take your phone out during class, sometimes rude when asked questions he deems bad. Personally found lectures interesting, and he tried to keep things entertaining with a few jokes. Tells you exactly what's on exams, so go to class!,3.0,4.0
One of the best professors I had during my time at Waterloo. Very fair tests and assignments - directly from lecture notes.,5.0,1.0
Honestly one of the better profs this term. Don't know what happened, but basically none of the reviews on here applied to him. Lectures were clear and to the point, nice examples, he cracked jokes, willing to answer questions. Don't let anyone play on their phones or talk during lectures and maybe he'll be as nice as he was to us.,5.0,3.0
He really doesnt give a care anymore but despite what most say, hes a decent prof if u listen in class. His course content is pretty abstract and difficult to understand though. Do lots of old finals and dont memorize solutions. Also, read the book if u dont understand lecture notes. Beware he doesn't reuse old exams anymore like he used to.,3.0,5.0
Hes great,5.0,5.0
Better prof than others give him credit for. He's very good at teaching the concepts in SYDE 351. Also, when the class did very poorly on midterms he was willing to accomadate by writing an easy final so that most people could pass. Requires effort to do well in, but not an unreasonable amount.,4.0,2.0
Professor Savage's teaching methods are out of date and his exams and unreasonable. He uses public humiliation in class as a tactic to get students to work harder and it appears to boost his ego when students struggle in his class. Expect zero help outside of class. The only possible way to pass this course is to review past midterms and finals.,1.0,5.0
I took , SYDE283 and SYDE351, and I failed both the first time. He moves fast, but if you listen to everything he says he is actually a good lecturer. My second time taking 283 with him I actually enjoyed the class and it ended up being one of my highest marks. Pray you get Birkett for 351. No phones. Attend Lectures.,2.5,4.0
Must do past midtermsfinal exams to do wellpass the course.,1.0,5.0
Masochistic professor, enjoys students suffering, even when it doesn't teach them anything. Lecture are very boring, can learn better by reading notes. Likes to fail most of the class.,1.0,4.0
Tends to hate students. His lectures are fast-paced math with diagrams thrown in. Assignments don't reflect exams at all. Just about the only way to pass is to memorize the solutions to old exams, the questions for which he gets from another textbook.,1.5,5.0
Horrible prof, one of the worse prof I have ever met. If someone told you that prof cannot to anything they want to do because we as a student can stop him... (this guy can).. even the department cant stop his bad teaching. Solution to passing his course is to depend on MIT videos (amazing prof btw). He should just retire...,1.0,5.0
Terrible Prof. He simple does not know how to teach this course. The text book he provides is a joke! Totally not worth 60$. In my personal opinion he should be sacked as he is just as good as someone of the street teaching students that are paying lots and lots of money for!,1.0,4.0
His notes are terrible, solutions don't even match. He doesn't know the answers to in-depth questions. Teaching incredibly unclear, basic concepts are next to impossible to understand from him or his notes,1.5,3.0
biggest waste of money in the universe to even be in this class. watch the MIT lectures on opencourseware and those will get you through (hopefully). i hate this guy with a passion. i hope he retires before he can ruin more lives,2.0,5.0
Horrible prof. To pass this course: (1) read book and then go to lectures so you understand what's going on (2) attend his tutorials, these questions will be on the exams (3) memorize ALL answers from ALL old exams (not just the recent ones) (4) make absolutely no small errors on exam problems or you will lose all the marks for that question,1.0,5.0
Probably one of the worse professors/teachers I've ever had my whole life. Only good thing he does is that he recycles past exam questions.,2.5,4.0
Horrible prof. His exams are impossible unless you have the past ones. Recycles. No interest in teaching; unfair marking.,1.0,5.0
Worse prof in the whole world. He takes a lot of his exam quetions from the past exams, butyou cannot write exactly what he wrote in the solution in the past exams or he'll say "that's my answer not your answer". Unfair marking, cannot ask him for marks even if he marks it wrong, he'll blame you for writing messy or didn't make it clear.,1.5,4.0
Not interested in teaching, exams were ok,1.5,4.0
No Comments,2.0,5.0
go to class its worth it!,3.0,3.0
I had only been to his lectures three times. Reading the text was good enough. Midterm was very very easy. As long as you know the stuff you should be safe. Just watch out the final!,1.5,3.0
Incomprehensible course notes, awful attitude towards students, overall horrible professor. On the upside he reuses his exams so just look in the exambank and you can get 80% no problem.,1.0,3.0
Brutally boring, utterly uncaring, rude.,1.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
going to his lectures is like stabbing yourself in the eye. If you can help it, don't sign up for his course! He belittles his students and always responds to questions with "that's interesting" and never really answers anything.,1.0,3.0
Textbook is friend and it doesn't tell you that you're a "waste of time",1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
Horrible prof...very unclear.,1.0,5.0
Bad note, boring class, unhelpful.. one of the worst prof I have met so far,1.0,4.0
Really really really bad notes.....can't study from pages of pictures with no explanations,1.5,5.0
Don't like his teaching style. You're better off reading the textbook than attending his lectures.,2.0,2.0
He's very.. you know... check the textbook and I'll get back to you.,1.0,4.0
warning the final exam is on stuff you don't practice during the term,3.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
He beat the system!,5.0,3.0
explains concepts poorly *on purpose* to make his area seem harder.,2.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
He's got a bad rap - he's not that bad.,3.0,3.0
Better trim the mustache. Better help students with exams.,3.0,4.0
The man is just an ass. There's no need to screw us that badly on final,1.0,5.0
Wears the same shirt and pants,1.5,3.0
Don't bother arguring about your mark,1.0,5.0
How can one man be filled with so much hatred for systems?,1.0,5.0
horrible,1.0,4.0
ugh,1.0,5.0
Reminds me of an old duck... Quack Quack!!!,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
Poor teaching, doesn't care about students,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
Retired, Bitter, Will get ass kicked by Anderson,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
a) he cannot teach,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
She is the worst professor I have ever seen in UW!!! Never take her class again!,1.0,5.0
As a student who has graduated after taking her class, I advice you to not take her class, ever in your life. She has very little feedback towards your work, and marking scheme is vague which confuses students. The course material is not useful for building your career and she needs to improve her teaching skill.,1.0,2.0
actually a very lousy teacher. dosen't explain the concepts. The TA explained the concepts much better than the prof.,1.5,2.0
Teaches a generally easy course, though it will require work. Tries to incorporate dynamic methods involving the class into her lectures, which are well organized. Cites a lot of examples, which is interesting, but not too in depth. Assessments can catch you off guard as you're not too sure how to respond, so make sure you know the content well.,5.0,2.0
Good Course Topic, but doesn't teach anything in-depth. Makes you think you are back in High School, the way she treats you. Course could be so much better if she went deeply into material. Easy Final, hard maker! Expect at least 5% drop!,1.5,2.0
Don't know what to say. Was not an impressive prof. Was not a bad prof either. May be it was the course... Easy exams, hard marking?,3.0,2.0
Really, really hot! She has a lot of fun...and did I say she is really HOT ;),5.0,1.0
HOT!!! but does not let you touch her. her classes are more of students teaching students with prof sitting at the back,2.5,4.0
she is very tough in marking and her TA is even tougher. you will not find even a single -ve comment in your report (rather you will find only praising comments). even then her TA will not give you more than 75%,2.5,5.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
I think she got her degree from a cracker jack box.....an absolute idiot, who teaches a course with no purpose other than to justify her own existence as a professor.,1.0,3.0
Awesome Prof, Best class so far.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
Good prof. Well organized online notes.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,2.5,2.0
tried to have fun. bad course though,3.5,2.0
smokin,3.5,1.0
No Comments,2.0,2.0
Nice prof, online course notes made it better for class learning,4.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
lunch class...,2.5,2.0
Rather boooring,3.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Lectures are simply text summaries,3.5,2.0
Likes to copyright things she copies from texts.,2.5,4.0
how does she know everybody's name?,2.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,4.0
They could cut ice...,2.5,2.0
what's the point of learning if she doesn't teach useful stuff,1.0,4.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Harry loves the nipons,2.0,2.0
Sexy eh Justyna???,3.5,2.0
He uses slides for this course but there are still quite a lot of written notes. His notes are a bit disorganized and his writing is a bit messy, but that's about it. 2 assignments and 2 midterms, both very easy. He's nice and caring and very engaging. He explains the material very well. Would take again,5.0,1.0
midterms are super fair, assignments a bit complicated, but he gives good lectures. he says you may need the textbook but his notes and practice papers are enough,5.0,1.0
Don't know why his reviews are so low. He's literally one of the best lecturers I've come across. He actually wants to be here and teach, which is a first. He is also engaging. He's super nice and friendly and gives very very easy midterms almost identical to practice ones. His notes are a bit disorganized, but the material sin't that hard anyways.,4.0,1.0
I used to avoid Freeland bcoz of boring lecture from second year ACTSC class, however taking MATBUS 470 with him made me change my mind. The course is pretty easy, nothing too theoretical, 2 midterms and 2 assignments are really easy, he gives a lot of examples and walk you through all the theory. it seems that he genuinely care about student,5.0,2.0
Definitely a dry professor, but he actually is very funny - people just can't tell whether he's making a sarcastic joke or being serious. This class isn't really that hard but people don't do the practice so our midterm averages were super low. Overall he teaches us what we need to know, and pretty good at answering questions if you ask after class,3.0,3.0
I took this online, so can't speak too much to teaching style. His organizations and material for the online course were solid. With regards to his reputation of giving brutal exams, I think that is very subjective. My experience (looking at multiple terms of exams) is that he tested very fairly, students just need to put in the work with practice.,4.0,2.0
Awful lecture. He made interesting materials boring and makes lots of mistakes in his lecture notes. Avoid if possible. Take alternative courses.,1.0,4.0
Boring and dry. Avoid if possible.,1.0,4.0
Better to read the textbooks than attending his lecture. I found reading the textbook a lot more helpful.,1.0,3.0
His lectures are very dry. Lots of hand written notes.,1.0,3.0
Boring prof, his lecture is always dry. Makes lots of mistakes in his notes..,1.0,4.0
Extremely dry lectures. Its better to just read the textbook instead.,1.0,5.0
His lecture are so dry. Very boring..,2.0,4.0
His lectures are very dry. That being said, the course is not difficult (especially if you read the textbook, which is a lot more coherent and easy to follow). My biggest complain is that, having taken courses on derivatives and options, I really enjoyed other classes, but this one just kinda ruined it for me :(,1.0,2.0
Strong, reasonable prof. Lectures are a wee bit dry, but understandable and he covers the material thoroughly. I would take another course with him. Tests were reasonable. Not easy, not stupid difficult, just a lot of crunch and grind.,4.0,3.0
thanks for a great term.,5.0,3.0
very hard examllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! all the actsc231 exam is made by him,1.0,5.0
Worst prof, test too hard, don't go to his class if u want high mark.,1.0,5.0
terrible prof and terrible academic advisor. avoid at all costs. condescending person and driest lectures ever,1.0,4.0
Useless lectures, extremely dry. He uses ppt directly from John Hull's website. Just read Hull's book, much better than his lectures. Shows friendly gestures of offering help, but he doesn't actually mean it. Not worth the tuition. Bad experience learning anything related to finance with this actsc Prof.,2.5,4.0
Interesting course and he is knowledgeable. His lectures are boring and useless for preping for the exams. Just read the textbooks, review assignments and go to the very last class to get some info on the final exam. Otherwise, he is an useless piece of s**t making students waste their precious money.,1.0,5.0
As an advisor, not only does he marginalize the female students - but his intimidation and insistence to leave math for students doing poorly is unfortunate. Math is not intuitive, eventually hard for all. Worst of all, there is no obvious and visible course of action to report or rate his performance. Should not be academic advisor to women.,1.0,5.0
His explanations were usually very clear. However, the pace of the lecture was super fast and most of the time you have formulas tossed at you without much further intuitions. There were NO tutorials, NO assignments, NO tests. Your only option was to read the textbook for help. Extremely difficult midterms.,3.0,5.0
really hard midterms, no tutorials, avg is curved down because of the accreditation,4.0,4.0
Seems to be reading examples from the notes online and doesn't really give any additional insight so makes you want to skip class...,3.0,4.0
The final and midterms are insanely long and tricky. No sample final is provided. Easy at first, then it goes crazy!!! If you missed a lecture, you would have no idea what he is talking about!!,2.0,5.0
We have learned everything from lectures, BUT there is NOTHING appear in exams. GOT two 90 in both midterms, but would fail in FINAL!!!,1.0,5.0
Explains quite clear but tough midterms...,3.5,4.0
This guy is probably the best prof in the Acturial Science department. Apart from the fact that he is friends with Matheson, his stunning voice, and his crystal clear description of T-Bills and "a angle double dot n" makes him the best prof I have ever had. I recorded all of his lectures on tape, and listened to them every night as I fell asleep.,5.0,1.0
Failed 3 quizzes, got 2 zeros, went in with a 43 percent average. Came out with a 99. Thank god for his 100% Finals. Love this man.,1.0,1.0
I see many negative comments toward this professor, but to be fair, he is a very good professor. Based on my experience I nearly failed, and my friends who actually got 90s, I need to say going to lectures and doing the questions on the textbook are very important to succeed in this course. Not studying enough is not the professor's problem.,4.0,3.0
Attending his lectures were no help for me. Basically taught myself this course from the textbook. Quizzes and final were difficult and time constrained.,1.0,5.0
Excellent prof. If you go to class and take notes you will get a good mark. He is probably the best prof for ACTSC 231 from what I've heard.,4.5,2.0
Very tough class, but this prof was very good at explaining concept. His quizzes and tests were all reasonably, but time constrained.,4.0,4.0
Took his class 2 years ago. Didn't go to any single lecture.. Just study hard for all the quizzes and make sure u do all the problems and u will be fine, contrary to what everyone says, i think his final is fair..,2.0,3.0
Should really attend this class. Never skip! His quizzes are straight forward from his notes and practice exams that he posts. He is better than other professors who do not speak English at all.,4.5,4.0
I expected Financial Mathematics to be taught in a much more exciting manner. Prof is highly boring. Quizzes are of average difficulty, but the final exam is a killer. I'd rather not have this prof again for anything else.,2.0,5.0
One of the comments below, sure the quizzes were pretty easy but at least wait til after the final to rate him.. That being said, he is pretty boring which makes the course not really that interesting.,3.0,3.0
It's not a very engaging course, the only thing you get out of it is a good grade. He teaches the material well, however.,4.0,2.0
It's not a very engaging course, the only thing you get out of it is a good grade. He teaches the material well, however.,4.0,2.0
Highly underrated! Great prof, his examples are very similar to what you see in quizzes. I love the structure of the course as well, 5 quizzes 8% each make you to keep up all the time, and one final exam at the end same as in other courses - 60%. He posts a lot of practice exams which are really helpful. Very easy course in general.,5.0,2.0
he is a good prof..the course is quite easy and he is willing to help if u really face problem and replied all ur problems in the email. i suggest to take his class!,3.5,2.0
Good instructor but very obnoxious. He has an attitude like he owns the faculty.,3.0,4.0
wrost prof, very unclear about the materials teaching. Avoid him if u can,1.0,5.0
This is the worst prof ever, same as the students below mentioned, drop the course if you have him, it was a big mistake to take a course with him AGAIN.I took 231 with him and I survived because the course was easy but do not take ACTSC 331 with him!!!,1.0,5.0
Drop the course if he is teaching.. trust me its worth it..,1.0,5.0
Worst prof ever!!! Someone called him **** in class and I totally agree. He's disrespectful and insults people. Don't ever take a class with him....ever!,1.0,4.0
WORST PROF! MAKES MISTAKES ALL THE TIME! RUDE! HE ONLY KNOWS HOW TO PLAGIARIZE THE TEXTBOOK'S EXAMPLES! BLAME ON STUDENTS WHEN CLASS AVERAGE IS LOW!,1.0,4.0
Great professor with very clear explanations/lectures.,4.5,2.0
Presented the material poorly. Messed up big time with the organization of the final exam. It was the 1st time it was written on a PC and I lost 20 min of the time trying to log into bad machines (eng lab) which i never got back. Will never forget when he told me that exams are not supposed to be fair. He got in trouble with the school over that...,1.5,4.0
Not a nice guy at all. Lazy. Finishes the hour and a half class early every time. Just stopped holding tutorial about 2/3 into the term. Boring style of teaching.,3.0,3.0
He doesnt know how to teach. Of course if by teaching you mean just writing down all the formulas straight from the text and wasting the whole class deriving formulas which we dont even need to know.Its better to buy the book and not go to class because in 3 weeks he has only done 5 examples showing how to actually apply the huge number of formulas,2.0,4.0
He sucks and is lazy,1.0,4.0
I heard that he teaches actsc231 very good and easy. but he does not knwo how to teach 371. He stole assignment from his wife's BUS class. and the assignment was damn hard..lazy guy, unfriendly.. no hair..,2.0,2.0
Easy course. ~Weekly online weekly assignments, 4 online quizs per term, all of which were easy. Final was also easy.,3.5,1.0
He is the worst prof since I have been studying in waterloo!! I am currently in term 2B. I took ACTSC 371 with him. All he did in lecture was click on the mouse button and showing us power point that all the stuff in the ppt are in the textbook. Moreover, he teaching really makes people sleepy.,1.0,4.0
this guy just DOES NOT KNOW how to teach......DONT EVER TAKE N E CLASSES WITH HIM....EVER,2.0,4.0
Best prof for this course, but that's not really saying a lot. One of the easiest classes in Waterloo, doesn't matter who's teaching... just read the textbook and you'll be good to go.,3.0,1.0
HORRIBLE PROF! Doesnt explain anything. Half way through the course you might figure out something he said at the beginning though. Another person said it best ... if you have trouble sleeping at night, go to his class,1.0,4.0
Good prof, very easy course. When I say easy I mean 100% easy.,4.5,1.0
i hate this guy...he's pathetic,2.0,2.0
The course itself was not difficult. However, he likes to throw formulas and examples at you without really explaining their importance, which is really annoying. Not as bad as the ratings suggest. He allowed us to bring a cheat sheet to the final, which was awesome.,2.5,3.0
Excellent prof, very good lecturer.,4.0,2.0
Great class! Loads of fun!,5.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Good notes, easy assignments & midterms, awful final. The 4th comment below mine was likely written by Prof Freeland himself.,3.0,4.0
Organized... ermm.. it's true he's never there when he's an advisor (he's advisor this term... haha) but that has nothing to do with his teaching. The final was hard... (ive never stayed that long for a final ever)... but you learn alot although some extra work outside of class is needed for good marks. It's a difficult course.. not the prof.,3.5,4.0
Unfriendly, kinda rude too. for those people who like him, wait till the term he's your undergrad advisor and you can never find him or when he's not eager to help. Having him for 232 screwed me over for 331,2.5,3.0
Contrary to popular belief, his Spring2005 final exam was fair. All the tricks and techniques that you need to write the final have all been covered in class. Of course, lazy people who don't bother to go to class always blame the prof when they screw up.,4.0,2.0
The people that have posted are a bunch of imbeciles that think an Actuarial Science degree is a designation allowing them to sit on their ass and get paid top dollar for it. He is a great prof, the students are too dumb (hence the reason why he makes midterms so easy). He is articulate and intelligent and the imbeciles are too dumb to realize that,5.0,2.0
He talked to the board the whole class. Midterms are easy, final exam kills. He acts very mean, but i think he's still reasonable. Passed me with a bellcurve.,2.0,5.0
He is not helpful at all. Has no sympathy in helping students even after bad ratings every year. The final is exam is hard. nothing without sucks,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
He gave us stuff in exam which was not even there in our course.Our freakin actuarial exams are easier compared to his ****...he doesnt get any from his so he screws us over instead...,1.0,5.0
gives easy, short assignments and LOOOOOOONG, HARD final, my advice? go into the final with a 100% if passing this course is anywhere on your mind. PS. writing his final is like getting slapped with a wet fish in the face (repeatedly, with more and more force each time).,2.5,4.0
A bit disorganized, but knows his stuff. very nice if being asked REAL questions. (He responded to stupit questions with "I guess u went to the lectures, right?") Final is way beyond the assignments and midterms, but if u take all extra problems seriously, u marks won't be too ugly.,3.5,2.0
I got murdered on the final.,1.5,5.0
He was great when I asked for help. He's got a sense of humor -- lost on most of the class though.,4.5,4.0
Easy midterms, easy assignments... but final destroyed just about everyone. Ignores students in class.,2.0,5.0
WE ALL HATE HIM! easy midterm and assignment BUT VERY VERY HARD FINAL! and not helpful either! DISLIKE FREELAND!,1.0,5.0
Lectures are a bit confusing sometimes, but on the whole his notes are fairlyb well organized. He's nice when you ask questions in his office hours, though a bit weird sometimes.,3.5,4.0
Explains ideas clearly but a little unorganized. He doesn't refer to his notes when he teaches (does it from memory instead) and sometimes he tends to forget things or make mistakes. Helpful outside of class, and good prof overall.,4.0,2.0
Good prof. Doesnt follow the text so its good for students who would rather go to class than read the text. Wasn't as good for Actsc371.,4.5,3.0
sucks!,1.0,5.0
This man sucks. He does not understand the course material and teaches information contradictory to other profs have taught. When questioned on why things were graded the way the were, he answered "I have to keep the average at about 65; so right or wrong I have to give you the mark I gave you.",1.0,5.0
One of those profs who will tell you 1+1=2 but will confuse the hell out of you explaining why. If you can stick with it, actsc 232 is better, just make sure you have a different prof! His exam was more painful than a baseball bat to the face.,2.0,5.0
a famous bad prof. in UW!,1.0,4.0
easy mid-term, so very hard final. He never gives you part marks. He try to make class average below 60%.,1.0,4.0
He sucks!! Don't take his course!! Hard exams, no part marks, I had to drop it!! Stupid teaching style, random notes, piece of****.,1.0,5.0
He made a very unfair and hard final exam!,1.0,5.0
Phewwwwww, all I want to say is: HE GIVES TOUGH FINALS, and he does not give ANY PART MARKS. His teaching style? Unclear, Unorganized, Unhelpful.....,3.0,5.0
wicked prof,5.0,3.0
He sucks. I did not understand what he was talking about in his stupid lectures.,1.0,5.0
All I learned in this course is that, He's gotta pick up his kids after class !! One of the worst prof ever!! He doesn't know how to teach, mark, and set up exam questions!!!,2.0,4.0
Teaches without obvious goal at hand. Throws a bunch of examples and formulas at you, hardly explains anything well. TOUGH,2.5,4.0
Freeland is an okay prof. He expects students to learn at his pace and his explainations aren't detailed enough. He usually gives you the formula for all the calculations but then expects you to know how to apply it.,3.0,4.0
Am I stupid or am I doomed!!! His notes is so not helpful (it's a mess!); quizs and exams are so not matched in the level of difficulty!!! Shoot me~~~ shoot me right now!,1.5,4.0
Very unorganized. He jumps from one topic to the next so your lecture notes will be all messed up. Very not understanding either, expect you to write a quiz even if you tell him you're having surgery the day before. Difficult exams.,1.5,4.0
u really need to get the text for this course...but dont buy from new bookstore--go to used one because its a ripoff,2.0,3.0
Yeah, 80% final = repeating the course a second time,1.5,5.0
Class notes are good, and got 100% in the course but was lost in actsc 331 beginning (actsc 232 review). Dunno if that says anything.,4.0,1.0
I don't get it. Every review about this guy teaching ACTSC 232 has been mostly kudos. While the ACTSC 231 ppl are slamming this guy, myself included. I don't like this guy.,1.0,5.0
very helpful,5.0,1.0
80% final is way too intense for an intro. course. Would've been much better for everyone if we had a midterm to distribute the mark (I think he was just too lazy to write/mark a midterm). Assignments were tough at times, and were not good prep for exam.,2.5,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Holy crap, an 80% final with so much focussing on stuff we barely touched on? This guy doesn't know how to teach a course. Not to mention, his lecture notes have mistakes, and he makes mistakes copying to the board, so you can't rely on your notes!!,1.0,5.0
Tough prof. Exams were SOOOOOOOO hard....!,3.0,5.0
I hope you like failing...,2.5,5.0
Writing down the formulas without explination. Hard final, so hard that 3 hrs is not enough to finish the whole thing.,2.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
easy course. Freeland is the man!!! take freeland if u have a choise and like fast pace. take cai if u want to learn slow!!!,5.0,1.0
Worst professor ever!,1.0,5.0
plain teaching,and the exam is much harder than assignments and quizes,2.0,4.0
Quizes were not hard (most of them) and marked fairly. But the final was so bad. He does not know how to teach. He only copies in the class. And even if you go for help, it doesn't help much.,2.0,5.0
Writes too fast on the board, he might want to supply course notes, especially due to the numerous minor typo's he makes. Quite helpful as he's there at the tutorials along with the TA's to answer questions. Tough final exam though. Good prof overall.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
He just copies notes onto the blackboard without any explanation. Even worse, he copies the notes incorrectly. He can make mistakes in anything. He offers 30 mins of office hour each day for 2 days each week. That's 1 hour per week. VERY unhelpful.,1.0,4.0
Talks too much about his kids. Makes too many mistakes on the blackboard... but at least you know he's a good father!,2.5,3.0
Frequently rushes through complex derivations. Doesn't spend enough time explaining why things are done, only how they are done. If you are diligent, it is not a problem. If you are not, you're in trouble. He will definitely make you earn your grade.,3.5,3.0
His lecture is only about formula derivation. He is nothing but a formula copier...Not helpful,1.5,3.0
Nice guy, but he is just a machine in class. He churns out 50+ blackboard per class! He rarely does examples, and when he does, he doesn't give any solutions. Posts study material on the web and extra problems, but yet again, doesn't give any solutions.,4.0,3.0
TERRIBLE prof. doesn't explain what he writes, makes a lot of mistakes.,1.5,2.0
He just copies his notes without any explanation,1.0,5.0
An excellent educator / Tests are generally long and hard but marked fairly.,4.5,4.0
Good proff!! A very kind and responsible proff...,5.0,1.0
can't teach, unhelpful,1.0,3.0
Good prof, makes mistakes, raises marks any way he can.,3.5,1.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
No Comments,2.0,5.0
if you're intelligent his teaching style and occassional errors are manageable,4.0,2.0
Very easy. Uses old exam questions. Go to mathsoc and review and u'll get 90+,1.5,3.0
Terrible notes, doesn't explain anything he writes.,1.5,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
He's a nice guy, but he just can't teach actsc.,1.5,3.0
This man is so incoherent it's not funny,2.0,3.0
No Comments,3.5,2.0
God he can't teach ... use the textbook instead with him and pray its good!,1.0,2.0
Boring... makes mistakes everywhere... did I mention boring.,2.0,3.0
class suffered from an early time.,4.0,2.0
Each year just gets a little worse!,2.5,2.0
If you can't sleep at night, go to his class.,2.5,3.0
His teaching ability does not allow him to teach a 3rd yr course yet.,1.0,3.0
making tons of errors every single class,2.0,1.0
Knows his stuff, BUT teaches straight from the text - class is useless.,3.0,2.0
A good professor!,4.0,3.0
Good course, interesting material. No exam: Lots of projects. Discussions are a little bit awkward.,4.5,3.0
Ed is a great prof if you are interested in the subject matter. He tries to make you think outside of class alot and he focuses on the concepts, not the math. One of the best systems profs and he loves the program. Love to have him for another course.,4.0,5.0
He is a great professor who can greatly motivate the students' creativity and encourage them work on their own interests and steps.,5.0,1.0
Ouch! I passed the second time through! At least he speaks english well.,3.5,5.0
Teaching style is check out how smart the prof is . I don't care,2.0,4.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
Excellent knowledge and organization of material; Could be more creative,5.0,4.0
Very rude to some students. Needs to learn some manners.,2.0,4.0
No Comments,3.0,4.0
he looks like tim robbins. hehe,5.0,1.0
Great prof willing to take time to ensure students understand,4.5,3.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,5.0
he's got an attitude.,3.5,4.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
Very brilliant,5.0,4.0
he's the man, no comment necessary,5.0,4.0
Really bad. We skipped all of the important stuff and people seemed fine with it since it was also the difficult stuff. Easy midterm and assignments, harder final. Unclear lectures, uses overhead projectors with messy handwriting. Many used a previous prof's slides to learn our course. We covered very little in 4 months. Avoid if possible.,2.0,3.0
Really passionate about the subject. Lectures were not the most exciting, but he uses frequent examples and gives very clear "hints" about assignments and midterms. Course is overall pretty easy as long as you pay attention to what he says in lecture.,4.5,1.0
Not the best professor in terms of explaining concepts, but he is a very friendly and helpful professor. Lectures are usually boring, but he tries his best. Midterm and final exam were straightforward and assignments were a bit on the easy side.,3.5,2.0
Puts lots of energy into the course but can sometimes be confusing.,4.0,1.0
Course is really easy, but prof was a little dull on teaching the course. He was helpful with some explanation, but overall course taught itself.,3.0,2.0
He is passionate about his subject, but is terrible at passing it on. Classes are very dull and concepts aren't explained very well, so you will spend a lot of time studying on your own in order to get a good mark.,3.0,3.0
Helpful and interested in his material, but has no idea to pass on his enthusiasm/knowledge. Good intention with extremely poor delivery. Resembles a wizard.,1.5,4.0
Good prof, helpful, VERY enthusiastic. Knows his stuff and has excellent real-world stories to supplement lectures.,2.5,2.0
Not a very difficult course at all. Sometimes he explains things too slowly and sometimes not enough - its the balance thats difficult. Assignments straight forward and Newsgroup postings always answered. Nice person - though the constant silence in class is kind of annoying. Sometimes you just want to yell just because CS251 is so bad.,5.0,1.0
Decent lectures and will provide a lot of help on assignments if you go by his office (or maybe lair would be a better term).,3.0,1.0
Tries very hard to explain concepts to the students and make sure that we understand it. However, his ability to articulate concepts is rather poor. I found it difficult to stay focused in his class. Overall, he gets an "A" for effort, but "C" for execution.,4.0,2.0
Holy freakin****...., do not take 251 from this man. He doesn't know how to explain anything.... The only thing that 251 and Mann are good for is a nice afternoon nap.,1.0,5.0
definitely one of the worst prof. i have seen in my life. !,1.5,5.0
Oh God!, the course is hard and he makes it even more harder. He makes it soo boring that before even reaching the mid-term, you will lose interest in this course. ! I tried a lot to understand what he is trying to teach, but i never could understand a single word !, Don't take his class !,2.0,5.0
The material of the course is VERY boring and he makes it worse. He knows his stuff inside out and it shows when you ask for help outside of class. But he doesn't know how to teach or explain the concepts in the class. Reading the textbook is more helpful than going to class and sleep.,2.5,3.0
The course is ok, kinda boring. Mann .. puts the class to sleep. However, he really knows his stuff and is very helpful 1-on-1 during office hours. ALWAYS go to his 8:30 class with a coffee.,2.0,2.0
Makes difficult material even more difficult to understand. Can not express course material very easily to students.,1.5,4.0
He knows what he's talking about, but he seems to have problems communicating his ideas in his lectures. This made a pretty dry course even worse. If possible, go to another prof's section.,2.0,4.0
The worst prof i've ever seen, he cant speak and explain clearly, always make mistakes. The bad thing is that he asked something not convered in lecture on exams!!!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
Not the best lecturer, but not for a lack of desire. Great during office hours.,3.5,2.0
He indirectly made fun of me when I asked him to write a reference letter for my Master's application. He said something like, if I am getting your mark, I wont apply for Master's, waste of time... Well, here I am doing Master's in Waterloo.,2.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Makes a hard course even harder. The guy doesn't know what he's talking about, and, although he tries hard, he should not be teaching this course.,3.0,5.0
This guy sat in Stephen's lectures several times to learn the materials he needed to teach! All I can say is that the existance of this pathetic creature definitely redefines the meaning of the word "incompetence",1.0,3.0
Richard gives good explanations and tries very hard to answer any questions. I thought he taught very well and was concerned about his students. Very good grad course lecturer as well, and very intelligent!,5.0,3.0
This guy sat in for lectured with the other CS251 proff, Stephen Mann. How many teachers are so horible that they have to learn the material the day of the lecture?,1.0,5.0
I don't know if this guy could spell his own name without making a stupid error.,1.0,3.0
brilliant guy.. i understood the material no problem,4.0,2.0
Couldn't teach for the life of him. Will make the simplest concept confusing.,1.0,3.0
Watching him attempt to teach is very entertaining,1.0,1.0
Knows the material. Can't get it across if his life depended on it.,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,2.0
Nice guy, but can't teach. Knows his stuff but just can't get it across.,3.0,3.0
Stutters way too much...the textbook is much better,1.0,3.0
The way he dresses is the way he teaches. Way to go!!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
Caught taking notes in other classes. Tries to use same examples, but failed.,1.0,5.0
Very confusing (not the material),1.5,3.0
CS120 student can teach better....,1.0,3.0
No comment.,1.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
Very poor lecturer. Understands material but can't get it across!,1.0,4.0
caught him taking notes in a different section for a course he was teaching,1.0,5.0
He may know the material, but not how to teach it!,1.0,3.0
Always unprepared and lost...,2.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
NO COMMENT,1.0,3.0
I have gone on to Post Grad, Forced to take two of his classes. I since did Post Grad Work through 8 years of uni he was the worst. He is one of the reasons undergrad degrees are not worth as much. Highlights: His system of favouritism - 'contract grading' where everyone he likes gets an A. Hypocrisy - his book on education was mandatory readin,1.5,1.0
I took a class from this guy years ago. I have since done two post-graduate degrees and he still sticks in my mind as the most atrocious professor I ever had. Absolutely terrible. Having your own thoughts and ideas in one of this guy's classes is going to be detrimental to your results.,1.0,2.0
Worst professor I've ever had. Spent very little time on the subject matter, and too much time preaching religion. He's been doing this class for 30 years now and has ruined it for all of them. Once a few years ago he gave out final marks for the class, and a janitor found the final exams unmarked in the garbage...,1.0,3.0
Just google Sai Baba and get a printout of his picture. All you have to do is take Sai Baba's picture with you in every class and you will get an A+. Just show your love for Sai Baba. Thats it. Doesnt matter what you write in your exam. You can leave it blank if you want to. But don't forget to insert Sai Baba's picture in it though.,5.0,1.0
he is extremely nice though.,5.0,1.0
All he ever did was talk about god. Told us that at the end of the class we could be consultants for major organizations. If I redesigned and organization using his crap it would fall to pieces. He says he's leaving, so that's good..,2.5,4.0
He's one cool dude. You dig my drift? Two Words: Contract Grading. If you suck, he'll help you do better. You cannot get a bad mark in his class, and if you do, its because you don't go to class. You'd think what he says is useless, but then when you take Strategy in 4th year, everything Sankar taught ends up being useful. Anyway, TAKE HIS CLASSES!,5.0,1.0
awesome prof!!!!!!,5.0,1.0
This prof is fantastic for your GPA. Just be prepared to memorize pointless info and his attempts to spiritually enlighten you.,5.0,1.0
Absolutely the worst prof I have ever had. An absolute waste of time. He wrote his own text -which was unedited and extremely poor. I've transferred out of Dal to SMU bcs if this is the calibre of professor here, I'm not wasting my money. Can't express in words what a waste of time that this course was. He demonstrated zero knowledge.,1.0,2.0
WOW! What an amazing Professor, very caring and knowledgable. He loves his job and his students, you can talk to him anytime which is pretty rare to do with university professor's these days. I definitly loved this class and am glad to have taken it from such an amazing, easy going professor A++++,5.0,1.0
WORST! professor in all of Dalhousie. He just wants you to memorize what he he has in his stupid book and then spit it back at him on the exams, stay away from him!.,1.0,2.0
Very good prof. Always available for help. His office hours are endless. Cares deeply about his students. Has a passion for teaching.,5.0,1.0
Awesome prof. He actually knows what he is talking about! Very under appreciated. This is one smart guy! He really wants his student to understand, not just cram for an exama nd forget everything later.b,5.0,4.0
He is a great Prof. Very helpful and looks out for his students.,5.0,3.0
Sankar is awsome! How can you not like this guy! He's a wonderful professor, dedicated to the welfare of his student's. He works more then 9 hours a week like other profs. He give his home number, calls back moments later, that is, if he dosen't awnser, and is a great guy. YOU CATCH MY DRIFT????????,5.0,1.0
Needs not to look soo damn hot!,5.0,1.0
Dr. Sankar is the best professor I've had at Dalhousie. Finally a professor who knows the topic he's teaching without having to rely on an overhead projector or ppt. slides to teach the class. 30 years of experience and teaching gives that rare quality to a teacher I guess. Work done = A+,5.0,1.0
Yassin Sankar is Premium in my books.Plus he is a sexy daddy!,5.0,1.0
People need to stop bothering this guy. If he likes you, which isn't hard for you to get him to do, then he'll take care of you. He want's friends, not critic's. "E-mail causes Alienation", hahaha. He has a bunch of hilarious one liners though. But they probably aren't supposed to be funny.,3.0,3.0
close to if not one of the worst profs i ever had... all he wanted was his words quoted back to him...,1.0,2.0
Worse prof I ever had. Made us by his book-useless and incomprehensible-then told us what a good guy he was for having it published in paperback (cheaper). Dishonest&unethical. I had nothing below B all term, but he gave me a C overall then went back and changed my prior marks when I confronted him.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
Terrible, Terrible, Terrible!!!!,1.0,5.0
Sankar = Per266formance. Nuff Said.,4.0,2.0
to the person rating this guy 3 times in one day with perfect scores. please stop. you ruin the system by doing that. this guy is a preacher, not a teacher. this should not be an eastern religions class.,1.0,3.0
You people have to be kidding. Sankar was only helpful if you went to his office and kissed his ass. His book is terrible. (no one can argue) and he gets an 8 yr old to administer tests, Because the last one he let everyone CHEAT! Legend in his own mind,1.0,3.0
I have no respect for the man, He also speaks of the importance of diversity yet he will never expect any ideas in class that he did not suggest. He is best of expamle of the quote "those who CAN, do. Those who CAN'T, teach.",1.0,3.0
Good guy... people don't like him because he talks alot.. but if you listen closely he gives you all the answers. And he is always up for extra help.,5.0,2.0
Nice, very nice.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Makes you think about things in a different perspective,4.5,4.0
Don't ask any questions, just answer his. Plagarise his text for all your papers. Don't think. Memorize. Get copies of past exams to study from because he is too lazy to change them year to year.,1.0,2.0
No Comments,2.5,3.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
he's ****ed...does not offer real critisism, just marks paper with a big read line with wither a NO or vauge...the when you ask for help...alone this is...he just tells you to improve by stopping failing...????what is that. Only listnes to,1.0,5.0
you have to learn to think outside the box man! I loath this man - going to his class makes me want to ****. I hate the book, I hate the material, I hate the cases! In order to get a good mark (contract grading?) you have to either be cute/or a brownn,1.5,3.0
The craziest professor at Dal! The key to his class is to never express one original idea of your own. The class will make you want to poke your own eyes out, but he'll make sure you get a good mark. You dig my drift?,2.0,5.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
like giving your money to a televangelist. I could actually feel myself getting dumber.,1.0,5.0
Avoid him at all costs. Take Organizational Behaviour from SMU or distance from Acadia. He can preach not teach. Terrible book. The course is a waste of money and time. Take it elsewhere. From a Dal business minor.,1.5,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Very Inspiring viewpoints,4.5,4.0
Easily the worst professor I have ever had.,1.0,5.0
Worst Professor ever. You will do good if you do not express any originial thought. Picks favorites, usually the good looking girls. He wrote the book, which is FULL of spelling mistakes. I cannot imagine there being a worse professor at Dal.,1.0,1.0
Tries to be your best friend... forces his opinion on you in class... picks favorties early on... believes only one correct opinion which is his... AVOID the class if possible,2.5,3.0
Nice man. picks favorites. not bad overall.,4.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
Excellent,5.0,1.0
Samuel Jackson in changing lanes once said: CAN YOU GIVE ME MY TIME BACK?!,1.0,2.0
contract grading makes it easy, but tries to force opinion on class,2.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
This man will kill any enthusiasm you have for your studies. SUCKS.,1.0,3.0
Bases grades on how much he likes you. avoid.,1.5,4.0
Yassin was a rocking teacher ! Contract grading!! get on his good side !,3.5,2.0
Avoid at all costs. Unhelpful and tries to force his opinion on the class.,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
This was suppposed to be an OB class not a freakin' comparative religions class!,2.0,3.0
He did not give lectures while we were online. He did office hours. If we had any question, no matter how trivial it may be or how close to an assignment question it may be, he would help us with great enthusiasm and no hint of any judgement. If we didn't have any questions, he would spend the office hours going over the textbook material.,5.0,4.0
Does not lecture, provides course notes + office hours instead. Wouldn't be too big of a deal but his course notes barely contain any examples. I counted 29 theorems/defs to 1 example in the notes for chp2 and 36 theorems/defs to 0 examples for chp. Maybe I'm a moron but seriously considering a WD (for the first time ever),1.0,5.0
Don't understand why this guy is a professor if he refuses to teach. Do not take online classes with him. Provides no lectures or videos and comes up with some bs excuses as to why he doesn't.,1.0,4.0
In Spring 2021, I took PMATH 351 with Stephen New. Every week I spent several days on his notes but rarely learnt anything. Don't take his class if you truly want to learn something!!,1.0,5.0
I took his PMATH 365 and PMATH 351, however, for both two courses I have not learnt anything to be honest. He had no lecture videos but just posted his awful notes. I spent very long time on his 365 notes but still could not understand the concept. His notes are really tedious without motivation as if I was reading the dictionary.,1.0,5.0
He just posts tedious notes on Learn and you can hardly learn anything. Assignments are long and hard but marginally related to core concepts. 1 out of 5 because there is no 0 :(,1.0,5.0
He does not post lecture videos during this online class, but his notes are extremely clear. If you do not understand a concept, please make a post on Piazza because he goes to great lengths to explain a concept. I did not attend office hours, but he is probably useful there too. Grading: 5 Assignments and very hard, but he gives hints for them :),5.0,4.0
Avoid him online if possible. No videos given only super long and confusing lecture notes. His reponse to demand for videos is that you should read the recommended text and spend more time. Why am I paying the tuition if I can learn everything from by myself a textbook?,1.0,5.0
Due to COVID, I haven't had the pleasure of doing a course with Prof. New in person. I took this course online where lecture notes were provided and five assignments were posted each due two weeks apart. The overall grade was based on the assignments alone. Prof. New responded to everyone's questions on Piazza and provided articulate explanations.,4.0,4.0
The man who is well-known as a beauty in mathematics.,5.0,4.0
When you watch Professor New teach, it is evident that he is in love with math. And this really gets flushed out over the course of a term. He knows his stuff upside down and backwards. He is a wonderful teacher, and although he comes up with the most difficult questions possible, he will adjust your marks fairly. He is a very nice man.,5.0,4.0
Respect.,5.0,4.0
Super Knowledgable. Great man.,5.0,5.0
The man is a legend.,5.0,4.0
Ah, legend. Without a doubt his class is the hardest out of all my first year courses. The content is harder than 147 but it is easier to get a good mark on a 145 exam because Marcoux does not curve 147 whatsoever. He is very patient, very helpful, EXTREMELY helpful, and if you genuiely like math, you will not be bored despite his monotone voice.,5.0,5.0
Great prof!,5.0,5.0
Really Good prof. The lecture contains the right amount of stuff that one doesn't feel that it's too much while he has to be super active to catch up with the pace. Meanwhile he explains stuff clearly and he's mostly free after class. Although this lecture is at eight thirty in the morning, I don't feel like missing any one of the lectures!,5.0,4.0
simply the most knowlegable prof I had ever seen,5.0,4.0
great,5.0,1.0
Really clear and concise professor, but his assignments are lengthy and difficult so be expected to work hard. He does curve a fair bit though.,4.0,5.0
I loved the course and Stephen New's lectures. He occasionally makes mistakes on the chalkboard, but this was a non-issue for many as he provided typed-up lecture notes with very few errors. Extremely difficult assignments and exams (midterm was much easier than final though).,5.0,5.0
Extremely hard course, assignments were designed unbelievably difficult but the midterm test was much better while comparing to the assignments...,5.0,5.0
Good prof,5.0,5.0
Hard course hard course. Need to speed up taking notes, but amazing prof!,5.0,5.0
If you're looking to fast track your mathematical understanding, look no further. This man has peerless knowledge in almost any area of mathematics you can name, and yet he is able to clearly and simply explain even the toughest and most abstract of concepts. While his assignments are incredibly difficult and push you to your limits, they're fair.,5.0,5.0
Easily one of the best professor you will ever met. It's going to be very hard as he is extremely rigorous and proves everything. But you will really learn a lot and see things clearer if you see it through. Tough assignments, tough exams, but the final score will be curved. It's totally worth the effort at the end. Plus, he is really funny.,5.0,5.0
Awesome prof.,5.0,3.0
Snew really knows how to be precise, which makes his lectures easy to follow. His assignments are tough, but he gives hints if you ask for them.,5.0,4.0
Snew is one of the best profs you can get at UW,5.0,4.0
Snew walks into lectures with no material but a small strip of paper, and produces everything from the top of his head. Everything about the course is very difficult, but he does give tons of hints for assignments if you talk to him. He is also caring - he stays after class to talk with students. He's hilarious in his own way. Also 10/10 dashing.,5.0,5.0
He is just awesome! Can talk and write for a whole class without any reference material. Really knows his stuff inside out. A brilliant and trustworthy professor!,5.0,1.0
This guy is too good, coming to class with only a chalk and still proving everything off the head. He is very helpful during his office hours so even if you sometimes struggle with the course material you can get it recovered easily. Cardinality is really hard, though.,5.0,2.0
SNEW is really approachable. But start his assignments EARLY(!!!!!) and ask for hints later. He is willing to help (and helpful, too). This is my first time being exposed to epsilon-delta proofs with a lot of quantifiers. Really confusing at the first three months of class lol. Without his hints on the assignments I could have failed this course.,4.5,4.0
Nick guy! His lectures are very clear, and his is very patient to answer your questions!,5.0,3.0
Had him as my prof for the first calc course of my undergrad. Note that he is a genius. He come to class with just a chalk. He can come up with examples right out of nowhere Having said this, he goes a little too fast sometimes. But the textbook is pretty helpful in tightening those areas up. The pdf can be found online quite easily.,3.0,2.0
Hard but interesting prof. very fun to talk to.,5.0,5.0
Professor New is the best prof I have had. He was very clear and makes it very easy to take good notes. He is also very helpful and sometimes stays after class for 30+mins helping students.,5.0,3.0
one of the best math prof in waterloo,4.0,2.0
He made this course very challenging, but fun at the same time. He give hard assignments and midterms, but he raise the marks at the end, and he is very helpful at office hours.,5.0,4.0
He is an excellent professor. Both clear and encouraging - it makes me want to learn more. I enjoyed his teaching style.,5.0,2.0
One of the best profs I have ever had. He is also very helpful in his office hours.,5.0,1.0
Clear, consistent, and engaged. He may seem aloof, but if you visit his office hours and actually pay attention you'll soon realize how much he is interested in the topic, and how invested he is in you doing well. Take a class with him, you won't regret it.,5.0,5.0
I ended up dropping the course for reasons not related to the prof. I actually think he is one of the better professors Waterloo has. Very knowledgable.,5.0,3.0
Made this course so hard,1.0,5.0
He is the BEST of the best lol very cute and awesome prof! I simply cant stop praising him in front of my friends! haha,5.0,1.0
Amazing prof. Really knows his stuff, and will explain you everything in deep mathematics and will leave nothing behind to be mytified about. His assignments were really hard, they were not testing your knowledge but if you love challenges. Still, A big plus if you have him for a course!,5.0,3.0
Simply Awsome...explains u so well even if u missed his lecture..love him to the core of my heart,5.0,1.0
Cleverest guy I have ever seen!!! His class is really helpful!!!,5.0,3.0
Brilliant and very witty, lectures just flew by but he does teach to a higher level, would recommend if you did AP/IB math, difficult to learn from otherwise (and always see him for the hard assignment questions),3.5,4.0
With suitable amount of humor in class ad his dedication towards lectures, New is a good prof. Nice notes and he is willing to interact with students during lectures.,5.0,2.0
Really great prof. Knows his stuff very well and makes it easy to learn. At times, he writes faster than I can keep up with but ask questions and you'll do just fine in his classes.,3.5,5.0
I love this man for what he does for the school. Too many profs these days aren't hired for teaching and it is apparent that he loves it. Knows his stuff inside and out and is super helpful if you take the time to ask.,5.0,4.0
he is such a cool guy! however, the speed is a bit fast. though the assignment is a bot hard. i can handle that. he is a prof who emphasis self-studying, but you ask some questions, he can sacrifice his spare time for helping! one more thing, never buying the textbook oexcept you can cathch up with him,5.0,4.0
Yeah great prof also runs putnam sessions one thing though I've noticed that his assigments and classes are sometimes too problem solving based that I forget about the theory. Does curve his tests ridiculously,5.0,4.0
Very smart man. If you take a course that he is the only prof, he will make the content impossibly difficult. His assignments are not "do you understand the concept", it will be "can you guess what messed up math fetish I will be putting on your assignment?",5.0,5.0
Awesome prof. ; will bombard you will a lot of interesting content in this course ; exam and midterm are very difficult,5.0,4.0
This man is a genius. There is no doubt in my mind of this fact. That is the first thing you will take from his teaching. Secondly, he's a really good prof if you ask him for help... but only that. All I can say is, expect everything, and expect to be challenged. Unless you're a genius too.,4.5,4.0
Best prof i have met ever!,4.5,2.0
He's brilliant! If you can stay awake in his class, you'll be enthralled by his teaching!,3.5,3.0
he is so so so amazing. LOVE HIM a lot. haha.best prof ever,5.0,4.0
He is a great prof. He has extensive knowledge about the course materials. He is also very accessible. I went to ask him questions every week. Great Prof!! Sometimes he writes really fast though.,4.5,1.0
Love him! Dont skip his class, he has very useful notes, if you go to class you dunt even need to buy a textbook. He explains ur questions CRYSTAL CLEAR! and he tries to figure out if u really understand it or not! very very helpful!!!,5.0,4.0
Most amazing professor ever. En captivated me every moment of his teaching.,4.0,4.0
Excellent prof. Really knows his stuff; gives great examples and straight-forward explanations. Plus, the best artist I've ever seen in math courses. Damn, his 3D graphs are amazing! They are like computer generated and he draws them so easily without much erasing!!! LOL, anyways, I highly recommend his classes.,5.0,4.0
Extremely helpful and clear,5.0,3.0
When he says three he makes my day. By far the most dedicated professor I have seen in my entire undergraduate career! Everyone should take his class. He is smarter than anyone I have seen but he doesn't make a big deal out of it. He made me love math.,5.0,5.0
awsome teacher! :P,5.0,1.0
a very smart prof who knows his stuff and teaches really well,5.0,3.0
can't ask for more, he is soooooo nice and always helps students in or outside class. he is always the best prof!!!highly recommended!!!,5.0,4.0
Great prof, very helpful in his office hours. Really tough assignments and even harder exams, but is very generous when adjusting your marks.,5.0,5.0
This guy is freaking awesome he gives so many examples and he drew 4 dimentional stuff which definitely competes for the most intense 5 minutes of my life thus far. This dude is the bomb, go to his class!,5.0,5.0
great teacher,4.0,2.0
very nice prof!! his note is very clear and easy to understand. he helps students a lot~!,4.5,2.0
Very helpful during and outside of classroom, gives lots of clear explanations and repeats things when necessary. what strikes me is, how is a human being so impossibly patient?? it's like the man is in zen mode when he's teaching! every question, every comment, every remark, he doesn't get lazy, and he writes it down or answers the question fully,1.0,4.0
Great prof, good sense of humour. Easy to understand and doesn't mind re-explaining. Very helpful,4.0,4.0
He's the best math prof for first year that you'll find in waterloo. Go to anyone else's class to prove it to yourself. Tons of examples, tons of extra help time, he even shows up to the tutorials when he can and gives extra explanations. He'll tell you what you misunderstood before you finish pointing out your problem. A true genius.,5.0,2.0
took 128 with him too. The best prof at UW. Study from assignments and go see him extra time b/c he will explain to u so in depth. He can tell what u might've midunderstood/not have known before u even finished asking the questions. Redo the assignments/understand how to, for tests/exams and u guarantee over 90,5.0,3.0
Tough prof, but very helpful,4.0,5.0
He's good at teaching, but the way he teaches is terrible (he has flexibility in teaching this course). He is making Math Logic very mechanical, and not very theoretical. On midterm we had a billion questions that were just mechanical with enough time to complete all ONLY if you do without thinking too much. Make math logic theoretical damnit!!,1.0,2.0
Far and beyond, the best first year professor that I've had. Probably the best "teacher" I've had in all my years of schooling. Try to get in his class (unless Dunbar also teaches it, in which case, either is good). He's funny even though he doesn't try to be. I think I had a mancrush on him. He is a bit hard as a course coordinator though.,5.0,4.0
Simply the best,5.0,2.0
Brilliant prof. Has a wonderful format to his teaching and his delivery is perfect. (He uses no notes, everything comes from that incredible brain of his). Sometimes he explains things in harder terms than the original explaination, which is troubling to some because then they don't get what they initially got, but its just him being trying to help,4.5,3.0
Awesome Prof. =D,5.0,3.0
absolutely amazing prof.. by far my favourite as of yet at UW. extremely smart and i love how he teaches straight from his head with no notes at all in front of him... talk about knowing what youre doing.,5.0,4.0
this guy is an absolute genious. He knows his stuff and he can communicate it..If your taking a math course..def try and get into his class..The material is tough but he explains it really well and u dnt mind lookin at him cuz he does have the cute factor..,5.0,2.0
Stephen is a terrific professor. He teaches a bit of theory and gives a ridiculously large number of examples. He is super funny too even though he doesn't mean to be hahaha. Assignments are fair, and so are midterms and exams.,4.5,3.0
If you know how to appreciate abstract art, you'll know how to appreciate linear algebra... Cuz what u learn in his class is rather abstract... which is so much more fun to do rather than just plugging in numbers... and when you are stuck, he'd show you a way to think about it in a different way... but it's u who figures out the ans. He rocks!!!,4.5,2.0
Excellent prof. Knows his material cold, doesn't waste time, effectively explains the material, and brilliant. Sometimes unintentionally amusing, othertimes intentionally hilarious.,5.0,3.0
A nice prof and was helpful all the time outside of classes,5.0,2.0
the man is dangerous in the head, stunning writing/drawing on the board, very smart, definitely knows what he is doing.,5.0,3.0
Prety well organized! Clear presentation! Logical organization and appropriate examples! A handsome guy and a respectable professor!,5.0,3.0
He walks in class with no course notes whatsoever, but he knows his stuff so well that he doesn't need them. This guy is a genius! He knows his stuff, knows how to teach, and makes the material interesting at the same time. Well done!,4.5,3.0
The bottom line is he knows his and stuff and he knows how to teach it. The material is relatively hard and he tends to do alot of examples and explain it really well.,5.0,3.0
"This integral is difficult to find, therefore im stuck. Ok ppl lets change the question to "TRY TO find the integral". Now thats hilarious lol,5.0,4.0
Hes good, funny, handsome recommendable!:D,5.0,1.0
In a word: Excellent Do not take his courses if you want easy material. Even the impossible (4 calcs in 2 terms) is within his teaching prowess because he KNOWS the material. Irrepressibly hilarious. He doesn't try to be funny, it just happens. When it does, it's gold.,5.0,3.0
he is a good teacher,5.0,3.0
very good prof,4.5,2.0
I attended class for the sole purpose of hearing him say the words: tricks, three and integrable. His approach to all solutions: draw a picture, say some words, plot some points =). best line ever: (to class for no apparent reason): i'm not a particularly clever person, you're all smarter than me!,5.0,4.0
"You know what? I am gonna change the question." HAHAHA,5.0,3.0
Great prof. One of the best I've had. Very well organized and clear in his explanations. Addresses student problems well. Likes to show different methods of solving problems like drawing pictures.,5.0,3.0
This is one of the best profs in Waterloo.,5.0,2.0
I took the Software Engineering version of MATH 138 and it was fast and furious. Maybe if you like it that way... Otherwise, ouch.,3.5,5.0
An awesome prof and an awesome course; explains everything clearly and extremely helpful. Also although he knows his stuff inside out he's still very humble. The tests and finals are practically all computations.,5.0,2.0
A+++, will buy again. Although I got my lowest mark ever in his class, i still beleive he was a better teacher than many ive seen. Hard sometimes though, expecting a bit more from you. But overall dont miss his classes and try to enjoy them....,5.0,4.0
make abstract materials interesting. Knows everything and very nice and very helpful.,5.0,2.0
ok, but not great. Exams are too long.,3.0,4.0
This man is an awesome prof! It helped that he was teaching a really interesting subject (group theory), but I think I would have enjoyed his classes regardless of what he was teaching. Gives fair tests and exams and helpful assignments. Always ready to h,5.0,2.0
overall: good,5.0,3.0
The best teacher i have ever had. He explains everything clearly and never refuses to help you. He is very friendly and sometimes funny. His midterms and finals are hard though.,5.0,3.0
Hard course, but great prof. Entertaining and excellent explanations.,4.5,4.0
He says to software engineering class: "I'm not a particularly clever person, you're all smarter than me. I just know a lot of calculus."...He does know a SHYTELOAD of calculus and he's very humble, which makes him the king and a champion.,5.0,3.0
The best prof this semester...glad to have him for MATH 138 as well. Great sense of humour, and will never refuse you help. Also, I've never seen him use a single not even though there's so much material. Only problem is the difficulty of assignments.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
u own guy!!! u run the show here at UW.... u own this place!,5.0,2.0
He's an amazing prof and he does the job of teaching the special extended 137 well, but his midterm's were a pain in the ass,5.0,3.0
Absolutely amazing and helpful. Students from other sections would attend his early morning lectures instead since they were so good.,5.0,3.0
Covers material very quickly. Teaches and writes really fast. Quasi-hard tests and assignments. Likes to explain everything with a picture or graph of some sort, which usually helps. Just ask for help when you need it.,4.5,2.0
He's an amazing prof, but the material is covered way too fast and the material is a lot harder than other Math 137 sections, exam was a ****,5.0,5.0
Smart, extremely kind, and helpful. Never remember getting a "don't know" answer from him. The lessons go quite fast, but you got to admire his ability to manage the vast amount of material w/o looking at any notes. He's absolutely amazing!!,5.0,3.0
awesome prof,5.0,2.0
Knows his stuff. And will definitely answer your questions if you ask in office hours... and outside... HOTTIE!!!,4.5,3.0
He didn't make it a bird course, but he was still a great teacher. Knew his stuff, was helpful during his office hours, and had a dry wit sense of humour about him.,4.5,3.0
Taught the entire course, including all the proofs, from memory without ever having notes in his hands. Writes on the board very fast, which sometimes make it difficult to keep up. Also makes the occasional mistake, but that's understandable.,4.5,3.0
Ridiculously kind and helpful! Our section seemed a bit harder than the other section, but we still had time to do interesting extra topics.,4.5,3.0
Me must have really improved, judging by others' comments. For me, AVOID. Worst prof I've ever had in my 42 university courses!,1.0,5.0
This guy is absolutely amazing. He teaches vry well and is able to teach his students very well too. The topics he teaches are at times difficult but he has the knack for making you understand. Absolute best.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
EXCELLENT TEACHER. Very helpful, clear, and KNOWS WHAT HE'S TALKING ABOUT.,4.5,3.0
He's a very good prof. Wether its calc. or algebra, he explains it really well.,5.0,3.0
Brilliant professor. Never brings notes to class, just writes notes on board from memory. Pay attention to how he says 3 :),5.0,1.0
I think the class *gasped* the one time he had to take out a cue-card to check his answer on the board. Amazing guy. :),5.0,2.0
Awesome teacher... that says it all..,5.0,2.0
This guy can teach a monkey how to do algebra and calculus at the same time,5.0,2.0
The smartest man alive. No joke. Excellent prof. Eye candy.,4.5,2.0
Excellent Teacher~~!,5.0,1.0
Awesome prof! Understandable, very clear, makes everything easy.,4.5,2.0
Pretty decent prof!! Can learn the course off his notes!,4.0,2.0
He is really professional, love his lecture,5.0,2.0
still miss him a lot after one year... lots of examples and very cristally clear,5.0,3.0
Never uses/needs notes. Very smart and easy to understand.,4.5,3.0
Without doubt, the best bloke on camp!,5.0,2.0
Good prof --- typical mathie!,4.5,2.0
What a great prof! Wish they were all like him!,5.0,2.0
good prof, but can be boring at times,4.0,3.0
Excellent teacher, teaches with passion, but compliocates things too much,4.0,1.0
I swear - he's a robot - the man gives lectures without ever using notes,5.0,3.0
Very smart - - and a great guy!,5.0,2.0
he's such a cutie pie,5.0,1.0
"This is a useless example but I'm showing you anyways" - a great prof for sure,4.0,2.0
Can spit out lectures without using any notes,4.5,1.0
He calculates matrices just like MATCAD.,5.0,1.0
GODO PROF !!~,5.0,3.0
Great prof! Very Clear! He gives you a LOT of examples so you'd understand!,4.5,3.0
Excellent prof! One of the smartest and nicest guys around.,5.0,3.0
He knows math.,5.0,4.0
Best math teacher I have had. Makes calculus easy to understand!,5.0,2.0
Makes you wait for assignments,4.5,2.0
Simply the best prof I've met,5.0,4.0
He sounds like Tom Green. And looks a little like him when he has a goatee.,4.0,3.0
teaches a sexy enriched version of algebra,5.0,2.0
Excellent teacher, always kept my attention,4.5,3.0
i wasn't even in his class and i loved every minute of it!,5.0,2.0
tharRrRree,5.0,2.0
I sat in on his class b/c of my amazement at his teaching ability. wow.,4.0,3.0
He knows everything from his brain.,5.0,3.0
Very cool prof...,5.0,1.0
We have come to affectionately know him as "The Voice" - Great prof!,5.0,4.0
went to his 8:30 a.m. class just to see him; most excellent & sexiest prof ever!,5.0,5.0
Difficult assignments, but an excellent teacher of the course material.,5.0,3.0
Unprepared for lectures, extremly slow with too many pointless examples.,1.5,5.0
smartest, most helpful instructor I have had,5.0,2.0
Very helpful prof, and he knows what he is doing,4.5,3.0
Smartest most helpful teacher!,4.5,2.0
An awsome teacher. The smartest ever! He really wants students to learn stuff.,5.0,4.0
good prof., interesting lectures, can apply anything to geometry,3.5,4.0
this guy is the walking textbook...damn good,4.0,4.0
easy to understand, very helpful,5.0,2.0
writes assignments that are way to long and hard. But he's a great teacher.,5.0,5.0
Steve's a super guy....,4.5,2.0
Great teacher! Clear, concise, unboring, and writes the best assignments ever!,5.0,3.0
Proofs from the text book = proofs out of his shirt pocket, explains well,5.0,2.0
Great Prof. Good examples and great explanations. Very fast though,5.0,2.0
Who else can be sexier than New??,5.0,3.0
He's in another vector space for sure!,2.5,4.0
Good notes, good examples, great teacher.,5.0,3.0
Teaches well, dislike course.,5.0,5.0
He was funny and really helpful. Really understood the first year struggle,5.0,2.0
Carey has really opened my eyes to chemistry. Not only is he a great professor but he raised a wonderful son. The best thing about his lectures are the hilarious punny chem jokes he makes throughout lectures. Great guy.,5.0,1.0
Lectures are clear. He always come to the tutorials before tests. give good feedback.,4.0,3.0
I learned a lot about the very roots of chemistry in this course. We were able to derive and understand lots of the basic equations that we were given in general chemistry. I loved this course. Dr. Bissonnette was very knowledgeable and approachable, though lectures were slow. Time given for quizzes, and the final was not enough for me.,4.0,4.0
He goes by the lecture material too slow and he goes off track almost every class. The midterm and quizzes were a disaster in which he tries to make up for the low class average by adding additional assignments to boost your grade. Not enough time to finish exam and also expects you to derive almost everything even though it's a chemistry course.,2.0,4.0
Bissonnette is definitely very knowledgeable on the subject of chemistry. When he describes a concept, he goes into great depth about it, to the point where the relevancy becomes questionable - although, it is very interesting and helpful. He is a tad bit hard to follow at times, but he is undoubtedly a really good prof and chemist.,4.5,2.0
He speaks very choppily, sometimes hard to follow and listen to for long lectures.,2.5,3.0
he is the boringest prof i have ever had,1.0,5.0
He's really boring. Very slow too, talks about like 3 pages per lecture. Then rushes at the end where the tested material is located. Not the greatest in organization,1.5,5.0
He puts lecture videos online and give bonus questions on tests. I think he is not a born lecturer, but I think he has done everything he could to be a great prof.,5.0,2.0
Cares about you, speak to him for guidance...,5.0,1.0
He's a good prof. he explains things slowly and clearly so that you really get it. Sure, he goes slow through the material, but this isnt always a bad thing. Chem 120123 are not hard courses, but I highly recommend keeping up with material and doing textbook questions regularly. believe me, dont screw yourself over. chem is just practise.,3.5,3.0
The podcasts are a little underwhelming - he doesn't quite explain the material that well. He does NOT respond to emails and can be quite unhelpful during office hours. I would recommend taking the campus version (CHEM 212) in the winter instead. The assignments are fair, but he takes forever to mark them - I actually still don't know what I got.,1.5,3.0
Doesn't always seem overly interested,4.5,2.0
works through the course notes at a very very slow pace... he can go on about one small subject for over 20 minutes easily. it's way too easy to fall asleep in his class, but he seems like a nice guy. hated the clicker requirement in lectures, but he posted lecture videos. he is also open to answering questions after lectures.,3.5,3.0
goes over what you need to know, however he teaches slowly and screws you for the lab. overall a pretty good professor,4.5,2.0
Bissonnette is a fatherly figure who will make sure you understand everything before moving on. While it's true that he goes very slowly (hence screwing you for 123L), he's the best first-year Chem prof you could get. He's entertaining, knows his stuff, and will give you very helpful midterm/exam hints. Focus on the concepts and you'll do well.,5.0,2.0
He goes slow, which is good for the most part but sometimes it can drive you crazy. He does explain things quite well and of course there is the bonus fact that he puts his lectures online. He's a pretty great prof...chose to have an 8:30 classes two terms in a row because he was teaching at that time. Can be entertaining at times also.,4.0,2.0
Very slow and clear, kinda boring,3.5,3.0
Great professor. He is always willing to give students help and he is very approachable.,4.5,3.0
He moves very slowly through the material. He also doesn't give nearly enough time for students to completes tests/exams. He doesn't realize that it's pointless to make us crunch lots and lots of numbers with a calculator on an exam. It'll only frustrate the students and it doesn't show whether we understand the concepts.,3.0,3.0
he is an excellent professor. extremely knowledgeable and passionate. However, he teaches teaches at an unbearably slow pace. Not only is his section at least a module and a half behind everyone else, he is also behind the lab material. During lab write ups i find myself cursing his name!,4.5,1.0
Good professor, easy to approach. Make friends with him early in your undergrad; he will help you out later in the end!,3.0,2.0
Amazing prof. Cares about his students and will often show up to lecture early to have the chance to talk to you about how your day is and what not. Explains the material real well and his concept questions really help!,5.0,2.0
Bissonnette is by far the best chem prof. Legitimately cares for his students, and there are so many opportunities to earn marks. Concept questions reinforced materials we just learned. Posts lots of practice, and gives fair warning about the exam. Its pretty easy to get 90+ in this course if you get off your butt and put some effort in.,4.5,1.0
Very good professor, cares about his students. Very recommended!,5.0,1.0
So dedicated to helping students, I highly recommend this professor. One of the best - if not the best. CHEM 120 and CHEM 123,5.0,2.0
One of the best Prof's I had in my first year! He is a dedicated, sincere, and fair Professor. I feel like I can handle Chemistry of all sorts after my experiences in first year Chemistry. RECOMMENDED!,4.5,1.0
Best prof ever, take 120 and 123 with him! I regret not having him for 123. He is very helpful, gets to the point and doesn't go on talking about rubbish like some other profs. Always gives the best fatherly like advice! Overall, amazing prof and great course.,5.0,2.0
Good prof, easy to understand and always there to help if you ask for it. The course notes are a must.. they're super helpful for both class and studying for exams.. recommend getting those as well as going to class for sure!,4.5,3.0
His teaching style is very relaxed while at the same time he spends a lot of time trying to make everyone in the class understand. He uses premade course notes which is awesome and his use of technology in class helps his lectures immensely.,5.0,2.0
He emphasizes weird words when he talks, and his lectures get boring really quickly! I liked chemistry before I attended his lectures. I ended up going to lectures. He doesn't make it as clear as the other professors, and it's hard to figure out what you NEED to know for exams/midterms.,2.0,4.0
Explains things really well, but his lectures can get dry and boring real quick.,4.5,2.0
The course notes for this course were very helpful. Lectures could get quite dry, but that was mostly due to material rather than the prof. Really nice guy.,5.0,2.0
I wish a was an art student so i wouldn't have to sleep in his lectures. He is the master of saying stuff without saying anything. My telemarketer boss would be jealous.,2.0,1.0
He is very monotone and is a little bit boring. Midterms were fair, but should focus a little more on the theory. Get into Professor Marta's class if you can. Good looking and expressive.,3.0,3.0
What a great prof. He got his phD from Cambridge University, so you don't get much smarter than that. He follows his course notes exactly, which is super helpful. He's approachable, reasonable, and just all around an entertaining and enthusiastic lecturer. Enjoy his classes, you won't get a much better prof than this.,5.0,2.0
Chem was never my favourite subject in high school, nor in university, until I started attending Bissonette's lectures. He is so interesting and the course notes are great. I never skip my chem lectures, I look forward to going to them too much!!,5.0,4.0
I had him for both 120 and 123. He is one of the best chem profs, his notes are very useful and he is very clear on what you need to know. Attend his lectures.,5.0,4.0
(Y),5.0,4.0
Extremely helpful when students have difficulties in learning the material! Finds ways to accomodate to each individuals needs!,4.5,3.0
excellent prof. Like his lectures soooooo much, but the test is a little bit hard. don't trust the sample test.,5.0,3.0
Great prof. Goes through everything pretty slow, especially the basics. Not necessarily a bad thing, since for chem, you need to know the basics before you can actually understand the course.,4.0,3.0
Best and nicest prof ever!! like legit. not kidding. if you attend class everyday and actually follow/listen, expect > than a B,5.0,3.0
I LOVE HIM,5.0,4.0
Great Prof. Have taken 120 with tchir and he was horrible, bissonette was the tutorial prof and he made things so much clearer! Also had 123 with him, hes a great prof, but found 123 harder. Hes a great prof, and very approachable if u need help!,5.0,3.0
He is the best chemistry professor EVER,5.0,3.0
He is a great prof and his course notes are helpful. He's very organized and knows the material, he can truly deliver a lecture. The highlight of this course was his random jokes that are so ridiculous you just got to laugh. Midterm was really easy but somehow the class average for the exam was 40% (which resulted in a bell curve).,5.0,2.0
I think he's a great professor. He's organized, and teaches concisely to help you actually understand the material. He's a serious dude, but if there's any prof that has made me crack up this term it's definitely him. Well rounded overall.,4.5,1.0
This guy treat DE students as if they are dumb. I email this dude and he never respond on time. Has a Phd and cant even tell whether a question make sense or not before posting. He is promoting his textbook so he can make money. Useless piece of crap,1.0,4.0
He's just not a smiley person, when he starts class he's serious business man. I suck at Mathcad programming and I think he can tell I'm a dumbo since he's always dropping by to see if I need any help without me asking for it, how thoughtful! His assignments are hard but he has realistic expectations. He and his tablet PC should elope together. <3,4.5,2.0
Teaches with clarity and cracks up some good ones from time to time. Also iclickers,4.5,3.0
best prof ever!!,5.0,2.0
His online lecture has really bad arrangement on topics. You can't survive without a textbook cuz he sux at presenting his BRILLIANT idea,1.5,3.0
Material can get extremely difficult to follow if you fall even the slightest bit behind. He answers questions well and really wants you to succeed in the course, although he tells you that people do and will fail if they don't keep up. Modules are great, midterm was alright if you understood the concepts. Assignments and quizzes definitely helped.,5.0,5.0
I honestly love this man. Best chem prof I've had and there's pretty much no way it gets any better than this. He deserves some sort of award. He probably already has one. He's that awesome.,5.0,1.0
Took Chem 212DE and it was a breeze. too bad for students who didn't take this Fall 08 cause it's not going to be offerred again as DE. Suffer with Professor Sonny Lee ^_^,5.0,1.0
MAKE SURE U GET BISSONETTE......HE IS THE ONLY CHEM PROF THAT KNOWS HOW TO TEACH!!!!,5.0,2.0
He has awesome notes. I'm not in his class but I use his notes.,4.5,3.0
Just listen in class and you be alright, the midterm was too hard (or maybe i didnt do enough questions), often fell asleep in this class,4.0,4.0
GREAT,5.0,1.0
he's a nice guy, can be a jerk. the course itself sucks.,3.5,5.0
The best prof for first year chemistry, hands down.,5.0,3.0
Bissonnette is awesome, course is not...,5.0,3.0
AMAZING PROF. His modules are SO helpful and he makes sure that you understand what is going on in the lecture.,5.0,1.0
Excellent teacher. His modules are so helpful. Everything you need to know is in there. Go to his lectures. you'll enjoy yourself, and get a good grade.,5.0,3.0
Awesome notes, clear lectures, makes it easy to do well despite course content not being easy. Attend lectures, use I-clicker, and do online assignments and exams will be a breeze.,4.5,3.0
Best prof in science on campus hands down. Had him for 120/123, best classes ever. Don't need to do any work cause his lectures are all you need, you can just do assignments off that and own tests then. Material isn't really easy, but he makes it easy. Don't need book, he's the man, his style of notes are the best.,5.0,2.0
DO WHATEVER YOU CAN TO GET INTO HIS CHEM CLASSES! I never realized it until I had other profs, but HE IS THE BEST PROF you will EVER have. Attend his lectures and you will do fine. Very clear, very helpful, very good notes, very good lecturer, even though I hate Chem he made it better than I thought it could be. Definitely the best prof in Science,5.0,3.0
Wow, such a great prof. Amazing notes, great use of iClicker, easy to learn from.,5.0,2.0
Very clear, has extraordanary online notes.,5.0,2.0
Good prof, excellent online notes, easy to follow but does not like to repeat himself/offer additional explanation. Overall, excellent class.,4.0,4.0
Wow. He was my only prof so far for whom the ENTIRE CLASS broke into applause at the end of the term; it says a lot about how amazing he is. Chem wasn't on my list of fav courses, but he made it so interesting and his lectures were always so much fun to attend. His clarity, care for his students and sense of humour make him my favourite prof.,5.0,3.0
Seriously, no joke, this man single handedly justifies my decision to go into Nanotechnology Engineering. He's the best. He's been able to answer all the questions I've had since high school and the ones I've developed here. I'm going to try to take any classes he's teaching as electives. "I expect you to know..." that Bissonnette's the best!,5.0,3.0
He is the best prof ever.,5.0,1.0
Had him for 120/123. Amazing prof one of UW's best no doubt. All I did was go to lectures and do assignments and didn't need like any studying and aced tests. He keeps you awake and explains stuff really well, and his notes are amazing.,5.0,1.0
Carey Bissonnette is the truth. This man is the future of chemistry and hands down the best prof at UW! Go Carey!,4.5,4.0
COLLLLLLLLLL,5.0,2.0
This man is gangster. Saved my ass soo many times. He posted whatever he taught in class on the website, so whenever i didnt go to class, its not like i missed anything. SAVED MY ASS EVERY EXAM WITH HIS ONLINE NOTES!,5.0,2.0
He wants you to do well. A great Prof.,4.5,4.0
rly amazing prof, love the way he teaches and cares about his students. I rediscovered chemistry in his class.....He also has this side of dark humor, which is pretty funny :D:D I think he knows he's rly smart which makes him look kinda full of himself, but when you talk to him, he's so down to earth and really nice.,5.0,3.0
Amazing proff!! Really makes sure you understand the concepts in chemistry and is always willing to help out. Really cares about his class. Awesome guy too!,5.0,3.0
He's an awesome prof. I highly recommend attending his lectures.,5.0,3.0
An amazing professor. Very helpful and undrestanding. His exams are easy and hos notes are very organized,5.0,2.0
BEST PROF EVERR!!! I will never have a prof as good as bissonnette!!!,5.0,1.0
Very clear. Wonderful notes. Didn't rush anything, but not too slow. Only bad thing I can say is that he always seemed very angry at something and he seems unapproachable, however I never tried and I bet he's acutally really nice if you did.,4.5,2.0
Awesome prof. Entertaining, funny, SMART, knows his stuff VERY well. Attend class for excellent, concise, clear notes. Helpful prof. Fair exams...if you learn the material and listen to him, an "A" shouldn't be hard.,5.0,3.0
Very clear and helpful professor. Amazing notes. You should go to class. It's a very easy chemistry course if you have taken it in grade 12. It's basically Grade 12 Chem and a little bit more. Midterms are easy.,5.0,1.0
understands the material extremely well. very smooth and clear teaching.,5.0,2.0
GREATEST PROF! Keep chem class not AS boring, he was excellent at keeping things organized and explained concepts really well! sooo glad to have him!,5.0,3.0
I like going to chemstry,4.5,3.0
Great teaching method. If you ever have questions, he is always there to help. If you are checking out your new proffs on here, consider yourself lucky to have him as a proff.,5.0,2.0
This guy is a good prof. He explains material very well and prepares you well for tests. Very approachable and I've even had a pitcher with him at bomber.,5.0,3.0
he's awesome!!!!!!!!,4.0,3.0
Professor Carey Bissonnette/is the one you should wish to get/ He's a down to earth guy. He lets you call him by his first name, and breaks down the course material like acid. A top five prof at the Loo.,5.0,2.0
Emailed him once but no response.,1.5,3.0
Dyed his hair orange because he lost a bet to his hockey team..that was the highlight of the semester...overall he is a great prof, some mumbling at times but notes were great... he was the only prof to hold a review session before final as well,4.5,2.0
He was one of the best profs i've ever had..made chem class actually fun! Its a shame that i'm not majoring in chem..b/c i'm missing out on a great prof,5.0,3.0
EXCELLENT PROF A++++++,5.0,3.0
Very good notes. Ez midterm. Tough Final. Know your theory inside out for the final. Clear cut communication of material and very knowledgeable.,5.0,3.0
Amazing prof! His notes are very COMPREHENSIVE, and HELPFUL. He makes every thing very CLEAR, explains every thing in GREAT detail!! ps. he's got a new look with his ORANGE hairs(well not really orange--sorta blond),4.5,3.0
He makes sure u can hear him. Good notes and even fills in the notes for u if he posts em up late. Interesting class enough to keep me awake unlike biology.,4.5,2.0
Best 1st year prof I had. So glad I got him for both chem 120 and 123. He's very knowledgable and his notes are the best. He really knows what he's doing and prepares you well for the midterm and final. He's nice, funny, loves chem and hockey, dedicated and fair. Can't say enough about him. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. Looks great with orange hair ;),5.0,3.0
always well prepared, very knowledgable in his field. Overall, he is what every prof should be like. the course is not easy though!,4.0,3.0
Great prof. Funny, and enthusiastic. Definitely very knowledgeable about chemistry. Well-prepared for his lectures. Fair midterms and final. Quizzes help to prepare you for those. Certainly a good prof. I had him back in '04 for chem 120, hope to have him again sometime.,4.5,2.0
i have to give him one thing, he's funny,3.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Excellent Chemistry prof,5.0,3.0
Prof has a good personality and is a pretty good lecturer. Provides skeleton notes which are filled in during lectures - useful. Material is horribly simple if you took gr12 chem.,3.0,1.0
,5.0,2.0
AMAZIN teacher eva!!..His notes are very comprehensive and sooo much easier than readin the book!!!,4.5,2.0
One of the best Chem Profs at UW. He has the best notes out of all the Chem Profs I've had so far. Lectures exceptionally well.,5.0,2.0
Very good prof-he's clear and explains things exceptionally well. You hardly need to refer the textbook b/c he explains it all! Would definitely recommend switching into his section,5.0,3.0
not bad, he certanly made the class more interesting. a smile wouldn't kill him :),4.0,2.0
He Rocks My Boat,4.5,2.0
Great notes, great teacher. keeps things simple, straight forward. Gives relevant examples and is not boring.,5.0,1.0
best prof EVER,5.0,1.0
amazing proff, I really enjoyed the lectures because he explains material very clearly. He also knows his material so dont waste his time talking about garbage. He should smile once in a while....I think he needs to! but over all a great proff.,5.0,2.0
Prof. Bissonnette is certainly one of the best profs in U of W in every way. You won't appreciate the way he teaches until you go to other universities both in Ontario and overseas. If you can get him as your prof DO NOT hesitate.,5.0,2.0
Bissonnette is AWESOME! One of the best profs UW has to offer. He is clear, and explains lectures very well. Although lectures can be boring sometimes, this guy will keep you awake!,5.0,3.0
This has so far been one of the most concrete profs i've had at uw, he's always prepared and makes his lectures sweet and simple,4.5,3.0
Didn't even have to study much for final cuz he explained everything so nicely.,5.0,3.0
He is a really good lecturer,5.0,1.0
No Comments,3.5,2.0
great prof, explains everything very well and has awesome notes..tests arent too bad!,4.0,3.0
Don't fret if you have someone else for 120 but make SURE you have him for 123. His section was always packed. He made that course very simple and as long as you know his notes and study you'll do great in it.,5.0,3.0
notes r excellent... but he stutters a bit more than ur average prof; is very fake, arrogant and gives corny jokes.,3.5,3.0
I think that he is very fake and that is why it is easy to get people to like him. Most of the time he does not even seem to really want to be there. If you disagree, then he fooled you too I bet.,1.0,5.0
Good lecturer, notes are well-organized and easy to understand. Very helpful at pre-exam sessions. Made chemistry seem like the easiest subject during my first year.,4.5,2.0
WOW, hard tests and Final.,3.5,5.0
HE'S THE MAN! His examples are PERFECT for studying for the midterms and final. If you have him, DON'T BUY THE TEXTBOOK!!!! His notes are enough (b/c he's the course coordinator!). REARRANGE YOUR SCHEDULE TO GET HIM!!!,5.0,2.0
He's so hot and dreamy.,4.5,3.0
I've had Bissonnette for four chemistry classes and I've found him to be an excellent prof. However, in terms of an undergrad advisor, he seems a bit stand-off-ish and hard to approach.,3.5,3.0
Awsome prof, awsome notes. Before i use to sleep in class all the time..but now..i sleep alot less, all thanks to bissonette! I like the clicker idea too.. makes u want to participate and learn in class.,5.0,3.0
If even "I" can understand chem, it only goes to show what a good prof he is...the midterm and final were the most fair exams i have ever had...make sure u understand his notes completely and chem won't be scary anymore...,4.0,2.0
Good guy that cares about his students. The course is kind of tough but if you need help he's always there.,4.5,4.0
Prof. Bissonette's notes were exceedingly helpful. You need hardly to rely on the text if you keep up with notes. Unfortunately, he's not terribly sociable or excessively polite when being asked to rearrange midterm dates. So ask at your own peril. Nonetheless, an interesting professor.,4.0,3.0
A really good prof! I understood chem so much better! Make sure and get into his section!,5.0,1.0
Prof Bissonnette jusrt seems to teach in such a way that I can really get what he's talking about, thanks Professor Bissonnette, it made chem easier and more fun for me :),4.5,3.0
Very good teacher. I don't understand all the fuss over his physical appearance though. :P,4.5,4.0
Definitely the best chem prof at waterloo. his constant drinking jokes are legendary.,4.5,2.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
he's a pretty good teacher..notes are good..knows what he's talking about..helfulness is good too,4.0,3.0
Excellent prof. He explains concepts very well, and his notes are great. His tests are quite fair in that the assigned problems will prepare you very well for them - no surprises. The only negative is that he's not the most approachable person, though he is willing to give help to those who seek it.,4.5,2.0
The best prof so far, awsome teacher but fairly hard. Makes chemistry rule. Take his class! Don't forget to print off the course notes.,5.0,3.0
Not a bad prof although gives you an abundance of information and theory that is not needed for the course/exams additionally he talks very fast while writing notes so its kinda tough to comprehend him while your writing as fast as you can,3.5,5.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
Pretty knowledgeable but demanding,4.5,3.0
Be prepared to learn on your own. Make sure you by the text 'cus that's the only extra help you're going to have. Great prof if you don't have any questions that need answering.,1.0,3.0
He's a great prof, explains stuff really well and really knows his stuff. But I hate the course and I do find it and him really tough. Overall from what I've heard, you want him as your chem prof though.,3.5,4.0
Work?,5.0,2.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
His notes are G.O.O.D!, classes are interesting, fun, funny, funky, f... Just go to his class, and u'll never regret it,4.5,2.0
he is a great prof, he explains concepts really great in class, and the time flys by cause he's funny and knows his stuff! make sure he's your prof!,4.0,2.0
Do yourself a favour and make SURE he is your prof if you have the choice. Went to some of the other lectures from other profs and they don't even compare. Bissonnette also gives you LOTS of help (and makes you less stressed) if you need it. Love him!,5.0,3.0
Good teacher but don't be fooled by the nice guy persona.,3.0,3.0
Great prof, really knows his material and his notes are great. Go to class; he's a funny guy and he gives a lot of notes (that are sometimes illegible)!!! Highly recommended,5.0,3.0
awesome teacher,5.0,3.0
I thought he was soooo hot! But besides that, an awesome teacher that gave ample examples...but if you ever needed anything from him, I would go ask someone else....,3.5,2.0
Great teacher, smart guy, but not approachable in the least. If you need extra help from him, prepare to get your head bitten off.,4.0,3.0
I've had him in CHEM121,125,212 (first year chem 1 and 2, and inorganic chem) and he's the best teacher I've ever had. Clear, understanding, hardworking, enjoyable to be taught by, etc.,5.0,3.0
HE'S THE BEST CHEM TEACHER I HAVE EVER MET!i took his lecture from 120 till now.i don't like chem b4, but i like so much now!his notes are really useful for ur test and exam!and he's a smart and handsome prof!^.^,5.0,1.0
I started coming to his lectures instead of Chieh's and i thought i was in heaven. THIS PROF IS THE GOD OF CHEMISTRY (and chieh... the devil?!)all the material i covered with bissonnette i know perfectly...,5.0,1.0
he's the best chem prof i think...he knows what he's doing...started going to his lectures instead of my own cause he's so easy to understand! his classes are always full!! that's gotta tell you something!,4.5,3.0
Great prof. Pulls out the chem humor once and awhile to keep things interesting.,5.0,2.0
hes the best man!!!! he makes chemisrty fun!!!!! :),5.0,2.0
He is such a good prof that everyone came to his class to learn. He explains things in such depth because he really wants you to "appreciate" chemistry. Helps you understand the content to the fullest extent.,5.0,4.0
Very good teacher, knows eveything and teaches it very thoroughly. His tests were fair and he supplies lots of practise problems.,5.0,3.0
An excellent prof. He knows his stuff and goes through lessons very throughly and clearly. A very fun prof, definately recommended.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
I'm going to have to echo the comment before mine and say that this is one awesome prof!,5.0,3.0
hard,2.5,1.0
awesome,5.0,2.0
his notes are excellent. once you read them..who cares about the text book. he is understandable in class as well, and really knows his stuff.,4.0,3.0
Great teacher...luv his notes and his lectures. Explains concepts amazingly well. Tests are hard.,5.0,4.0
WHOA!! here is one prof who knows what he is talking about. His classes are fun and you don't fall asleep :D which is always a good thing. His jokes are kind of lame, but you get a laugh out of them anyway. keep it up carey!,4.5,2.0
:D,5.0,3.0
He's smart AND he's funny. With the quality of his in-class notes, he could write his own textbook!!,5.0,2.0
Awesome prof! This is one of the only classes i don't find myslef falling asleep in. Explains things well, gives examples, and tells plenty of jokes. Best prof i have this term.,4.5,2.0
Who else could make chemistry even remotely interesting? exactly. Brilliant and funny. Has been known to tell the occasional sexual joke to shake up friday classes....right on Carey!,5.0,3.0
So honest, intelligent and funny. Tells you not to read the txtbk, but to understand the notes. Very cool.,4.5,2.0
Amazing, energetic prof...can't imagine bearing a 3 hr lecture with anyone but him...makes it really interesting, and livens up the class with lame jokes...,5.0,2.0
The greatest chem prof ever! Stellar use of the overheads. A little shy though.,4.5,2.0
Awesome prof, covers every course in a comprehensive way that's easy to follow. Makes a few lame jokes that liven up the class, though that's rarely a problem. (Especially at the frantic pace at which he puts up his notes),5.0,3.0
smart and makes class interesting. could use more profs like him.,5.0,2.0
Excellent lectures. Gives relevant examples, and keeps the class entertained. The polar opposite of Dr. Chieh.,5.0,2.0
Excellent Communication of topics in Inorganic Chemistry, Structure and Bonding. Emphasized the key concepts in areas of Quantum Chemistry, and importance of Consistency between Theoretical Calculations and Empirical Observations, for many applications,5.0,3.0
Great prof, very easy midterms and finals and he can actually make you stay awake in class. Why does everyone think he's shy...????,4.5,1.0
Very good Prof. Makes things easy to understand and gives good examples in class. Does seem a bit shy, but he knows his stuff.,5.0,4.0
Great prof, awesome notes, don't bother with the textbook if you have him... he's really cute with his geeky jokes... but doesnt answer questions probably b/c he's nervous in front of class,5.0,2.0
Bissonnette is the best chem prof ever! His notes are great and he explains everything. I also think he's a little shy getting in front of a big group of people cuz he always looks at the top back part of the room! so cute! :),5.0,3.0
the best prof who actually teaches things valuable for the exam, good jokes but clearly a chem geek,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
The best Prof ever, to get a good mark read the sample tests on the web,5.0,1.0
i still love chem because of him..,5.0,3.0
Very clear, very effective, all in all -- great. Highly recommended.,5.0,2.0
Alright prof, but boring. Tries to be funny. Key word: tries.,2.5,4.0
His courses are harder than the seem. One of the more pleasant profs though,4.0,3.0
Expects a lot but will help you get there,4.5,4.0
I dunno him. He's my roommate's prof, but I want in NOW!!!!!!,4.0,2.0
Bissonnett is the worlds greatest prof.,5.0,2.0
Great teacher, but when you get out of the course you have learned nothing.,5.0,2.0
Best teacher yet... The Machine , 4/5....,5.0,3.0
way better than all the chemistry profs. (he should teach spec, organic, and bio,5.0,3.0
awesome teacher!!!,5.0,3.0
An amazing and sexy prof.!!,4.5,2.0
he's sooooooooooo sweet n sexy.......,4.5,1.0
Great prof.,5.0,3.0
cute and has a sexy voice,4.0,3.0
excellent prof even though he thinks he's montel jorden the talkshow host,4.0,4.0
I wish I got 100% on his exam!,5.0,3.0
Care bear is definitely the sexiest prof ever, I also like his trike!,4.5,3.0
Excellent teacher!,5.0,2.0
he is an awesome teacher and makes things SOOOO clear!!!,5.0,2.0
He is clearly the best prof I ever had.,5.0,2.0
Good proff and when he tries to be funny he usually is unlike most proffs.,4.5,3.0
oh yeah... he is definitly cute!! :),5.0,4.0
He is the best chemistry prof I have ever had! He is helpful and inspiring.,5.0,3.0
really nice guy, sometimes sarcastic but someone who cares,5.0,4.0
He makes chem much better,4.5,3.0
The most amazing prof I've ever had! He makes Chem an enjoyable class!,5.0,3.0
"now you apply the ass backwards" hihi, that's funny :),3.0,3.0
With a prof this sexy, I'm definitely feelin' the chemistry,5.0,3.0
"you can convince yourself fairly readily" that he is an excellent professor,5.0,3.0
check your ass .... famous quotes from bissonnette,4.5,3.0
khaki and red shirt look really sexy on Friday mornings. I just love chemistry!!,5.0,4.0
Excellent Professor! I never thought of electrochem in terms of ORGIES before!!,5.0,3.0
One of the best profs that I have ever had.,5.0,3.0
One of the best professors i have had. Makes learning fun!,5.0,3.0
Marry me!!,5.0,3.0
Funny, hot, interesting, smart... yup, he's perfect,5.0,4.0
awesome professor,5.0,4.0
Great Prof, Down to Earth, Insightful, Understanding,5.0,1.0
Bissonnette is the man. Best proff I've had. He's funny too.,4.5,3.0
He is one of the few profs that cares about his class.,5.0,3.0
nice prof. fair. clear.,4.5,3.0
Great prof, clear and fair...it's Carey!!!,4.5,4.0
Best prof I've had!,4.5,4.0
Sweet n Sexy: You can feel the chemistry in the air:),5.0,1.0
He's just the best... Right,4.0,3.0
wicked prof..makes things SO clear..never ever hate chem after this...,4.5,3.0
Best chem prof I've ever had! Cynical remarks made it worth getting up for class,5.0,3.0
great instructor. very helpful. go to class!,5.0,4.0
"You can convince yourself" that he's a pretty clear and decent prof overall.,4.0,2.0
Intelligent and patient.,5.0,4.0
Hardest midterm ever,5.0,3.0
Best tush on campus, keep erasing that blackboard!!,4.0,3.0
Science Faculty Head,5.0,4.0
His in-class notes are excellent and lectures are very helpful.,4.5,3.0
A good teacher over-all but was very rude when asked help outside of class,3.0,3.0
now, THIS is a good teacher,4.5,2.0
The best science prof I've had yet!,5.0,3.0
His snide comments are rude and unencouraging.,2.5,3.0
Bissonnette's a machine, one of the best profs out there!,5.0,2.0
Old school style prof. Doesn't tolerate slackers in class, but if you get to know him he's actually very approachable, and genuinely wants you to do well.,3.5,4.0
He seems to be very hard at the beginning, quite a few people dropped the course (8 left by the final). But he is a very approachable guy, very friendly, and likes to give out hints for this very difficult assignments. Tends to push students to their limits.,4.0,4.0
Best. Prof. Ever. If you love math, you will love Prof. Jackson. Be prepared to work hard and learn A LOT of math! He can be very helpful if you are struggling, but has little tolerance for people who don't want to do the work.,4.5,4.0
no doubt the smartest and most brilliant man at uw. extremely interesting and comes up with fascinating ideas and examples. he's quite funny too. however he cant teach and if your average isnt above 85 stay out of his class or you'll fail.,3.0,5.0
This **** put one of the hardest questions on the midterm that most of section didn't cover. Way to bring our class average to 52%! Really mean spirited individual who cares about nothing.,1.0,5.0
absolutely outstanding professor. He's made me seriously consider switching majors. His ethusiasm for enumeration is contagious... One of the few terms where I feel I receieved more than my tuition's worth. Jackson or bust :D,4.5,5.0
Everything is awesome about jackson's advanced section (11 ppl now). I am rating in the middle of the term because I just dropped down the MATH 239 course. Make sure you don't overload yourself when taking his advancd section course. (I am on 6 with other adv math + TA),4.0,5.0
Being out of University for several years now, D.M. (Dungeon Master) Jackson is one of the few professors that stick out in my mind. His unorthodox humor would wake up the class in a heartbeat. He had such passion for C&O that it really got you into it.,4.0,3.0
If you dont like him you're not a mathie. Teaches to the top of the class and is damn good at it; well once you get used to his handwritting that is.,4.5,5.0
knows his stuff, very nice, but hated him as a teacher. Most student can't understand a word out of his mouth, or what he wrote on the board. terrible at answering questions in public. Says "um" in many weird ways. Hilarious, but can't teach for,2.0,5.0
Really good prof but only for really good people in Math. If you are just an average student you will be lost in his class. He deserves only the best and only the best deserve him!,4.0,5.0
Definitely one of the best profs, but it takes a lot of effort just to get through the lectures and assignments. Take his class if you like C&O and don't have CS/other math24* and don't want a life. VERY INTERESTING class though (exam too). Curve exam mar,3.0,5.0
This will probably be my best and favourite undergraduate course. He delves straight into the mathematics, no hussy fussy. Great detail, and enthusiasm. Quite challenging.,5.0,4.0
The coolest prof. I've had. The assignments are *extremely* demanding, but he's loves the material and knows it very well. If you invest time in the course, you'll learn a lot.,4.5,5.0
Jackson or bust,5.0,5.0
He teaches just to show off that he knows the stuff, but not to communicate knowledge. Mumbles, in monotone, confusing.,1.5,5.0
Good lectures. An orthodox-style prof. I like him. Rrrrright,4.5,3.0
The best professor I had.,5.0,5.0
Teaches to the top of the class, makes things seem harder than they are. boourns,2.5,5.0
In his class, we actually feel like we're at the top university in Canada.,4.5,5.0
The wheel is turning, but the gerbil is dead,1.0,5.0
Obviously knows his stuff. Only teaches to the top 10% of the students, though,2.5,5.0
his lectures are a challenge to follow, but he inspires a love for math!,5.0,4.0
Get to the first few rows or you'll get a hard time reading his writing!,2.0,4.0
"Trans-infinite induction" should not be words mentioned in a MATH 235 course,2.5,5.0
He's a good prof, he's helpful and he's brilliant but makes you feel smart too,4.0,3.0
Brilliant man!,4.0,5.0
Clean up your writing.,1.5,4.0
Expects too much from students...way over our heads,1.5,5.0
Very smart man, but can't really teach student's not at his level.,2.5,5.0
insanely difficult, but I enjoyed the challenge,4.5,5.0
Alien writing and useless banter, were entailed this man's class.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
A brilliant prof, tough but fair. His handwriting is indecipherable, though!,4.5,5.0
Ignore the comments from 235'ers. This guy's for hardcore mathies only.,4.5,5.0
a kind, superb scholar!! one of the BEST prof that i had... fine!,5.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
he tries... just too damned smart,5.0,5.0
uses a lot of advanced math terms.,3.5,4.0
In my opinion he is not good at teaching. Lecture notes are not much helpful for understanding materials. Assignment 1-4 are too hard and not helpful for the exams. Study course notes by yourself might be a good idea.,2.0,4.0
I don't think "refer to course notes" are very good solutions. He marks very hard..it seems like it's either right or its completely wrong, no such thing as in between. I see that he had good reviews a few years ago, maybe his bad attitude comes with age,1.0,5.0
Horrible HORRIBLE person! Whenever I go to him for help he makes me feel stupid and asks me if I even understand the topic. Well of course not, that's why I go for help! Makes A LOT of mistakes in class notes, he assumes everyone totally understands the course however his explanations are poor and his class notes are even worse...AVOID HIM,1.5,5.0
I really don't understand why people think this guy is hard. The course text was clear, exams were straight-forward, and the assignments were fairly easy. He teaches well, is thorough, and is an easy-going guy. I didn't think I'd enjoy the course, but I did, and ended up with a good mark. I would definitely take another course with him.,4.0,3.0
CO350 is not a very hard course. But the text which is written by Cunningham is brutal! SO as his exams! If u want easy courses. NEVER consider CO350 with him.,3.5,5.0
good explanations, but difficult exams. scared to make the exams easy resulting in brutal marking schemes,2.0,4.0
Very good and clear prof. Assignments are fair, midterm was too, although a bit long. Final was absolutely brutal, and really hard to do well on.,5.0,3.0
Clear, concise, excellent examples. He will learn your names!!!,5.0,3.0
Good lecturer, good help during office hours,,4.0,3.0
very clear, could be more energetic.,5.0,3.0
Clear, organized notes - easy to follow.,4.0,3.0
Great lecturer! Hard exam though :(,5.0,2.0
crazy chalk throwing hyper prof,3.0,3.0
One of the best math lecturers I've had. Good notes.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
made c&o easy to understand.,5.0,2.0
very clear concise notes,4.5,3.0
Prof. Bazely was accomodating, understanding and caring towards us students. Her assignments included editing ecology wikipedia pages, presentations and writing blog posts (no midterms) which made the course engaging. The lab component was well designed and interesting as well. Her lectures were engaging too. I would surely take her class again!,5.0,3.0
She is a very understanding and caring professor,5.0,3.0
Very disorganized, hypocritical (spends time lecturing students about not doing things on time when she also doesn't get things done on time), never marked any assignments, sends update tweets via twitter on when she'll get stuff done and expects students to check and brags about herself a lot.,1.0,4.0
Bazely doesn't teach. Her assigments have no relevance. Theyre there for the sake of work. Spent more time on twitter and talking about how much fun she had on her artic trip than teaching. If you bring this up she tells you to read her emails? Allegedly she created the lecture material for this course, yet I cant name 1 thing i was taught/learned,1.0,1.0
The course itself was easy enough & my TA was great, but prof Bazely is both a terrible lecturer and human. Shes never taught anything in lect, just talks about her twitter and awards fml And I witnessed her berating students who needed clarification on the wording of something bc English wasnt their 1st language The book is a better prof,1.0,2.0
I had her for a Field course and i would totally take a course of hers again. She is very passionate about what she teaches and will not hesitate to help those who need it. She gave so many useful tips when it comes to reseaching and writing reports and she genuinely cares for the wellbeing of her students.,5.0,3.0
Every lecture: late, spent 20 min getting IT to help with her computer, bragged about her achievements, & used last 10 min of class to flip through slides hurriedly & tell the class to "just read the text". Seemed sweet, but it was a facade. I personally observed her being hostile and downright spiteful to students. Andd she got a teaching award.,1.0,2.0
VERY disorganized but you gotta love her, shes so understanding. gives bares feedback and extensions, shes bad at emailing back but once you get the hold of her she'll talk until youve understood. She delays a lot of stuff, it was fun course with her but she made me anxious when she wouldnt post anything on the moodle,3.0,2.0
Dawn is the best professor I've ever had. People complain because they think plant courses are supposed to be automatically easy. BIOL 2010 is a little crazy with the multiple choice but if you can get through that, the 3000 and 4000 level courses she teaches are fantastic and much more application based. Put in the effort and you WILL see results!,5.0,2.0
By far the MOST disorganized mess of a class I've ever taken. We had way too many projects to be completed in a semester and in the end, she marked none of them. She cared more about talking abut herself and her accomplishments than teaching an actual class. She gave us all an A, but I'm not sure the insanity I went through was worth it.,1.0,2.0
can't wait to take plant ecology with her!,5.0,1.0
Prof. Bazely is so passionate about what she does! Wish the lectures were more organized! BIOL 2010 was a fair course overall. Tests were decent, lab reports are easy, lab quizzes require lots of memorization, final was... kinda a disaster... like 400 MC... STUDY A LOT FOR THE EXAM! B+ pretty easy to get, A requires some work but not impossible,4.0,2.0
Ridiculous tests (90-110 mark on a 45 min midterm, 430+ marks on the final). Spends 35/45 min talking about her trip to northern Canada and how she waters her plants. Covered 1/3 of the course material and crammed the rest in 2 weeks (still added that to the final). Simply awful.,1.0,4.0
Tests were long (90 questions),and quizes were unfair (point to a pic on a slide which is barely visible and havent seen before),also have hard markings for the lab. Dont see any positives to taking this course.,1.0,4.0
-Rambles about the most random topics for MOST of the class -Doesn't reply to emails -VERY Late at lecture uploading (uploaded slides 1.5 weeks before the exam) -Says its not an online course, yet i went to every lecture and it made no difference -Quizzes are brutal/stupid (class avg was 40% and NO bell curve) -Exam was 435 MARKS! SAVE URSELVES,1.0,4.0
She likes to talk about herself more rather than the content in the lectures but she's okay.,3.0,3.0
Disorganized prof who failed to complete the course schedule. The chapters she couldn't cover, she assigned them as readings and still included them on our exam. She would waste our time telling useless stories in class which was the reason to why we didn't cover all the course material. She talks about random things like her sweater for a long tim,1.0,5.0
This prof literally teaches NOTHING. Like the majority of the lecture she spends taking about useless unless unrelated topics. Her class notes are horrible because nothing on her notes are actually on the test. You HAVE TO READ THE ENTIRE TEXTBOOK to do good. She does bonus questions on what your TA's master/PhD topics are. HOW WOULD I KNOW THAT,1.0,5.0
If you have her, RUN. She is the worst prof I have ever had. Does not teach anything. Relies VERY HEAVILY on the textbook and expects you to memorize all the details. She is extremely hypocritical and a liar. She'll talk about how good of a prof she is and if you come to class then you'll do well and that her tests are easy. ALL LIES.,1.0,3.0
I was excited in the beginning of the course since she seemed to have an amazing, bright and energetic personality. However , as the course progressed, her perky personality made it very easy for her to wander off topic. tbh, for a 45 min class, roughly only 15-20 mins of class was actual course content. labs are doable and can be fun but tedious.,2.0,1.0
Well...I started off liking her energetic personality but as others have mentioned she is very disorganized! - which personally gives me anxiety + diminishes my motivation to put in effort for a course :/ I came to every single class prior to midterm1 and i regretted it.. This course is really textbook memorization based.,2.0,4.0
She is the worst prof I have ever encountered.,1.0,4.0
She's truly a gem. BEST PROF I'VE HAD AT YORK BY FAR. She actually cares about you. I really wanted to meet a biology prof that actually cares about you and I finally did. She's great. TAKE EVERY COURSE SHE OFFERS. YOU WON'T REGRET IT.,5.0,1.0
One of the worst professors I have had! She's a very nice person, but completely disorganized! Takes the first 20 mins out of each 50 min lecture to talk about her twitter and yet she wonders why students don't come to class- she has absolutely no self-awareness. This class isn't that hard, but it is a TON of work - avoid if you can!,1.0,4.0
The best Biology at York University, hands down. If you make the effort in her courses you will be rewarded with a great grade and even more importantly, constructive feedback. This professor will prepare you not only for the rigours of University life but also for life outside of school. If you can take courses with her in 2nd year you should.,5.0,3.0
Though some may perceive her to be a bit scatter brained and disorganized, she is truly a passionate and interesting prof. In my opinion, boring lectures are the worst, but she keeps them interesting and unique! Overall great prof.,4.5,2.0
She never shows up on time for class. Seems as if she is rushing everythng and not prepared. Often forgets what she is doing mid sentence. For a science class, there is little science involved. All of her lectures are her opinions of this and that. She gets excited about nothing and complains alot bout everything. I learned nothing. Terrible prof.,1.0,1.0
Amazing professor. Challenges her students to take accountability and improve their soft skills. Must take a class with her!,5.0,3.0
Amazing professor that is always willing to help you understand the concepts. Really understanding of plants and ecology and overall was a great experience! Made us use twitter which is fun and innovating!,5.0,2.0
She is energetic but her energy is wasted on useless things instead of teaching. She tries to do too many things at once and ends up doing nothing. You basically have to teach your self. Her tests are easy but way too long and memory based. Overall: mehhh.,4.0,1.0
In terms of teaching style, she is by far the worst prof I've ever had. Wholly disorganized. Her various rants tend to monopolize class time. Her tests, while easy, were overly long and useless. Mostly memorization based. Even still, she seems like a nice enough lady. An A is possible if you study. However,attendance isn't necessarily useful.,2.5,1.0
A great teacher and a very good looking woman.,3.5,4.0
Very smart, enthusiastic and engaging woman. Applied Plant Ecology was a blast. However, she is quite scatterbrained at times and hard to contact by e-mail. Despite this, she is still one of the best Profs I've had.,4.5,3.0
very motivated,5.0,3.0
she means well, and is a very nice and energetic lady... but maybe to energetic, and too concerned about what the students want... wastes class time, and doesn't give clear direction,2.5,2.0
Her tests are just stats and tables, the essay is a killer. Other than that, she is an ok teacher i wouldn't recommend her class if u want to keep a high average, because her class is not as she says "the most exciting class u will ever take" its rather quiet boring and the work load is very high compare to it being a 3 credit course. Good luck!,1.5,4.0
She is unorganized and spends the first 15-20 minutes of class talking about irrelevent issues. Her lectures are very basic and general so you need to read the text book. She reads off her slides. She doesn't seem to be able to teach without her slides and that is sad because they are so basic. She is not very approachable, friendly,or passionate,2.0,3.0
She's so nice!!! She totally stuck by me during hard times with my illness. She gave me unlimited extensions on assignments. A bit disorganized, but that's cuz she's so busy... She reminds me of a little squirrel who's always running around, it's so cute!!!,5.0,2.0
Great prof, material is intesting.,5.0,3.0
Highly energetic and knowledegable.She helps when you ask for it and is always on the lookout to make sure you LEARN and understand, which I think is fabulous.2050 Ecology was a blast and everything I learned from her I incorporated them in my 3rd and 4th year courses.Doing great ever since!,4.5,3.0
Absolutely awesome. I lover her style of teaching. she actually undertsnads students. Although sometimes unorganized, her lectures were always easy to understand and tests were reasonable. My favorite prof in york!,5.0,2.0
Simply irritating.,2.0,4.0
WHY CAN'T WE GET MORE PROFS LIKE HER IN THE BIO DEPT??,3.5,3.0
She didn't read all of the students essays/exams Gave marks based on whether she likes you. Go to class, kiss her butt and get an A.,2.0,1.0
she's a great prof, one of the best in the biology dept. doesnt hand back assignments on time, otherwise superb, gotta love the accent!,5.0,1.0
Her e-mail replys came weeks later and her promise to post marks was a shame. Read her leacture notes and the text. I went to 2 lectures and got an A.,2.5,4.0
Bazely is like a bad boyfriend, she can't keep promises.,3.0,2.0
Can't keep her train of thought long enough to get it across in lectures.,1.5,5.0
Big scatter brain, would lose her head if it wasn't attached, not professional,1.0,4.0
late with our marks...we may get F's on our transcripts now,3.5,2.0
very nice lady, knows her stuff, u can skip lectures, dn't bother emailin her!,4.0,2.0
An role model for any woman pursuing a carrer in science.,5.0,1.0
An extremely wonderful lecturer and an outstanding person!,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
She is the reason why I stayed in school and my inspiration to do better,5.0,1.0
Encouraging and Enthusiastic. A phenomenal lecturer and the coolest prof!,5.0,1.0
She is by far the nicest prof ANYONE can EVER experience at the University Level,5.0,2.0
drinking coffee does not stop her from wanting students to suceed,5.0,3.0
drinks WAY too much coffee, and on 10 diff planets. very cool and very helpful,3.5,2.0
very nice teacher-I can only praise to her,5.0,1.0
Worst Teacher ever. Never showed up when we had tests or assignments due.,1.0,2.0
awesome prof, she knows her stuff and she's passionate about it,5.0,3.0
She makes you comfortable! I like her!,4.5,3.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
she seems to care about her students on a personal basis,,4.0,1.0
just horrible......extremely rude......individual when approached,1.0,5.0
She doesn't care if she doesn't show up for major tests. Bad prof, simply put.,1.0,5.0
Dr. Bazely is a very helpful and kind professor.,4.5,2.0
I hate her!,1.5,5.0
When I took her class, only about 8 people ever showed up but that has more to do with the fact that it was at 8:30 AM. Good professor, cares about whether you understand material, takes questions at the end of every topic, but as a result, the syllabus can go quite slow. Technical issues follow her around. Video lectures are posted. Easy A+ class.,4.0,1.0
She starts every class with an excuse for something and follows by being unable to work through her own examples. Also loses her train of thought so often it is impossible to pay attention. TIP: Don't go to class, and watch her online lecture videos at least 1.5x speed so you don't have to sit through her trying to remember what she is teaching.,1.0,4.0
Why is she apologizing for everything? Why are the assignments (which take a LOT of time) only worth 10% of your grade? Why do her lectures make me wanna fall asleep in seconds? These are all questions you may ask yourself when you go to her class. (Also don't mess with her cmd while she's teaching, she will NOT be happy LMAO),2.0,4.0
Her lectures might be a bit heavy but have videos posted. For me, she is a great prof. to reach out after class - she replies emails pretty fast and does give detailed answers. Quizzes are fine for me (I study for this course mostly based on her PPT and some support from the textbook). Overall, she works really well with my study habits!,4.0,3.0
Lectures are always all over the place. Is very unconfident. Has difficulty using her own examples, and ends up skipping half of them. TAs for that class are awful as well. assignments always marked late, and 3/4 of my assignments were marked incorrectly (later fixed but still). Hope you guys like writing in pen :),1.0,4.0
I honestly believe someone has hurt her. She is paralyzed in fear of her students cheating and has taken multiple extra weird precautions to make sure. If you get below a certain grade, she doesn't count your assignments and instead just gives you a zero for them. The upside is she posts videos of her lectures so you can just fast forward.,2.0,3.0
Not a good prof at all.. tests never graded within a month etc. Doesnt say what material will be on following tests just a broad "understand c" etc.,1.0,4.0
Very frustrating class which was badly organized and maybe understaffed. We finished our last test and had not had only 2 marks back from the entire term which makes it hard to gauge whether or not you're studying the right way. Very strict and alienating to her students. Course material was very interesting though.,2.0,4.0
Awful prof, her teaching style is the worst. Her lectures rarely focused in on one topic and often spoke about nonsense the whole time. Her grading scheme is ridiculous and she just has a bad attitude towards students overall. Avoid at all costs,1.0,4.0
Terrible prof, always forgets to post notes and is rarely prepared for lectures. Makes many technical errors in lecture and tends to jump around between topics in a very confusing way. Not very approachable. One of the worst profs I have had here at Queen's.,1.0,3.0
I've never met a more rude woman in my life. Useless in terms of help, lectures provide absolutely nothing of value. Avoid classes with her at all costs.,1.0,3.0
I just find that she tries to be strict when there's no reason to be, which is the same with her husband. I think she can learn a lot from befriending some students.,1.0,1.0
The grading and assignments I find more than fair. Where I think she is absolutely atrocious is the way she interacts with students. Either she goes out of her way to be mean or none of her cognitive resources are allocated towards manners. Very rude, arrogant and unapproachable.,1.0,3.0
No doubt the worst prof I have ever had, she thinks she is some programming guru, her assignments take hours to do and if you make even the slightest mistake its a Zero, her tests are worth a huge amount of the grade but are only 50 minutes long (hand-written) and are just as hard of the assignments. Avoid her at all costs, she is a BRUTAL marker,1.0,5.0
Her lectures are useless, she is always late and constantly making excuses. She blames technology for every problem she has but then wont excuse a mistake from a student that was not their fault. Avoid her at all costs,1.0,2.0
Professor Lamb was quite unorganized throughout the term. She would forget to post notes, have MANY technical errors during her lectures (this caused content to be skipped - however was still tested on) and would forget to post assignments but not give us extra time on them. She does ensure she's available outside of class lots.,2.0,4.0
This class was a mess. I did not miss one lecture and still struggled. There are 2 midterms each worth 21% with only 20 marks available on them. The 5 assignments are only worth 10% . She said the assignments are mainly to prepare you for quizzes and the exam, but when you only get 1/5 back by the end of the term, that system doesn't help. Awful.,2.0,4.0
Her lectures are very clear and detailed. She explains things really well and genuinely wants her students to do well. Has a passion for computing. Sometimes she was disorganized in getting her slides and lectures posted online, making it difficult to catch up if you missed a lecture. However, she was always willing to help a student in need.,5.0,4.0
Really frustrating prof. Very slow teacher, often confuses herself, extremely disorganized. She spends more time apologizing for for her own mistakes than teaching. She means well but is stubborn to change her policies and has silly marking schemes for her class. I've had her 3 times now and I'm dreading having her for CISC260 next semester.,2.5,3.0
I had Margie every semester for my first two years - 121, 124, 220, and 260. Some may not like her at first, but she really cares about her students and you WILL leave the class knowing all of the material. One of my favourites at Queen's, too bad she doesn't teach upper year courses,4.5,2.0
Great prof in general,4.5,2.0
The professor was quite disorganized in getting our grades and assignments together. With only two weeks of the semester left, we've only received 1 assignment mark and 1 quiz mark back. The professor needs improve to delivering solid deadlines and keeping the class up to date.,2.0,3.0
Had Lamb for 121, 124, and 220. Favourite computing prof. Provided clear slides and summary sheets on topics, and taught and gave clear examples in class. Her format where she drops your lowest test and assignment is great because you can just try and do a well on the easy ones, then not even do the last ones. Also online lecture vids BLESSED.,5.0,1.0
Love the way she steps through code from the perspective of the computer, all her tests come with cheat sheets that I still use when coding today!,5.0,3.0
Professor Lamb is fantastic. She really cares about her students and is willing to go well beyond the call of duty to make sure they understand the material. Her lectures slides are clear and well organized. She works through a ton of examples during class. And she records every lecture to post online. Professor Lamb is easily one of my favourites.,5.0,2.0
I've had Lamb for CISC121, CISC220, and CISC260. She is the most genuine professor you could ask for. It is obvious how much she cares about all her students and how much time she puts into her teaching. It is a privilege to be in her classes.,5.0,2.0
At first I didn't like her.. but after attending a few lectures you can tell she really wants all her students to succeed and does everything in her power to help them do so. If you don't ace her class than it's you're own fault not hers! She's kind and genuine and gave us all sorts of resources to help us understand the material. Recommend!!!,4.5,2.0
After reading some of the comments here, she was a lot better than expected. She screwed us over sometimes with being late posting assignments but other than that I think she's cool and the course isn't hard if you attend lectures.,4.0,2.0
Horrible class! Lamb was okay but the class had no labs or tutorials. If you struggled with the assignments, you were just screwed unless you went to office hrs. Don't get sick and miss lectures! There is absolutely no way of catching up. The textbook barely covered linked lists, binary trees, regression, O(n) and the entire exam was on that stuff,2.5,5.0
One of the best profs I've had in my four years at Queen's. Extremely helpful, had office hours almost everyday of the week and puts a lot of work in preparing classes.,5.0,2.0
Had Margaret for 121, 124 and 220 as well. Really organized and will debug really quickly on assignments. Puts everything online after. Look at past quizes because thats the only thing which I found hard at first. Overall really liked her.,4.5,3.0
Awesome prof if you ask for help. Go to class, do the readings! Will debug assignments even on the day its due. Had her for 121 and 220 as well. Really well organized!,4.5,3.0
Stay away. Stay very far away from this professor. Don't even think twice about taking a class with her as professor. Her ego gets in the way of her teaching and it makes no sense why she is so proud of herself. She tangents off topic half the time and misses alot of crucial information. You have been warned.,1.0,4.0
She clearly puts forth a good effort but the tone of her voice puts me to sleep along with her convoluted teaching style. Not effective teaching for me, maybe good for others though.,3.5,4.0
Amazing Prof. Clearly puts huge amounts of time, thought, and effort into how she lectures, and it is very much appreciated. Course was fun, she was helpful, always available.,5.0,2.0
She cares about her students a very great deal, and explains concepts fairly well.,4.5,2.0
Terrible marking system. Assignments that would take 5+ hours to do were worth 5-10%. But then 50 min quizzes would be worth 20%+. This doesn't make sense. I also had a problem running Python on my Mac, but she said she couldn't help me because she didn't know anything about Macs! Shes not very helpful.,1.0,5.0
Prof Lamb was without a doubt one of the most helpful profs I've had so far. She went out of her way to help students outside of class, which was amazing. Her lectures were a bit dry, but overall, a good job.,5.0,2.0
Very helpful, responsible, and shows that she cares a lot for ther students and the course.,5.0,3.0
Pretty good prof. So good that you never have to open the book. Her slides and teachings are really good. No Faults.,5.0,2.0
Organized, PowerPoint-run classes. Occasional blackboard use is mostly mistake-free unlike some other instructors.,5.0,2.0
Professor Lamb is one of the most helpful profs I've had. She is a good teacher in class, and excels at providing aid and answering questions 24/7. E-mails are answered extremely quickly and in detail. Only downside was that she was sometimes too nice, and didn't stamp out chatting during lectures. This was a couple years ago though.,4.5,3.0
She is very nice and helpful and the notes are good to study from. The lectures can be a bit boring though and although the tests are harder the assignments are fair.,4.5,2.0
Very much a mommy. Good teaching, clear. Fair assignments, exams tough but doable. Very detailed Powerpoint notes (a little boring) but very useful. Approachable and extremely helpful outside of class.,4.5,3.0
One of the most detailed CISC course I took, the difficulty is about right,4.5,2.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Very boring prof, extremely dull and makes the courses just ten times worse than it should be.,3.0,4.0
One of the best profs in the CISC department,5.0,2.0
She's so nice! I had a huge problem with an assignment, and she let me send it to her for her to look over personally. Explains everything very well (I didn't know any Java or anything beforehand, and still did well!), and is constantly helping on WebCT!,5.0,1.0
Very nice, and great at giving help and feedback on web CT or just after class!,5.0,2.0
Great Prof!,5.0,2.0
boring prof but nice lady,5.0,2.0
Best prof ever!! :D She makes fun and interesting assignments.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Really nice teacher, should tenure her,4.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,2.0
Pretty good at explaining things.,4.5,3.0
Helpful, sweet but maybe oversimplifies things.,4.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
Great prof, course isn't her fault.,4.5,2.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
No Comments,3.0,4.0
Zima is one of the best CS professor in Waterloo despite his accent (actually not very hard to understand). He is very kind and helpful in his office hours. From his teaching, you can really see he knows algorithms well and tries to help you understand them through great examples.,5.0,4.0
His Piazza answers are useless and demeaning,1.0,4.0
The most incompetent and uncooperative prof I've ever had the displeasure of taking a course with. Assignments are constantly posted late with minimal/no adjustment to length. Even the final assessment was posted 4 days late when they had 2 full weeks with only 1 of 3 profs teaching to construct it. Assignments were sloppy+full of missing details.,1.0,4.0
Really rude to students on piazza and in office hours,1.0,4.0
Is very dismissive towards student grievances. Also comes across as rather rude in office hours. That being said, he has pretty good slides. Overall, he's a bearable prof, but be prepared to struggle more than any other term's offering,2.0,4.0
great,5.0,1.0
Bizarre professor, bizarre assignments, bizarre instruction. People seemed to like him at Laurier. Maybe he should have stayed there. The assignments are difficult and excessively tedious, even for this class, and his lecture are scattered and terrible.,1.0,5.0
Zima is one of the best professors I had at WLU. I learned a lot from his classes. Very knowledgeable and helpful professor. Replies very fast to his emails and truly cares about his students. I would take as much classes as possible with him. I totally disagree with all the negative comments students posting here about such a great professors.,5.0,4.0
Awful indeed. My high school teacher had more organized lectures than this university prof. Lectures are all of the place and his notes were useless. Overall does not look like he enjoys teaching. Very disappointing.,1.0,5.0
Absolutely terrible lectures, he was all over the place. Nothing he wrote on the board was legible. Hard to understand his accent as well. He even said at the beginning of the course that the University assigned him this course, but he didn't like teaching it. Real inspiring.,1.0,5.0
Interesting lectures,4.5,1.0
Great and funny prof. Interesting with a good sense of humor. Though really hard!,3.5,5.0
this guy has a a really heavy accent hard to understand what he is saying. He made the midterm, final and assignments INSANELY hard! And 90% of the stuff in assignments and exams was out of the textbook, not his lectures!!,2.0,5.0
Extremly high teaching ability,5.0,1.0
No Comments,3.0,5.0
hardest cs course had so far, not recommended to the ESL students couse he is russian,1.5,4.0
hard to understand at times b/c of accent and he mumbles. exam/assignments are extremely hard.,2.0,5.0
I was his grad student, he is a nice cool guy, everyone loves him. He now has moved to WLU.,4.0,3.0
This wonderful man was my prof for cs341 and cs350. His lectures are funny, but sometimes he goes on long tangents, which can create confusion. He has a heavy Russian accent ;) He is very friendly in and out of his office. He even helps students outside o,4.5,3.0
Explanations not always clear. Sometimes glosses over important details. Nice guy, though, and isn't that bad, everything considered.,3.0,3.0
assigments are very difficult as was final exam. seems to expect too much out of students. teaching is confusing at times, but he knows his stuff.,3.0,5.0
Pretty good, but he sometimes pauses mid sentence which can make things hard to follow; you get used to it though :) A bit messy with the diagrams, but it's usually because he's eager to get the idea across. Sometimes incorrect, but it's difficult materia,4.5,3.0
Crrazzzyyy class. Likes to draw diagrams on the board, which is good.. to an extent. Sometimes said incorrect things outside of class.,3.5,4.0
Likable guy, but both classes lectures have been a waste of time.,2.5,2.0
AMAZING Prof! He's crazy, but the good kinda of crazy! I hope I have another class with him as a prof again. Sooo funny!,5.0,3.0
A great guy. Absolutely hillarous Russian accent, manners, and anecdotes. Somehow he still manages to cover the material. I found the class very enjoyable, although I will surely never use symbolic computation in my life again.,5.0,3.0
He's good!,5.0,1.0
hot stuff,5.0,1.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
this guy is such a stoner and his lectures are incoherent wtf is he teaching?,2.0,3.0
Very funny! Love him! Fair test,4.5,2.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
Helpful. Looks sleepy all the time.,3.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Smart, insane, and russian. Perfect combo!,4.5,1.0
all I gotta say is, CLASSIC!,3.0,3.0
Good lectures, great help after class too. Smart guy!,4.5,2.0
A great prof! recommend going to his office hours, very helpful!,5.0,3.0
Verey good prof, nice of him to bring guest speakers in,5.0,1.0
Didn't go to lectures at all...,1.5,3.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
Love his accent,3.5,3.0
High-larious. The most deeply insane prof at UW. Ask him about RIM Blackberry.,2.5,3.0
He's kinda funny. Kinda wierd. Interesting guy. Can sometimes get boring.,2.5,2.0
Great guy, lectures bordering on completely random.,3.0,2.0
Come to his office hours and that's when you'll se why he is the best prof,5.0,1.0
Very friendly and humourous. Made the best of boring material.,3.5,2.0
The best prof I've ever had. His accent is cool!,5.0,1.0
Knows the material. Can't teach.,2.0,4.0
Somewhat not clear, but he can teach,4.0,4.0
Excellent Teacher, good work ethic, extremely clear and effective at teaching,5.0,2.0
I was in his lecture, but when to Forbes one.,1.5,3.0
Never had him myself, but all my friends left his section for Burkowski's,3.0,3.0
if he speaks more clearly, and is more organized for lectures, then good,3.0,4.0
Can't really say I learned very much in this course, but it was easy--especially if you have done proofs before in previous classes. Textbook is more useful than the prof which is kind of sad because you can tell she actually cares about her students. Just a very odd class.,1.5,1.0
What did I just learn? The course is easy, but the prof was a little up with the clouds. Half the time if she didnt have the answer on her paper she wouldn't be able to figure it out and she could rarely explain it.,2.0,1.0
Really unclear explanations, esp. for the harder material; Constantly makes mistakes in her examples; Probably better off just to read the textbook for an hour,2.0,2.0
possibly the worst prof on the face of the earth,1.0,3.0
Fine class, kind of a hippy,4.5,4.0
She always wears the same black moo-moo thingamagig.....,2.5,2.0
doesn't give any chances to take down notes, assumes everything is intuitive, copies stuff from the book and tries to pass it off as an original thought, wears psycadellic clothes that inspires the mind to sleep,,1.0,4.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
vague and not very inspiring.,2.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
never felt prof. would be .....,1.0,4.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
Head of CISC Department,3.0,4.0
Dr.Mombourquette was incredibly helpful and mad himself available numerous times to help out students that were struggling. Very good teacher, it's clear if you put in the work, you'll do very well. It's clear what they expect and how they grade. Excellent feedback if you mess up as well. 100% would take him again.,5.0,3.0
Amazing teacher! Super engaging lectures while still being informative. Would take his class again!,5.0,2.0
Prof Mombourquette is great. He clearly loves what he does and what he teaches, and he always tells great stories. His lectures are dense, but homework is relatively light and he didn't give us a midterm this year, only a final (thumbs up from me). Ask him a good question and you'll get a good answer. Enjoy your retirement professor.,5.0,3.0
Ignore all the negative reviews here mombo is great. He will sometimes go on tangents telling some pretty strange stories but it keeps the already good quality lectures entertaining. The textbook is optional, it was written by him, its free, and it covers mostly the same content as the lectures,4.0,2.0
Dr. Mombourquette is an interesting person, with a Quora account, and interesting stories. For APSC 131, he had an online textbook written by himself with videos of the content, which pretty much covers the same stuff as the lectures. Thus, it is easy to go over concepts again. Mombo himself is somewhat of an aloof person towards his students.,2.0,4.0
Weirdest stories ever. Very tangential,3.0,5.0
,1.0,2.0
Not only was half of the class expected to do an exam in person, while the other half got to do it not-proctored online (same difficulty, same amount of question), but this prof has no respect for our time, and effort that we put into his course. This prof made me regret picking Queen's after only 5 months of being here.,2.0,4.0
Compared to APSC132 I am taking now, Michael's work is very well organized and easy to understand( Also because he can explain things pretty well). Long story short, I would like to have him as my Prof in every future Chem Course.,5.0,1.0
Watch out - and be prepared to work. I had him this semester and he is just straight up rude. The email responses you get from him make you feel stupid - and are not helpful at all. You will catch yourself falling asleep in class because it is very unengaging. So happy this course is over!,1.0,3.0
Mysterious man, marks depends on your TAs,3.0,4.0
Absolute gem,5.0,2.0
The worst prof of 1st year period,1.0,5.0
Find him on quora...,5.0,5.0
He does not explain anything. Ever. Literally, the whole class told him that we didn't understand what he was talking about, and instead of clarifying his points, he said 'you'll all get it' and just moved on. Like, I don't think he gets that maybe he will need to explain what he's doing once in a while. Haven't met someone in my year who likes him,1.0,5.0
Mombo was our course coordinator this year and I was excited because I heard good things about him. I was further let down and so were my peers. When emailing him for help the replies were 9/10 times it was not useful and left us struggling. After a couple attempts at communication most of us just struggled in silence because emailing was pointless,1.0,1.0
Mombo is the best chem prof for first years! His classes are fun and interesting. If you have mombo, your chances of success are high!,5.0,3.0
Professor Mombourquette was one of the worst professors I had this semester. He never replies to emails (even after multiple attempts) and gives out labs that leave everyone confused. Since the course was online, it seemed like it was every man for themselves and there was no support provided. The class was very disorganized.,1.0,3.0
He really did want everyone to do well. He's easily accessible so don't be afraid to reach out to him (expect a quick response).,5.0,3.0
Always there for his students, he cares about them and will do everything he can to help you!!,5.0,2.0
great guy with good stories,5.0,3.0
Amazing prof. Very detailed lectures. Extremely helpful/wants his students to do good.,5.0,3.0
An absolute gem of a man,5.0,2.0
He's the goat,5.0,2.0
Found the lectures to be pretty boring and didn't feel like I was learning much. The prof never really gave enough practice problems and explained the concepts in detail. It's worth checking out the Wize prep course since it reviews the same material and they had some good practice problems.,2.0,4.0
Great lecturer, perfect pace. Very passionate and caring prof. Favourite first year class. Very doable exam if you pay attention in class and do the homework.,5.0,3.0
-,5.0,2.0
A real G, made me hate chemistry less,5.0,3.0
I really liked Dr. Mombourquette as a prof. He's genuinely very passionate about the material and that makes a big difference in capturing student's interest. He also really cares about the success of his students, and will make the effort to help you out if you reach out. Love this guy, wish I could have taken another course with him.,5.0,3.0
Easily one of the worst profs in the chemistry department at Queen's. Particularly in labs, he teaches students things that are 100% incorrect. His own research failed, he is not up to date on chemistry, and is a good example of tenure gone wrong.,1.0,1.0
CHEM 112 IS THE WORST COURSE AT QUEENS. Mombourquette seems like a nice guy but really he'd rather be anywhere than with chem 112. Be prepared to teach yourself the entire course, and make friends so you can do the lab write ups together because they arn't hard just extremely tedious and frequently unclear.,1.0,4.0
Dr. Mombourquette is a great prof. He is very clear in lecture, gives excellent explanations in the lab, and is very charismatic. Really appreciated and respect him as a prof.,5.0,3.0
Great guy, but not necessarily the best teacher. His anecdotes are great though,4.0,3.0
Really fair prof! If you work hard, you will be able to earn a good grade. He's an understanding prof; if for some reason you flaked on grades, don't take advantage of him. Talk to him honestly and he'll definitely help out if he can. Great prof!,4.0,3.0
Sometimes gets a bad rap when compared to Newstead but he is definitely the teacher to take the time to help you. Attend classes, he explains stuff and is always there for you after and during class to clarify.,4.5,3.0
Don't really understand the hate here. He took over for Newstead for half of this semester and has done a great job. Quantum chemistry is a weird and difficult subject and he manages to explain it pretty well. A bit quirky but overall a pretty great prof.,3.5,3.0
Lectures were pretty good and exam was fair,3.0,2.0
Lectures are boring and confusing, all exams look exactly like past exams.,2.0,2.0
Easy to approach. Nice. Clear speaker. Logical course notes. All around great professor. Really enjoyed his class. My one piece of advice is to sit close to the front, because he dims the lights and puts on the projector, so if it's late in the year and you're tired/stressed you might fall asleep in class.,5.0,1.0
WORST.PROF.EVER, BUT exam was an absolute joke, now i know what artsci tests are like,1.0,1.0
Prof. Mombourquette often goes off on tangents and random personal stories - once the class got too much detail into his marriage. He isn't clear in the material and doesn't give any examples of exam questions. He doesn't offer practise questions. Overall an enthusiastic but poor prof.,2.0,3.0
He taught expecting student to previously know material - so it made it more like a quick review of the subject. Found it difficult to understand many concepts due to him not fully explaining them. He leaves a lot of stuff out. Overall, he seems to enjoy teaching but unfortunately doesn't do it very well.,2.5,3.0
Dr. M is underrated, he does exactly what he's required to. He explains concepts pretty well and has good notes. At times he can be difficult to listen to though. His examinations are fair and good studying will pay off.,3.0,3.0
The worst teacher i have ever had... does not explain his material well, and he needs to learn how to use his computer BEFORE class,1.0,4.0
A very approachable and understandable teacher. His slides are to the point and he teaches with interest and enthusiasm.,4.0,2.0
WORST prof in the chemistry department!!!! Before I list his flaws as teacher, of which there are many, I will say that his notes are concise and effective. He is unable to; highlight the major themes; tie it all together; focuses almost exclusively on math and; is not available for help. Because of him 221 was a waste of time and money!,1.5,4.0
Prof. Mombourquette is a very approachable & helpful teacher. Thanks for a making chemistry understandable.,4.5,3.0
not my favourite prof this year,2.0,4.0
I think some of these ratings are a bit un-fair. I think he did a good job in teaching the course, he definitley put a lot of effort into it which is more than can be said for most profs. His exam was also really fair, if you put a little effort into it you'll do really well, his notes are really good too!,4.0,1.0
Worst professor I have ever had. So arrogant and condensending, it was unbelievable. Don't bother going to class, it didn't help one bit. He takes great delight in going on a power trip. I hear his retirement is coming up anyway ... keep your fingers crossed.,1.0,5.0
Awesome prof...he may be a bit of a geek but you know what? that does not make him a bad prof it just that he is super interested in chem. he also happens to a be a nice guy.,5.0,1.0
a real dissapointment. Notes were ok but a very bad lecturer. Emphasis on the wrong aspects and skims over harder parts. Appears very two faced as switches back and forth from fake grin plastered onto his face and the rude, sarcastic and abrasive tone taking when a student asks for help. thinks 112 students are idiots for some reason?,3.0,2.0
I enjoyed him, but a lot of others didn't. He taught the first term very well, particularly quantum and bonding material. While most 112 students hated him, he definitely taught better in 116, even sang us a song once. Second term sucked without him.,4.0,1.0
i have never had a worse teacher... has turned me off university.,1.0,5.0
Good one-on-one. Fair and reasonable, but tough-minded. Princesses find him abrasive, but I never did. Less clear in class than first term professor, Bill Newstead. Spends too much time trying to live up to that.,4.0,5.0
ugh. there. that about sums chem class up in one word. last semester, with newstead, it was my favourite course. i love chemisty but i cannot stand mombourquette's teaching. i know that he puts a lot of effort in, but his lectures are so boring, and the new "pilot project" for quizzes sucks. no one likes the new system. we liked going to tutorials!,1.0,3.0
he's a wonderful prof. if you didn't understand something he was always willing to help. his stories were the best, too bad 112 kids don't appreciate him.,4.5,2.0
Great professor! I have no idea why everyone seems to hate this guy (Is it fashionable to hate him?). Mombourquette puts a great deal of effort in his lectures, and has a quirky sense of humour that you'll either love or hate. His lectures are excellent, goes a bit fast at times, but most of the stuff is supposed to be review anyways. Thumbs up!,4.5,2.0
STOP DISSING / TRYING TO "ONE-UP" NEWSTEAD ALL THE TIME!! WE ALREADY ALL LOVE HIM SO STOP TRYING TO BE BETTER THAN HIM!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
Mombourquette was sooo boring. He needed to stop writing with that stupid red pen all over the lecture notes. His half WILL lower your mark. He goes really fast through material but if you study it's possible to do well.,2.0,4.0
Worst prof of my career. He was sarcastic, rude, and abrasive.,1.0,5.0
Rude when questions were asked. A tone of voice that anyone teaching people should not use. He trys hard, and produces excellent notes that are avalible on the internet ahead of class.,1.0,3.0
He's hard but fair. Personally, puts too much emphasis on shortcuts that confuses more than helps. Goes through concepts really fast.,2.5,3.0
Easier to learn from class notes. He tries to explain things that are already clear and skims over the hard details. Sometimes rude when approached and sarcastic most of the time.,1.5,3.0
No Comments,2.0,2.0
Mombourquette is unapproachable, rude and degrading when questions are asked. He comes to class unprepared, generally with several mistakes in his lecture presentation. I found it very difficult to learn from him.,1.0,3.0
i think he's good actually! he's nice and quite humourous,5.0,3.0
Not very interesting at all, and each lecture has about 5 mistakes on average. Quite unclear about several concepts... I do not recommend him as a prof.,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Umm...verty helpful if you can do some work yourself...if you are completly reliant o nthe prof it wont be good...if your independant it'll be great,4.0,3.0
He's an awful teacher who tries too hard with lame Powerpoint presentations. He needs to stop trying to act 'cool' around first years and just teach the friggin material. He's unhelpful when you ask questions, and dwells on elementary details while only skimming briefly over more difficult concepts. He needs to get in touch with the student body...,1.0,2.0
Excellent and fair!,4.5,2.0
Dry, monotonous lectures but fantastic notes, which means paying attention in class takes effort. He's great with taking time to clarify material outside of class, but although he tries to be helpful, some of the TAs are much better at explaining difficult concepts and much more approachable.,3.0,1.0
snide and sarcastic,1.5,5.0
very very bad teacher,1.0,5.0
I find him to be just as nice outside of class, who is always willing to help a student. Great notes, but lectures are boring since they don't differ from them.,4.0,2.0
He's a very good guy,4.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,2.0
In class he seems to be nice and caring...But when you talk to him in person, he's a real jerk.,2.5,2.0
He has excellent notes and organizes his lectures well. He's also quite funny.,4.5,3.0
He's a cool guy. Tries to be funny. Seems helpful but is not. His notes aren't that good, but the course and the exams are pretty well organized. Overall, props.,3.0,2.0
wow,5.0,1.0
Very nice guy with awesome online notes, but the most boring lecturer I've ever had. Since the notes are so good, that doesn't really matter. I stopped going to class and just read the notes instead. He doesn't say anything different in class from them,5.0,3.0
He epitomizes the chemistry nerd! He is so incredibly boring to listen to, BUT he has awesome notes and seems like a truly nice guy.,4.5,2.0
AWESOME notes. He's a really nice prof.,5.0,2.0
I think he is a really nice man, and his notes are great and all you need to understand. good stuff!,5.0,2.0
Excellent,5.0,1.0
Nice guy, good notes, not the greatest teacher, but he seems to care about the students so you cant help but liek him,4.0,3.0
Since his online notes are so good and detailed, his lecture seemed redundant and unnecessary. However, he explains things very well and genuinely cares about students.,4.0,2.0
i found he tried too hard to be liked by the students. He knows he's a well liked prof and liked to "play that up". I personally didn't like his teaching, the online notes were good tho, and the class is pretty easy if you stay caught up.,3.0,3.0
Pretty cool prof....nice guy,5.0,3.0
yes,5.0,3.0
Great prof! Well organized and his online lecture notes are awesome and easy to learn from.,5.0,2.0
Worst prof VERY!!!!!!,3.5,3.0
Very nice professor. Fair with students,4.5,2.0
This guy is Bill Gates brother! Just look at him!,3.5,3.0
He's a really nice prof,4.5,2.0
He is actually a very nice person. Chemistry with him is not hard. He is very fair,3.5,2.0
Knowledge of a professor but clarity of a high school teacher.. awesome guy!!,4.5,3.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
good prof.,4.0,2.0
Pretty good at explaining but downfall is chemistry is just hard ! =(,4.0,3.0
You actually learn stuff you can use in real life,5.0,2.0
Hugest eyes ever. Talks about his fam a lot. A little sketch when getting help,4.0,2.0
Taught me well. Nice person. Organized notes. Care about students.,5.0,2.0
his voice puts you in a trance like state,2.5,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Love that Distribution Diagrams shirt!! =P,4.5,2.0
Not a good class, Mombourquette does his best, but sometimes he was a little off,3.0,2.0
He was always late, and what is up with his eyes? They're so.....wide open.,4.0,2.0
Awesome,5.0,2.0
Not very knowledgable. Not orgainzed. Course was poor...3 wks on MS word! Pls.,1.5,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
GEEK!,4.0,3.0
Amazing and helpful prof,4.5,4.0
If being a bad teacher was a crime he would have thousands of life sentences lined up. His lectures are like an eye spy book since there are no words. He doesn't post any practice material, outline or relevant information regarding tests. Won't respond to emails unless you harass him with multiple. There is no direction in his classes.,1.0,5.0
Hes a good prof,4.0,1.0
Dr Charles taught this class in a way that looked a specific mechanisms and gave you a good general picture. If you're willing to put in equal time in lecture and outside lecture studying, you'll do well :) Tips: Attendance is a must. Notes are a must. See him in person if you are having trouble -he is very helpful!,4.5,3.0
not many online lecture videos so it was easy during the year, but he was almost never available for help and responded to student questions super late (if at all) and advice was never helpful. Little structure for assignments and the practice set of questions we got for the final contained only NINE questions. he doesn't care about the course,1.5,3.0
I wouldn't say the online course is structured nicely but the workload for the online course was little. Individual assign. don't take much of your time and the one minute summaries are literally free grades thrown at you. The group assignment wasn't that great but the lecture notes are clear and he's very passionate when it comes to teaching.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Charles is very knowledge on the subject matter and is extremely helpful when it comes to answer questions promptly. I found the course extremely interesting and helpful. I would definitely recommend this course to students who have a fond interest in molecular biology. The marking scheme is also very flexible and favors the students greatly!,4.0,2.0
Excellent prof, really knows his stuff. Always available and willing to answer questions, flexible grading scheme, really interesting course and taught by a professor who is obviously passionate about his work. If you're falling asleep in his lectures you're in the wrong program. Every lecture makes you really think about things in a different way.,4.5,3.0
If you watch all the lectures and put a descent amount of effort into the assignments you really cant go wrong. Now, if you try to half ass your way through the assignments that's when you start to lose marks. Trevor is a smart guy, after all he's the graduate chair in biol so put some effort and i guarantee you'll learn a lot and get a good grade,4.0,1.0
HORRIBLE ONLINE SET UP. AVOID IT FOR SURE. EXAM IS DIFFICULT. He does not have anything organized, jumps from random topics, shows no enthusiasm to teach online class. Group project is just irrelevant.,1.5,5.0
Horrible set up of online course. In-depth material and VERY VERY VERY hard exam. DO NOT TAKE.,1.0,4.0
Avoid distance education course.,1.5,4.0
He is so busy and seldom replies the email. The course was very hard because sometime we didn't know what he would ask during the exam.,2.5,5.0
Not very clear in terms of expectations for assignments online and the material is dense...,2.5,4.0
the good: easy assignments, no textbook need. The bad: boring lectures, NO samples tests/old final exams. If you study the lecture notes, you would do well on the final.,3.5,1.0
Course is big on genetics. In that light it's too bad we can't cross him with Alan Morgan and Ruth Malinowski. We might get an organism that actually knew how to teach students, one that wasn't boring as all get out and one that actually gave a damn.,2.5,4.0
He may be smart but he set up a real crappy Distance Ed course. If I knew what this would be like I never would have touched it with a ten foot pole. Stupid, stupid group assignment that drags on and on for weeks and really dumb individual assignments. Also have to submit a multiple choice question every friggin' week on the horrible ACE system.,2.5,3.0
Very nice guy, very passionate about his bacteria :) but the class is sooooo boring, rows of people fall asleep each class.. the exam for the lab was BRUTAL,3.0,3.0
SOOOOOO BORINGGGGG.,3.0,4.0
Great guy, always willing to help. yet at the same time, he can put everyone in the classroom to sleep with his random powerpoint slides which jump from one random fact to another. exams are hard in that you don't know what to expect sometimes.,2.0,4.0
talks about his son often. skipped BIOL 140 after first 3 hour lecture..got 85. went to every class for BIOL 431 and barely managed 68. DO NOT TAKE BIOL 431 if you have not taken at least BIOL 208/308/241...i had only taken BIOL 330 and 140 prior to 431. He's damn lazy and midterms are worth a lot. He has a flex marking scheme for 431 tho.,3.0,5.0
He is a decent prof. who knows his stuff but not necessarily gud at teachin the stuff partly b/c it is literally impossible to stay a wake in his class. There somethin abt his voice so if you think you can stay a awake which so far i havn;t been able to and i usually dun sleep in class then go ahead take the class you will learn a lot.,3.5,3.0
Dr. Charles is great. It's a hard course- there's a lot to learn that you don't cover in high school, but he knows what he's talking about and he tries to make it interesting. Study hard for the exams. They're difficult but it's possibly to do well if you work hard. The lab is killer, but really really interesting.,5.0,4.0
Course is as dry as you make it. Pretend to love microbes, BIOL 140 will love you, maybe. TC is a very decent lecturer: very knowledgeable, passionate; quirky sense of humour; answers questions. Wants to see students with the same passion. Lectures can be a lullaby I admit, but content will be on exams. Fair midterm, hard exam. Study hard, kids!,4.0,4.0
Ah one of my all time favorite classes. Charles is a great guy! Tons of respect for this prof. Gotta love the Video Friday. Print his DE notes, comes in handy during exams. Go to his classes. Challenge yourself to stay awake. Bring snacks if you must. It's fun. The lab component to this course is a killer though but it's out of Charles's control.,4.5,3.0
he wasn't that helpful.,1.0,5.0
good guy, and the course is fine too. go to all classes and and an 80 is a sure thing! he doesnt give any sample tests...so preparing for the midterm is difficult.,3.5,3.0
the most boring prof for biology ever.,4.0,2.0
He's a really good professor but the course is very dry. You have to go to class to understand all the material.,4.0,4.0
You have to go to class and listen because he presents information outside of his lecture notes/power points. And exams ask a lot of detail. But he's a pretty good prof for what is some fairly dry information. Go to class and take notes, and you should be okay. Charles is a fairly entertaining guy sometimes and you get to watch movies on Friday's,4.0,3.0
fell asleep every class. lectures are difficult to take in entirely. Reading the textbook and referencing to the notes are helpful.,3.0,4.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
I am taking this course now. The midterm exam was very fair. This course has really opened up my eyes to microbiology. I wish that we had taken microbiology in high school. Prof. Charles is the best prof I have encountered so far in my first year at Waterloo!,5.0,3.0
Really interesting course. The material is not hard at all. The material requires a minimal amount of forced memorization. Go to class, as his notes do not cover enough to answer questions on the midterms or final. Go to class and do the past midterms, and a little bit of light reading, easy 85%+, if not higher.,2.0,4.0
WHAT AN IDIOT! He taught us in no particular order and he made ridiculuous tests (30 marks, 30%) because his lazy ass didn't want to mark anything. I have never had a worse experience at the University of Waterloo. Thank goodness for graduation.,1.0,5.0
Hard hard hard hard final, i ridiculous assignments, especially group assignment.I took this course in DE. His lectures and lecture notes (from the CD) were not too helpful for the final. But lectures were interesting to listen to though. Marks assignments unfairly.And he posted the marks for ass. only a month after it was submitted.,2.0,4.0
Awesome prof! Really knows his stuff. Just go to class and listen, and you will love microbiology and ace the exams.,5.0,4.0
He is one of the best profs at UW! You will love microbiology after you take his course!,5.0,4.0
Very boring lectures (that's to be expected, it's microbio). Course notes are good, textbook was a waste of money, you don't use it except to make look at a figure or two. Midterm was fair, final was definitly meant to bring down some marks as the midterm averages were quite high.,3.5,4.0
Charles is a nice prof. He is very clear, and he likes what he is teaching a lot! I like his course notes too. The midterm was pretty easy as long as you study of course.,4.0,2.0
TC doesn't deserve the reviews here. He may not be the funnest lecturer, but the apathy of kids taking B140 has something to do with that. B140 is a piece of cake, just read the text, this isn't high school. His material in B431 is interesting and well presented. I've had the chance to work in his lab and he's the nicest prof you can hope to meet.,4.5,3.0
He is a pretty good proff, however it is a little boring. You need to really try to stay awake and focus. But he loves biology and he knows his stuff.,4.0,3.0
HOLAYY! If this is not the most boring class, then there is something wrong. Bring music, a laptop or something, or just don't go. He is the most boring prof ever. He doesn't seem tha hard of a prof, but you will have a tough time staying awake in his class.,2.5,3.0
what a nightmare. I beg all of the froshes, please try your best to avoid this prof.Please!!!!!! I AM A BIO MAJOR AND I HATE THE GUY AND THE COURSE ITSELF BECAUSE OF HIM. One time I asked him a vaild question and he just mumbled that it has been covered before in front of all 300 students. BADDDDDD PROF!!!!,1.0,5.0
He's a very bad teacher. Hard midterm and Hard final exam. No course notes and boring class (night class). Don't take him unless u wanna die!,1.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
SO boring. That is all I have to say. Bring snacks to class!,3.0,3.0
he seemed like a nice guy, and he really loves what he teaches. the lectures were pretty boring though, and if you have a tendency of falling asleep in class, don't bother going, his voice makes you go to sleep,3.5,4.0
Worst Prof! Boring as hell. Makes a ridiculous 70% multiple choice final. If he was crossing the road i would think twice about breaking.,1.5,4.0
One of the toughest bio classes, midterms are a killer. Interesting material, and lectures seem to be more bearable than in 140. Tough class though.,3.5,4.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
Knows his stuff but class is very boring. He takes too long to explain very little. Exams are fair. Remember to bring snacks to class to stay awake!,2.5,2.0
Good teacher, some say he's boring but look at what hes teaching for god sakes (microbiology);) Hard final exam, easy mid-term.,4.0,3.0
This class is a little dull, but then again who can make this course interesting. Lab is pretty annoying too.... One piece of advice if you take the course; don't go to class tired, you WILL fall asleep. Don't take the three hour lecture.. enough said.,2.5,4.0
He could be a very good prof if he presented the material in a more clear manner. He definately knows his stuff. Really nice guy.,3.5,2.0
This dude might not be the most interesting fella but he sure knows his stuff. Is pretty fair considering the exam he gave - and all of you that think he's hard should probably study more. And the slides are pictures,the lecture notes are the real thing.,5.0,2.0
This class is very boring and hard to stay awake for. The exam was pretty hard because there were so many trick questions.,3.0,3.0
Worst prof EVER!!! Slept through his lectures that were painfully boring.,1.0,4.0
HIs lectures are very boring despites his attempts to crack jokes.,3.0,3.0
Midterm very easy if you STUDIED... I recommend DE. People that did poorly obviously did not study adequately.,4.5,3.0
He's okay. Kinda boring, but the material is as much as source of the boredom as he is. I think he does an okay job with what he has and his tests are tought, but fair as long as you did the work and put in some decent study hours (like 10-20, not 2-3),2.0,3.0
OMIGOD!!!...Most boring class ever!!!Talks... doesn't teach...& his class notes aren't notes, they're pictures! Learned absolutely nothing. Screwed for exam either way! Don't take this class unless you ABSOLUTELY HAVE TO, and do it by DE, if you gotta.,1.5,5.0
SO BORING!!!!!!!!! He doesn't talk about anything relevant either!,1.0,5.0
very boring!!!,2.0,4.0
Who is he even talking to? It is so hard to sit and listen.,1.5,5.0
too bad we can't givea ny negative numbers! so boring, his midterms have duplicated questions,.... he hates teaching and is so boring! don't ask him questions because he doesn't know the answer to them. He walks like a duck,1.0,5.0
can't deny, nice guy. but god, some one bestow the gift of teaching to him!,3.0,3.0
Don't go to class its too boring. Don't go to exams because you'll fail either way.,4.0,5.0
really really hard. midterm and final are impossible!!!,1.0,5.0
This course is really really hard!!!!! The midterm and final are impossible!! Study only the lecture notes, throw your text book away... lectures are incredibally boring but dont miss them b/c he puts questions on the midterm that aren't in printed notes,1.5,5.0
the midterm and exam were BRUTAL! and his lecture notes were horrible.. take this by distance ed if you can!,2.0,4.0
HELP. Don't take bacterial molecular genetics unless you must. Can't sit through one lecture without a headache from confusion. Difficult course, difficult MTs, difficult marker. 'nuf said.,2.5,5.0
Classes are dull, exams horrible, but he does have a passion for microbiology,1.5,4.0
Boring,Insipid,Overkill,Lame,Oh God save us,Gimme a break, Yawn, yawn, yawn, spells Biology 140 with this guy.,1.5,4.0
super nice... a little iffy about the teaching part.. :/,3.5,2.0
boring lectures..he rambles too much...midterm & exam were tricky,3.5,3.0
read lecture notes ONLY, q's are right from there!!!,5.0,1.0
so-so.... but super nice guy!,4.0,3.0
hrm.. might as well sleep in class,2.0,3.0
kind prof, lectures are a lil dull, midterms are hard,3.0,4.0
microbial GOD! This guy is the best prof. next to bols,5.0,1.0
He's halarious but not in the Haha way he isn't prepared for lecture and rambles,2.5,1.0
i am too disgusted to comment.,1.0,5.0
Nice Guy but tricky tests,3.5,3.0
juss memorize his notes, he's reely nice tho,3.5,4.0
hard to stay awake during his lectures. but he is a nice guy. exam is kinda hard,4.0,3.0
expect to fall asleep 5 minutes into the class.... nice man though,4.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
He couldn't explain anything if his life depended on it!,2.0,4.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
just memorize lecture notes, don't bother w/the text book,4.0,2.0
he forgets what he was going to say or what he said in class!!!,1.0,3.0
didn't always understand the man.. but he was helpful to re-explain if need be.,3.5,3.0
Kind of boring. Didn't make it to night class very often.,3.5,4.0
Taught well, considering it was first time,4.0,3.0
tests hard,4.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
Nice guy, interesting class. Very enthusiastic.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
So far, he is the worst prof I have ever had. If he was to teach any course I take for the rest of my time here at Waterloo, I will drop the course. You have been warned, stay away from any course he teaches, he is so lazy it astounds me that he ever made it to where he is today.,1.0,3.0
I cannot say that Liping actually taught me anything during this semester. For the entire term, we were taught using lecture slides as opposed to the "required" course notes. The slides were unorganized and less comprehensive that the course notes as well. Liping also STOPPED TEACHING US after one month! Our TA taught the rest of the course.,1.0,3.0
Class was well structured. The professor used a student-led lecture format for many of the lectures. Under this format, students prepared and gave a presentation on the topics we were required to cover. The professor then lectured on any missed material for each presentation. Good practice for graduate students interested in teaching.,5.0,1.0
Absolutely horrible. He has no idea what he's doing, he doesn't teach you anything, he doesn't help outside his office hours. NEVER replies to emails. NEVER. EVER. He is definitely the worst prof I ever had and the most unprofessional one. I had to teach myself the whole course. I highly advice everyone to AVOID any class with him.,1.0,4.0
Great course notes, good lecturer. His grad section of the course does all the marking so be sure to question all your marks since it's very inconsistent. I did,4.0,2.0
Considering the number of times he says "ok" during a class, this rating should just be a series of "ok"s. Despite being a really nice guy, Liping Fu's teaching is anything but ok. His lectures powerpoints and assignments were impossible to follow. The textbook was not used. He might be great for research, but UW should give us profs who can teach.,1.5,4.0
He is a nice guy but hard to understand his accent. I have to teach the course myself by searching online or go on MIT/Yale online classes videos. He is willing to help his students but will not answer the questions completely. His assignments are very hard, give yourself plenty of time to do them because you will regret. His pwpt are useless.,3.5,5.0
Poor english and very unorganized... had to teach myself the course.,1.0,3.0
Nice guy, fine course, no complaints here.,3.5,2.0
His course notes were really helpful and he's very willing to provide extra help outside of class. His english skills are sometimes lacking, but he really makes an effort to explain things.,4.0,3.0
okay okay okay okay okay okay,2.5,3.0
Very nice person, but no motivation when he teaches. Hard to understand and/or follow. Appears to teach the course flipping from section to setion randomly with no clear teaching method.,2.0,3.0
They don't call him a Fu for nothing....He's pretty slow on the uptake and doesn't have much knowledge in any one area...,1.5,2.0
please learn english. i've had him twice and had to teach myself the courses,1.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
Very organized course notes, good professor!,4.5,2.0
I took CHEM 266 with him online and it wasn't mandatory. As soon as I heard he teaches 363 as well I took it immediately. He is an amazing prof! Really shows that he cares even during this whole virus situation and understands what students are going through too! Honestly, the best prof I've ever had and I'm not even in the science faculty.,5.0,2.0
Very helpful out of class with his open door policies. Clearly cares for his students and wants them all to succeed. Unless you don't try he will personally make sure you succeed.,5.0,3.0
Wonderful course notes and super helpful outside of class!,5.0,2.0
Super fast lecturer, the material wasn't difficult but he definitely didn't take his time to go through it well either.,3.0,2.0
BEAUTYY of a prof, although I took the course online, and did terrible, it was worth it.,4.0,4.0
Due to the course being online, our final exam was quite heavy. 70%. Scary, right? Just make sure you do the readings. ALWAYS DO THE READINGS. Or you WILL fail, because every week's content is built on the week before. Since assignments are weekly, you cannot afford to fall behind. Forsey's a nice prof. Fairly reasonable, nothing too extraordinary.,4.0,5.0
One of the best professors you can ask for at UW!,5.0,4.0
forsey is one of the most caring profs I've ever had. He really cares about the students. He has a ton of office hours and everything. He knows that orgo is unpleasant but he makes the best of it.,5.0,4.0
Forsey is the best prof and the nicest prof you will eve meet. He is so dedicated to helping the students. You can basically ask him questions you want at any time. He provides so many good resources that you must be a fool to fail.,5.0,3.0
Forsey was my favourite prof this term! He put extra effort into relating the concepts discussed in class to a lot of different areas; especially helpful for an earth science or bio major. He was always available to help out, even with the CHEM123L questions. Encouraged participation and always had extra questions from upper years to practice.,4.5,3.0
He was a decent prof. Told you exactly what you needed to know for the exams. the course content is difficult regardless the professor but he was not horrible but not the best.,3.5,3.0
not good terrible prof, draws with no explaining,1.0,5.0
He really made sure that we understood the concepts and would offer as much help as needed.,4.5,3.0
Study the material before coming to class.,5.0,1.0
He is correct in saying that organic chemistry is like a language. Memorize mechanisms and ensure you can identify reactive sites in a molecule. Top Hat is a great help; use paper if you must during Top Hat and clicker sessions. Never forget - most of organic chemistry starts with a backside attack.,3.5,3.0
Hated our class, but did an admirable job of not letting it affect his teaching,4.5,4.0
DON'T TAKE HIS CLASS ! WORST UWATERLOO PROF !,2.0,5.0
Although Organic Chemistry is said to be tough, he was able to present it in such a clear way that the language just made sense! He's an amazing prof and easily approachable too! Don't be shy, coming up to him after class was the best decision I made, it really helped clarify my questions and allowed me to comprehend the material better.,5.0,1.0
Forsey is a decent prof, average in explanations but it's sometimes pretty hard to understand the concepts when he teaches them in lectures. He's very motivating and helpful, make sure you understand the pre midterm material very well or things aren't gonna go so well for the final.,4.0,2.0
Overall great prof. Is mediocre at explaining concepts. Pre-midterm: do ALL tophat/orgogame questions. KNOW NOMENCLATURE (he will say it's not important but it is). Use his method for R and S, but use online method for stereochem. Post Midterm: You can use concepts for Sn1 Sn2 E1 E2, but beyond that it's far easier to memorize than understand.,4.5,2.0
The course material was okay but the lecture notes were horribly made. He does not write down concepts but says them and circle on the page 10 times trying to make you memorize. Just memorize the reactions and you'll be fine because he basically want you to memorize not understand. Did not like him at all.,2.0,4.0
One of the worst prof. ever. Avvoiiddd. Hard exams tooo,1.5,5.0
An easy class, just read ahead, understand the concepts and memorize classes of reactions and you'll be fine.,2.5,4.0
I loved this guy! He kind of assumes that you already know things, but in all fairness, if you're taking this class, you better know the basics of orgo. This was supposedly a very hard course, but I got a 90. His teaching made me see orgo totally differently, and I would definitely recommend his classes to other students.,5.0,2.0
He is nice as a person but is really bad at explaining in lectures. Most of his lectures assume that you know everything done in the previous lectures and he goes really fast. He will keep on drawing circles and if you hate chemistry then it is really difficult to concentrate in his class...,3.0,5.0
He's bad at explaining concepts and is not a very good lecturer. However, he definitely knows his material and is always willing to help students. I highly recommend reading the textbook, as that helped me a lot.,2.5,3.0
Went into class thinking he is the best prof ever, came out thinking he is the worst. No clarity in lectures, I had to start going to a different section to keep my interest in the course.,2.5,5.0
memorize like crazy from day 1 or else watch out!,3.0,4.0
I liked Forsey as a person, and he was rather helpful if you went to office hours with specific questions. In lectures however, he is terrible at explaining concepts! He just circles things 10 times and then gives a terrible analogy that doesn't help with understanding the concepts at all. I learned more in the one lecture that Marta substituted.,2.0,4.0
Love this guy. He's hilarious and a great teacher.,5.0,3.0
He's the best prof at waterloo! All the examples he does in class makes it really easy to understand the material.,5.0,2.0
Forsey is one of the best professors I have ever had. He is active in helping and seeking new learning tools to ignite interest in the subject. I have never felt so motivated to learn in such a class as organic chemistry!,5.0,2.0
Easy to approach and provides lots of support for students. Great guy to talk with and explains things very clearly! His CHEM262 class was awesome,5.0,3.0
A great prof, and a great guy! Funny and keeps things simple. Organic really isn't that hard at all.,5.0,2.0
Best prof I've had at UWaterloo. He goes at a decent pace; students will fall behind if you don't keep up with reading and practice problems. He was really nice during office hours. As long as you have attempted to read and do the homework beforehand, he is always willing to help.,5.0,2.0
He goes fast, so if you want to do well, you have to read and re-read your notes before going into class. He offers lots of practice. If you do it all, you can do chemical reactions quickly and efficiently, but if you don't, you will have a hell of a time.,4.5,4.0
This is a hard course, he goes fast and does his best to cover all the material. People complaining about him saying don't memorize, you need to be aware or reagents and understand what happens, if you think you're going to pass this course without studying, think again,4.5,4.0
Amazing professor!! Very helpful!! and very CLEAR!!,4.5,2.0
Great Prof, having fun and interested in every lecture,5.0,3.0
Despite what he claims, you must memorize parts (solvents, names of functional groups, etc). Yes, there are also patternss, but to say there is no memorization is an outright lie.,2.5,4.0
Must memorize, repeat, must memorize.,1.0,5.0
People who claim the only way to pass this course is through heavy memorization of reactions are clearly the people who did poorly (and subsequently gave bad ratings). The sooner you'd realize the reactions are all functions of Sn1/Sn2/E1/E2, the better you probably would've done. Keep up the good work, slackers,5.0,1.0
Basically, be prepared to memorize hundreds of reactions. The people who say not to memorize are misguided.,1.5,5.0
He's a good prof but a bit overrated. People who rate him poorly probably don't like orgo. Forsey definitely knows his stuff and at times, he can be bad at explaining things at a low level because it's easy for him to picture it in his head. He tells you what's on the exam though and his course notes are so helpful!,4.5,2.0
really bad teacher, he just circles things and barely explains concepts. His analogies are bad, and he goes extremely fast,1.0,5.0
His analogies are cute.,4.0,2.0
Gives conflicting messages. Sometimes he says memorize, sometimes he says do not memorize. In reality, you have to understand the concepts but there is also a fair bit of memorization (things you can't figure out),2.5,4.0
He'll tell you not to memorize, but you must memorize to know what's going on -- you can't figure out many of the reactions from fundamentals. So yes, you need to understand concepts, but there is still memorization involved. And lots of it.,2.0,5.0
He went through the material extremely fast and often skipped large sections that were crucial to understanding of future material. The text book is a must in this course. The stuff that he did explain was done very well however, and he did find a way to make organic chemistry interesting.,4.5,3.0
He tells everybody there is no makeup final ..but there is, all you have to do is get a doctor's note and there will be one in early January....,1.5,5.0
One of the best proffs in UW! very helpful if you got to him for help. The best for orgo.,5.0,2.0
Never believe this man! He'll tell you not to memorize for 7/8 of the course...and then he'll turn around and tell you to memorize everything.,1.0,5.0
The best teacher of the worst class. He tries to make organic easier to learn, but its a hard class; explains questions and problems well, tries to make it as exciting as possible. Tells great jokes, mocking Justin Beiber and whatnot. Overall great prof.,4.5,3.0
Spent the whole term telling the class not to memorize, then the last 2 weeks, told us to memorize everything! Not rec'd.,1.0,5.0
He goes really quickly in class. My main suggestion is to go through the notes after each lecture and make sure you can do the examples yourself so you are ready for the next lecture. If not, you will fall way behind and it will be too late to try to study right before the midterm or final. He's a decent prof, not the best or worst.,3.5,5.0
I had the awesomeeee fortune of having him for both Chem 266 AND Chem 267, and honest to God, he made my year. He is absolutely adorable! Of course, I still didn't do well (my fault bc I studied 2 days before the orgo 1 final; learned my lesson for orgo 2). He's fair and he teaches you everything you need to know for the midterms and finals. :),5.0,3.0
He is cute as a button, awesome teacher, helpful and very sweet,5.0,3.0
Awsome professor. Organic Equivalent of Carey Bissonette, in terms of Notes, Assignments, Quiz. They are both awesome!,5.0,3.0
Excellent chem professor,5.0,3.0
Dr Forsey is a decent professor. His course notes are helpful, particularly due to the fact that they have many examples. His answers to questions tend to be demeaning and sarcastic, but he does manage to get the main point across. In his class, if you dont study like mad for the midterm and final, you wont get through. Just put in lots of time!,3.0,5.0
well he is the GOD of ORGANIC. the best organic prof at UW by a long shot. cool guy too. basically the equivalent of Carrey Bissonnette in 120/123. i think that says it all. respect!!,5.0,1.0
well if bissonnette is the god of 120/123, well think of forsey as his first cousin. the god of organic!!! if you dont like reading books, dont like dealing with profs BS, like to be tested on only what you cover in class, get an A+ in chem, love organic even if you think you hate it. well book a meet with forsey and it will all come true. peace!!,5.0,1.0
He has good notes and covers all the material necessary. Does not test you on stuff not covered in class. He tends to mumble and go pretty fast, but at least you can learn from the notes after. He is by far the best orgo prof.,4.0,4.0
Awesome prof. He's funny, and teaches well. As others have said, a god of organic chemistry.,5.0,4.0
I <3 Forsey! I would marry him! >< If you have the choice of receiving a taste of the god of organic chemistry take it! Great sense of humour and all around awesome! "Santa is polarizable that is why he can fit down the chimney" Love him!,5.0,5.0
Challenging class, need to stay on top of things. 100% final is a lifesaver. I found his lectures to be overwhelming but it makes sense if you take the time to review or preview it. Be prepared to put in the time and energy for this class. He is relatively clear and fair but don't expect it to be easy. Overall great guy. Friendly and really cares,3.5,2.0
He's the god of Chemistry.,5.0,2.0
Amazing prof, has very relevant notes, textbook isnt even needed, tests were more than fair and just overall a great guy who will even give you guidance in course/program selections,5.0,1.0
He was great!!!,5.0,4.0
Forsey is an awesome guy. The way he teaches the class is so cute, and he's jokes ALL the time. He uses clickers in the class and sometimes does random polls of the class like whether or not to keep the lights on in the lecture hall. So helpful, and very fair in his evaluations. He also gives you like the entire history of old exams and tests.,5.0,2.0
Amazing prof...Nicest guy i ever meet. Always there to help you, and he posts up like 100000's midterms and exams for practice. Fair mid terms and fair exams. Class average is like 78% almost every one got 90's.I had him for chem 266 as well. Amazing guy..Wow..,5.0,2.0
Often when I did have question I would go to his office hours. Don't get frustrated if he makes you feel stupid. He's trying to teach concepts. Try asking about the concepts and not about solving a particular prob. A firm grasp of the concepts will enable u to do any problem.He'll have you draw out structures and try to fill in your missing gaps.,4.5,3.0
Adorable guy, what a cutie... He's JOKES!!! He said several times that chem 120 wasn't his thing which explains why he didnt teach it well to us, but I used to go to class just to listen to him...:D...I can't wait to take organic with him :P,4.0,1.0
Really takes the time to help you out if you need it. Great Prof, Fair exams and midterms.,4.5,2.0
really nice and helpful if you are willing to put the time in he is willing to help you he'll be a bit pompus only if you go in not trying and not caring. DE version is better to eliminate the muttering work hard and show it and he will help you anytime,4.5,4.0
Great guy..not soo good of a professor...mumbles alot however, he does try to help you if you dont understand..overall, if you understand his teaching method then you'll do fine..I for one didnt...,2.5,3.0
Easier than 266. Not a bad guy, he managed to make chemistry sound sexual on Valentine's day. Always gives some good laughs. Midterm/final was fair, pretty easy to get a good mark in the class if you keep up with the topics and don't leave it all to the night before.,3.5,4.0
Not the easiest course I have ever taken but man does he ever make it more understanding and clear. One of the best Chemistry profs out there!,4.0,3.0
Skipped most of the classes. Takes everything from the book, but doesn't clarify or expand upon it at all. Basically reads to you for two hours in a monotone. Didn't know what was going on, asked for help and got a condescending response. Exam had new material, threw everyone off. Don't take his class, and if you do, skip it and read the text.,1.0,4.0
If you have the choice, do NOT take his class. He does not have the capacity to teach. When the average is low he blames the students. He is quite useless as a professor.,1.5,4.0
content isn't TOO bad if you put in the effort, but forsey is so unhelpful outside of class, he's patronizing and makes you feel so stupid. if you want to keep your self esteem, don't ask him for help. i got an 89 in the class and he made me feel like i deserved a 30.,1.5,4.0
Just Amazing...,5.0,1.0
It is so easy to fall asleep while he's teaching. Stop reading from the damn slides! It would also be nice if he proof-read his work.,3.0,3.0
he is a bad teacher, doesn't explain well and goes through the notes so quickly you don't understand. take his class if you want to fail,2.0,4.0
He does go through the material very quickly, and he doesn't explain things very clearly either. So must self-study! He does like beer a lot? I don't feel his enthusiasm for the course.,2.0,4.0
sure he's available to help u out...but sometimes he doesnt explain things very well n he goes way too fast thru his lectures..i mean just because he understands it doesn't mean the class does..,3.0,3.0
funny guy. tries hard. easy going.,5.0,1.0
okay ya, everyones saying hes a nice guy etc. but he just reads the slide, and throw in sum sexual innuendo with molecular bonds "back side attack" everyone remmebers that. but his finals were hard. his midterms were fair. u need to know the lecture notes INSIDE OUT. both finals were harder than the midterms.period.,4.0,4.0
Forsey is probably the best professor I ever had. His lectures are fun to go to and he teaches with a lot of enthusiasm. He was a great help out of class and he always keeps his door open for students. Great guy!,5.0,2.0
Great teacher. Available when you need help and understanding.,4.5,3.0
looks like only chicks have been rating prof forsey. He's an all right prof, however he is a tricky son of a b*tch on his tests. He goes too fast in lecture and figures that we understand everything hes talking about. if you dont understand in class, go to his office hours!,3.5,3.0
This is a DE course with another prof's voice on the lectures. In spite of this, Steve is always available to clarify and answer any questions in great detail and with a sense of humour! It has been a pleasure taking this course.,4.5,2.0
Great guy,so funny he can make chemistry interesting.Organic sux,but Forsey's the man,and because of him I really enjoyed the class.Very easy going,approachable and helpful.Overall this class wasnt bad,because of his teaching style,otherwise,with foreign profs it could be hell like 266 w/ Cheung,5.0,2.0
Prof Forsey is Great! He is always there to help. Without him I never would have done as well as I did. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!,4.5,2.0
He is the man! Doesn't waste time with bs and just tells you what you need to know. Very approachable and fair. Explains things really well. And he's kinda cute.,5.0,2.0
funny as hell prof, except for that time he walked out of class really mad. but overall he teaches well, and all that stuff. the reason people sucked at this course is because no one really cared about chem, including me. anyone who actually likes chem would love this guy.,4.0,3.0
I had no interest in organic chemistry, but his enthusiasm caught my attention. Forsey's lectures are chalk filled with sexual analagies that fit into organic chem quite nicely, whether he meant to present it that way or not. I love the fact that he is always smiling. He's a real babe too!,5.0,3.0
Amazing prof! Soooooooooooooooo sweet. Nicest man ever. I luv him.,5.0,2.0
Forsey is an incredible prof and person in general. I have never meet a prof like him who is so willing to help the students in anyway possible. I love organic bc of steve. UW science is lucky to have him. Hes hot too :)But seriously even when he was dying with a cold he stayed to help me.,5.0,2.0
he has very useful notes,5.0,3.0
Yep, I'd marry him too! I hated this course but didn't miss a day of seeing Steve.,4.0,3.0
Wicked ass prof. Totally flexible. Makes organic fun! But, be warned that his course notes are crazy crammed full of stuff to know! Somehow, he manages to put so much info into his course notes..,4.5,4.0
nice teacher, funny in class,5.0,3.0
Very helpfull and really understands your work load and tries to give you breaks. Very fair and reasonable and knows how stressed you are, so he's the only prof that'll give you a break, which is nice (I don't expect breaks from all, but one is nice),5.0,1.0
Awesome prof. The guy is hilarious, and makes the class so interesting. You wouldn't think you'd find electron placements funny until you hear him talk about it ("...this pair stays close like it jumped in cold water...").,5.0,3.0
Best Chem prof ever!!! I ended up taking CHEM 267 just because he was teaching it.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
Great teach, if I we a girl, I would marry him....meh, I'd marry him even though I am not,5.0,1.0
Forsey on first day of lab: "Relax guys, this isn't analytical chemistry!" A welcome change indeed. He's awesome, friendly and approachable. Too bad he doesn't teach organic chem for those of us in chem/biochem. We get stuck with Taylor and Fill,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
He's great! Available for extra help no problem, and makes chemistry much easier to understand.,5.0,3.0
One of the Best Profs I've had. Amazing office hours.,4.5,2.0
Amazing prof, really understanding guy! He's the ideal prof in every way! AWESOME JOB STEVE!,5.0,2.0
A very nice prof. Patient and helpful when extra help was needed.,4.5,3.0
good one.. heard mixed reviews for 266 though,4.5,2.0
Excellent prof. Very helpful. Explains everything really well.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
absolutely love him!,4.5,3.0
made chemistry easy to understand,5.0,3.0
what a cutie! the course is hard though,3.0,5.0
Extremely helpful ... lots of extra help.,4.5,2.0
Excellent at the beginning, rushing at the end, lazy in making up exam papers,4.0,3.0
what a sweetie.... I'll take any chem course as long as HE'S teaching it.,5.0,2.0
I love this guy! He made the course easy to understand, and WHAT A CUTE ASS!,4.0,2.0
A really nice guy and simply the best prof I've ever had,5.0,3.0
Very helpful,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Absolutely Adorable!!,5.0,2.0
He's a great guy, always willing to help, but he mumbles during the lectures!!,3.0,2.0
If you have to take this class make sure you get him!! He makes it tolerable!,5.0,3.0
Such a nice guy. Vey helpful. Understanding too.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Genuinely helpful and nice. Fun class.,5.0,2.0
Excellent prof!!!,5.0,2.0
He's an awesome prof who helps in any way he can,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
great lab prof...really helpful,5.0,3.0
nice,humorous person,makes organic chem interesting!,5.0,3.0
A genuinely helpful prof.,5.0,2.0
Awesome lab instructor!!! Always helpful.,5.0,2.0
Mary was my prof for two first year CompSci courses in the mid-90s. She was easy-going and funny. She seemed a bit nervous in front of the class at times, but most people can relate to that . I worked hard and got As. She made the material easy to understand and I still remember the demos where she acted as Karol the Robot. I later TA'd for her.,4.0,3.0
Wonderful. I'm taking another computer course now and I miss her. I rated the material easy because she made it easy. She's enthusiastic, positive, extremely helpful (in and out of class).,4.5,1.0
The people below must be lashing out because they got bad marks.,5.0,1.0
Probably the most helpful prof i've ever had.,4.5,2.0
Mary is a very nice professor with lots of good analogies. You're cool prof McCollam!!!,3.0,3.0
you rock,3.5,3.0
This person doesn't know how to teach at all! Avoid her at all costs to get good grades!,1.0,5.0
Worst prof ever but a nice person,1.0,5.0
the worst prof i have ever met. she doesn't know what she is teaching at all!!!! avoid her if you want to learn something.,1.0,5.0
Seems to get flustered while she teaches. Kind of knows the material, but doubts herself if she copies something down wrong or a student answers differently than what she has. A nice person, but struggles with teaching in general.,3.0,2.0
She is probably the nicest lady ever. CISC 101 is an easy intro class to computing, as it should be, and Mary does an excellent job teaching it. Make sure you have her if you can.,5.0,1.0
Pretty dissapointing. Her tests are Long and overshadow anything else you might do in the course. over 1/4th of your grade will be determined in 50 min and by 3 questions. She's a very nice person but is incapable of teaching. If possible, avoid having her.,2.5,3.0
Simply put, probably the most incompetent person I've ever met, and yes I am comparing her to every single person I have met. Avoid at all costs,1.0,3.0
Terrible incapable teacher, totally unclear, vague as hell. Half her class has gone missing since the term began. Learn more from the book than from her.,1.5,3.0
Really nice, takes everyones picture and gets to know you! Was good for first half of course, but afterwards it was evident that she didn't know too much on the topic herself... don't take any courses involving C++ w/ her, she doesn't know it!!,3.5,2.0
somewhat disorganized, and kind of boring... tries to be "fun" but not so good at that either,1.5,4.0
Too Slow,2.0,1.0
Definitely really nice and approachable, but doesn't really know her stuff...,3.0,2.0
No Comments,2.5,2.0
Cool prof. Teaches very clearly. Nice lady,5.0,3.0
Very nice, very approachalbe, absolutely no complaints. I you take CISC 101, make sure she's your prof.,5.0,2.0
Horrible teacher! every time she makes a mistake in the specifications for an assignment she says Live with it, this is what its like in the real world,2.5,2.0
Great prof! FAR Better than JIM Rodger for CISC101. Switch into her class cause she's the best for CISC101. Very Helpful too,5.0,3.0
The best CISC prof! Really nice and helpful, never makes it boring or sleepy,5.0,2.0
Great prof! Wonderful 1st year choice ... supportive and helpful! Thanks!,4.5,1.0
very approachable,4.5,3.0
Very nice, not always good at explaining things on the spot, needs prep time,3.0,4.0
Easy to brown nose. Don't get on her bad side...,4.0,2.0
Excellent Teacher and is readily available outside of class hours,5.0,3.0
Very helpful, nice.,4.0,3.0
easy to approch, nice to talk to, the coolest prof ever,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
No Comments,3.5,2.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
Hard assignments,3.5,4.0
love this old man, he knows what he is teaching. passionate about teaching too,5.0,2.0
Amazing professor! Assignments were always challenging yet fun. If you have the option to have him for any class, do it! He always something interesting to talk about, yet never dwells on anything too long. Absolute legend.,5.0,3.0
Professor Dawes is clearly very passionate about the topics he teaches. I also love his lecture style (writing on the blackboard), as it makes it manageable to take notes, rather than trying to copy down content from slides. His tests in CISC 235 were a bit more difficult than expected, but overall they were still fair.,4.0,3.0
For cisc121 if you're in computing, it's kind of a bird course. You just stack overflow your way through the assignments and get lucky on the exams. Lectures were insightful but useless, and he posted all the code. I really liked him, and his daily birthday thing is amazing. Love Dawes!!!,4.0,2.0
Great professor. Always puts effort in to the lectures. You can tell that he really cares about what he's teaching.,5.0,2.0
Total dilf, but not in a sexual way, I would marry this man for his mind, you can tell he's a great story teller, for someone who rarely attends class he makes it worth while, his teaching style.. meh, but all his tests and assignments are super fair and he prepares you for them.,5.0,3.0
Easily one of the best professors at Queen's. Lectures are very entertaining and in-depth. Assignments are super fun, and office hours are held almost every weekday. Optional challenge problems are interesting and add value to the content being taught.,5.0,1.0
You just can't hate the guy,5.0,3.0
I looked forward to atteding his lectures. They were that good. He is very passionate about the subjects he teaches and does an excellent job teaching them. Its incredible how much you can learn at one of his lectures without feeling like your brain is about to explode. He cares about his students and sets a high bar for what a professor should be.,5.0,4.0
Great teacher. Because of the nature of CISC235 , his lectures tend to be very repetitive and most information can be learned outside of class. The tests are harder than the actual material taught. Most questions are complex coding problems that you will need to practice beforehand. Overall good, but could give more example problems.,4.0,3.0
Professor Dawes talks waaaaaaaaaaaaay too much. I think he just loves writing on the chalk board. It is currently reading week and we are like 3+ weeks behind in material. He talks so much but says so little. If you missed a month of class you'd still probably be ahead.,1.0,3.0
Dawes is a genuine guy. He's clearly incredibly passionate about what he's teaching and it shows. He'll explain why material is legitimately fascinating rather than just presenting it.,4.0,3.0
Took his online course. It seems he never replies email(my friend, my teammate and my experience). Compare with my friend who took this course in person, the online one is more difficult, and your questions are hardly get feedback from him. Probably the worst and irrespobsible prof I met.,1.0,2.0
Professor Dawes is an amazing professor. The material is covered thoroughly in class and is often the topic of the assignments. His notes are clear and to the point, making sure that if you did happen to miss a lecture or need some clarification, you won't be left hanging.,5.0,4.0
He's very passionate about what he does however I feel his teaching style is not very fitting for the field. He talks a lot but does not demonstrate a lot. Learning the code in this course is difficult since we do not code in the lectures and I personally learn by doing, not listening. He's a good guy, just not my favorite teacher.,2.0,2.0
He is our father--even more so, he is our prophet. I wake and sleep for Professor Dawes.,5.0,4.0
Dawes is a gem and by far one of the best profs in computing. He genuinely loves what he does, and it shows. His lectures are engaging and interesting, and he's always available to meet outside of class for help, or just to chat about personal computing interests.,5.0,3.0
The best of Queen's Computing,5.0,3.0
Dawes is a fantastic professor. His grading criteria for testing makes it almost impossible to fail, and he seems to genuinely enjoy the content he teaches. He is always willing to help you out if you seek for assistance. CISC 203, 235, and 365 are also incredibly vital to success in the field of Computing, so we are lucky to have him here.,5.0,3.0
Dawes is by far the best Computing prof at Queen's. Actually showing up to class and paying attention is so helpful because he explains things so well, and with a lot of enthusiasm. The material in all of his classes - 203, 235, 365 - is very interesting and vital for doing well in your future in computing.,5.0,3.0
Dawes is very clear, passionate about what he teaches, and gives great lectures. Tests are a great change of pace from other classes.,5.0,1.0
Awesome prof who is willing to help you out if you ask for it. You have to work for your grade but the grading is definitely fair.,5.0,3.0
Great prof, loves to teach, funny and even though his tests aren't easy A's they make you think and you definitely need to study hard to do well in the course.,4.5,3.0
Good course, good teacher,4.0,2.0
I've had Robin Dawes 4 times now and I will be going back in my fourth year. He is a great prof, and a great person. Loves his material, loves his students and loves his board games As someone else said, you get the mark you work for.,4.0,3.0
awesome prof who loves what he does.,4.5,2.0
Prof. Dawes is one of the finest teachers I've ever had the pleasure of taking a class with. He is passionate about the subject he teaches and is a joy to talk to.,5.0,2.0
Terrible professor, didn't like his teaching style at all. Very messy and unorganized, flabbergasted when someone asked a question. Never updated the course portal and when you ask for help, he directs you to the TA. Disappeared 3 days before the final exam so you couldn't even ask him questions. Go to class because he doesn't upload complete notes,1.0,3.0
Great Prof! Yes, he takes a while to get tests back and yes his tests can be quite challenging but you get out of the course what you put into it. He is really passionate about the subject, a very good lecturer and overall an amazing person. Thank you for the great term!,5.0,3.0
Expect proofs, lots of proofs. Excellent prof. Clear, can always explain things with real examples. Show up to class and take notes or else you will not do well at all. Do that and the practice tests and you should be fine for the actual tests.,4.5,4.0
Confusing and disorderly. If you ask him a question he doesn't know the answers to, he becomes offended and treats you like a 5 year old. Extremely condescending and rude. The upside? He's an easy marker.,1.0,2.0
Amazing prof and genuinely terrific person. As a graduate of queens he is the most memorable of all academics who taught me.,5.0,3.0
Easily the worst teacher I have ever had. Makes every topic ten times more complicated than it needs to be because he can't explain anything. At least there was no final.,1.5,4.0
Some profs are 'lecture gods'. He is one of them. Take this course. Yes, he takes forever to get assignments/tests back. And yes, some of his homework assignments took an incredible amount of work. It's worth it.,4.5,4.0
Knows his stuff, but structures his exams and assignment unlike the other first and second year profs so be warned, his exams are more application based and not much coding which is fine if you're expecting it. Takes FOREVER to grade things though and left for a week (and the exam). Really helpful if you go talk to him.,3.0,3.0
Very passionate about the topic, passes that to the student. He's funny, makes occasional jokes. Very humble guy, treats students as friends. Very social. His teaching is practical and straight forward. Many real-life application examples. Easy to attend and understand class. Encourages attendance and interaction. Exams are from class material.,5.0,1.0
Enjoys teaching and it shows. Easy to understand and great if you go to his office,5.0,2.0
Nice person but sleeps during the presentations!! Come on Dawes.. we spend days preparing those presentations for the project that took us 4 months to complete.. the least you can do is stay awake and show some interest..,4.0,2.0
Dawes likes to go on really random tangents, which is only a problem on review days when we talk about dead mathematicians instead of the material being tested. Other than that he's an excellent professor, he makes the material very interesting, and is very helpful.,3.5,2.0
a great teacher, gets you to think and to learn his course, ignore all complaints they are from people who don't how to study. If you understand the material (and it shouldn't take more than half a day to do that) then you will ace his exams. if you don't understand, he will help you if u just ask,5.0,1.0
He is so confusing... his notes are so unorganized. he is so all over the place. He drives me insane.,1.0,5.0
Best prof I've had,5.0,3.0
Great guy. Quite friendly and willing to help.,4.0,3.0
One of the best professor!! High recommended!!,5.0,2.0
Good Prof. Creative Tests.,4.5,2.0
Great Prof, probably the best I had at this school,5.0,2.0
For a guy who doesn't prepare more than a week in advance of a class he's never taught before, in a subject he doesn't study exclusively, he's fantastic.,4.5,3.0
Great course, AWESOME prof! He's a great guy, inside and outside class...as long as you don't have anything against fanny packs.,5.0,1.0
This professor is a genius,5.0,1.0
Takes a course that could otherwise be dry and difficult, and makes it fun and easy to understand.,5.0,2.0
With such boring subject matter, he does a great job. Always available outside of class, he is a genuinely nice prof -- the kind I wish all were like!,4.5,2.0
Excellent teacher. Enjoy the fun snip bits at the end of his class,5.0,3.0
genuine, funny, interesting, and challenging,4.0,4.0
Great CS teacher!!,5.0,4.0
great prof,5.0,2.0
Dawes knows how to keep things intersting, moving and how to relate to students!,5.0,1.0
Great guy, tells funny stories.,5.0,2.0
people told me to take his class, then he turned out to be horrible,1.5,4.0
If for no other reason, take CISC just for the privelege of being in his class.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Fair,2.5,2.0
fo shizzle,4.0,3.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
Dawes is a Coputational Master,5.0,3.0
Phone Books Rule!!!!,5.0,3.0
Yay Dr. Dawes!,5.0,3.0
Take this section! He is a great prof!,5.0,4.0
AVOID AT ALL COSTS. Take this course if you're ready for a zero at the end of the semester, it's going to be very exciting. He is always very perfunctory to your emails asking questions.,1.0,5.0
Rate grades according to his mood and no fair.,1.0,5.0
this professor is so bad, no fair, rate grades according to his mood.,1.0,5.0
AVOID AT ALL COSTS. Does not give any clear criteria for grading, does not reply to emails and if he does, he is extremely rude about it. Deducted >15% from my project for missing the deadline by just 5 mins. The project was worth 35% of the entire grade. Teaches us absolutely nothing about whatever he gives the project or the final on.,1.0,5.0
Overall, there is a lack of clear grading criteria but still a good course with interesting topics,4.0,3.0
Avoid at all costs,1.0,5.0
This man genuinely gave me a 1/20 on the final exam, simply because he didn't like the method I used. The results I got from my method were accurate and efficient, but because he didn't like it, and I didn't use the words he wanted, I got a 5% on the FINAL EXAM. Beware of this man, he will tank your GPA.,1.0,4.0
don't know how people praise this guy on the website. He outright refuses to answer emails with questions, and even dodges your questions in person when you try to ask at lectures. He did not give an option for a questions forum in onQ either. can't say anything about the course content since I dropped in first 2 weeks. point is,trash personality,1.0,3.0
All content given in narrated powerpoints. Content admittedly very good - throrough explanations on the topics. Assignments are incredibly fun and satisfying - exploring hacking . Mandatory notetaking on Puresall, a shared notebook app. That part sucks, as we don't know how it's graded. Overall enjoyable but requires constant work put into it.,4.0,2.0
All the data analytics we do is on the platform KNIME which the prof does not teach us how to use. I basically taught myself everything. Whenever I would email to ask a question, he would be very rude about it and gave very little support. We had a big project as one of our deliverables and were given no rubric,2.0,4.0
I was actually fine with this course until the professor began to inject his false personal views into the material. He had an example of misleading data visualization and a few slides down he provides a graph that has the EXACT SAME FLAW as the "bad" example to promote how iphones causes teen depression.,2.0,2.0
This course is totally a DISASTER! Prof did not teach you anything. Just a bunch of dudes without machine learning and big data backgrounds made unorganized presentations. The prof did rarely point out students' mistakes or made technical compliments. It is easily to be mislead! VERY AWFUL COURSE!,1.0,2.0
He is the worst professor in the School of Computing. Don't select any of his courses He never cares about how much the student can learn from the course. Doing his assignments won't give any help for your exam. Not a fair course.,1.0,1.0
Very bad course. Prof just taught very basic normalization and svm knowledge. The rest of class are all about presentations by students. It is hard to learn from this course because some presenters obviously reported false results but prof did not care! Prof forced students to choose DL topics although himself is apparently lack of knowledge of DL.,1.0,1.0
This course (by David Skillicorn) was very disappointing where your grades (only based on 5 presentations) would be only graded by other participants. Students reported obvious false result but Prof did not care at all! DO NOT waste time on students without any ML background and prof who did not respect DL! You can learn nothing from the course!!!!,1.0,1.0
Oh man does this guy suck. Probably the smartest, yet worst prof in all of computing. If you say "water" instead of H2O, for example, he'll deduct 9 out of 10 marks and tell you you don't understand the concept. Just a straight up difficult and unreasonable guy, but has potential to be the best prof. Someone get that stick outta there for him pls.,1.0,3.0
Enjoyed going to his lectures with his good sense of humor. However, the class is composed of one large report and the exam. He gave very few instructions on how to do the assignment, then took large amounts of marks off for not following his hidden requirements. Also, didn't teach us how to use the software needed for the class. 1 KNIME LEC PLS!!,4.0,4.0
Course was composed of a single project and final. Went into final without any feedback, grades or expectation of content on final. No rubrics, expectations or standards to meet as a student. Those who ask for guidance are often met with a classic condescending response. Clearly has no interest in teaching, sucks of the life out the topic.,1.0,4.0
He's a fair enough. I was very much struggling till the midterm, then figured it out and emailed me to meet him at his office, advised me to focus on certain things. I worked 24/7 and showed him some progress, finally I got an A-. It is not defn an easy course, not for lazy students. Some people like but most don't. get ready to work.,3.0,4.0
He is a terrible prof. Doesn't seem to enjoy teaching at all and doesn't care about his students. In fact, he treats them as inferior. He has a terrible attitude and is overall pretty intolerable and hard to deal with.,1.0,5.0
It is a graduate course. Nothing will reward you unless you work really hard. It is a really a tough course and a lot of assignments and presentations. Be prepared to work hard, if you want a decent grade. I struggled until, mid of the term, then i picked it up, got A- by working very intense.,3.0,4.0
David Skillicorn lectures are confusing. He just follows his notes while attempting to translate them on the board. He makes rude comments with regards to students academic performance. A suggestion, if he is reading this, would be to create animations for conceptually difficult algorithms. Keep on algorithming LOL,2.0,4.0
Terrible professor who really doesn't teach anything, very theory-heavy. You're pretty much on your own to figure out the assignment and group project.,1.0,4.0
Amazing Lectures Caring,5.0,3.0
He's tough but he's also the clearest prof in all of Computing I've gotten and I'm now in second semester in 2nd year. For anyone who understands at average speed, he's perfect. He teaches clearly and at an average pace then grades you on it. He's great,3.5,4.0
He won't give any feedback how you doing during the course. Mostly doesn't care helping students . Try to show some fancy stuff with your work even if that doesn't matter to your project or assignment , he would be happy.,1.0,3.0
Super interesting class, this guy really knows his stuff.,4.5,4.0
Most insincere person ive ever met, just doesn't care about helping students. whenever you ask him a question, his answers are usually as if the answer should be obvious, even though for most people this is a completely new topic and arent sure. Do not recommend taking this course with him as the prof.,2.0,5.0
CISC 101 was the worst class I have ever taken. The labs are extremely difficult compared to what we look at in class. The midterm was brutal, half the class failed and when I approached my professor about the difficulty, he simply did not care and suggested that I did not study enough. Avoid this course at all costs.,2.0,5.0
this year's midterm is not like it used to be. Hard labs.,2.0,5.0
He makes his expectations clear in the first lecture. He expects you to look up stuff yourself sometimes to be prepared for some stuff in labs and the midterm. He even gave us the website that has all of the information. I recommend having a couple of friends in the class to correct each others' coding. Sometimes you don't see where you went wrong.,4.0,3.0
He gets questions on the test that he didn't go throughexplain. He expects students to be informative.,2.5,4.0
He is very detailed. All materials are uploaded, which is very helpful for students who have no experience in cs like me. The labs are a bit hard and take time to understand. He expects students to prepare well before going to labs. Like his accent. Good so far.,4.0,3.0
,4.5,3.0
Awesome prof, audio is posted online with lecture notes (no text). Dr. Skillcorn had a clear way of explaining concepts. The class also had a data mining theme which I thought was fantastic. Labs are challenging but not so bad if you're prepared. Students who did poorly didn't stay on top of the material. I highly recommend this prof for CISC 101.,5.0,3.0
A great professor, explains things very thoroughly and clearly, to the extent of sometimes being redundant but it does get the point through. Also, everything is uploaded so you can basically attend the lectures again at home. Comes with the extra bonus of a lovely accent and joking.,5.0,2.0
I've heard how terrible he was and did not want to take this class. But he turned out to be a great prof! For the first half of the semester or so :) Then the assignments became vague, he was expecting stuff that he has never shown in class. The final was a killer :( But the stuff is interesting, and he knows what he's talking about.,4.5,5.0
Failed 27% of his class, which shows exactly how well he can get the material through to students. The CISC department should really look into teaching their teachers to teach.,3.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
he's fun to listen to and explains things VERY CLEARLY, if you listen his lectures that is. i hear the course is easier in the winter term. but if you do end up in his class, you will hear fun expressions like "merry hell" "concrete life vests" and "is this an appropriate outfit for church?",4.0,5.0
Sadistic is an understatement.,2.0,5.0
He is a wonder, makes students confused,1.0,4.0
My favourite prof this term, he knows how to deliver a clear and effective lecture, and he knows the course material through and through. Great course too, very important material for any computing scientist to know.,5.0,3.0
Sadistic ****,1.0,5.0
Terrible course. Bad prof.,1.0,5.0
Great material, and he knows it indepth. Hard to understand his assignments,4.0,3.0
What's alphar, beetar and sigmur? I don't have any idear! Avoid at all cos,1.0,4.0
No Comments,2.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
Monotone voice, hard to listen to, thinks you're stupid.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
Hard, but good prof,3.0,4.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
Great course, great prof!,5.0,1.0
Good prof, make sure you read his material!,3.0,3.0
Was very competent and caring,5.0,3.0
I remember her. She was very friendly and helpful. Lectures were clear and interesting,5.0,4.0
Knew her stuff,5.0,3.0
Was always helpfull,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Felt like she didn't want to be there herself...,1.0,4.0
Was absent for a lot of lectures, did not teach any of what was on her exam,1.0,4.0
extremely vague and unhelpful,1.5,4.0
lectures = no relevence to anything in exams or life.,1.0,5.0
Very unclear, in class, and in exams.,1.0,4.0
-progression of thought during lectures is sporadic, and lecture slides have equations thrown everywhere without any explanation or clear structure -unclear grading schemes and expectations -untimely return of assignments, very little feedback given, error-filled solution sets -very big ego despite not having the teaching skills to back it up...,1.0,5.0
Good prof who cares a lot about this students. Good notes and examples. Make sure you attend lectures because the concepts are challenging. Would take again!,5.0,3.0
Amazing prof, good lesson plans, and good feedback.,5.0,4.0
Exam questions reflect class examples and homework problems. Prepare to think - pattern recognition will not be enough. Very good instructor.,4.0,4.0
Lectures had little explanation and consisted mostly of examples. The final exam was very hard, as it had questions unlike everything that we had done before, and the multiple choice required concepts that were not explained well in class.,1.0,4.0
You learn in his classes. He pays attention to every single detail and likes to make sure you have learnt new concepts.,5.0,4.0
Very good lecturer. Fair quizzes. Unfairly long and hard final exam. Avoid if possible.,3.0,4.0
Not very clear. He confuses more than helps students.,1.0,4.0
Great Prof! One of the best, easy to understand, engages the students with good examples. Fair exams,5.0,2.0
My initial impression of Dr. Ioannidis was really positive. He was the professor for the tutorial section and taught in a way which made students think differently about the material. However, things went downhill after he took over the lecture component. Notes were slightly disorganized. The final was the hardest thing I've ever written.,3.0,5.0
Takes forever to mark and hand back exams. Good prof, gets excited about certain topics but is a bit confusing at times.,2.5,4.0
everyone says that he is a killer!,2.0,4.0
Never received grades back for any assignments or the final project. Class was confusing and not much guidance was given. Midterm average was not very high for a technical elective. Final exam was very hard.,2.0,5.0
His final was so long. You would have needed excel to complete it and he did not even mention the use of excel.,2.5,5.0
He is making things complicated in class,2.5,5.0
The most encouraging professor I've ever had. He is a humble man don't be afraid to approach him.,5.0,3.0
He brings out his material the way you want to give up his course. learning curve was not steep, it was out of dimension. I would definitely benefit more from his class if I was given more resources and practice questions with solutions that are appropriate. I like him as a person, but I don't believe he knows what students need.,2.5,5.0
Assignment due in 2 weeks, by teaches the material a day before it is due He also comes up with weird projects and all the lab materials provided are not working Overall try to avoid him if you can. Take that into considerations when choosing TEs in 3B and 4th year.,2.5,5.0
I am a good student and always do my work but that seems to be useless with this professor. This is the hardest course I have taken and he is the worst professor I've ever had. Very mean, disrespectful, and unfair in his testing. When I ask for help, he laughs and makes me feel stupid. I hope I never have him again.,2.0,5.0
He's a great teacher, although he can get off track from time to time. His exam is also very difficult and he's known to fail a lot of people. Be prepared.,4.0,5.0
Offers lots of necessary help outside of class time. Very difficult course and content. He is extremely condescending, rude and disrespectful. Not a good guy.,3.5,5.0
Best Prof. Explains in a perfect way. But except hard exams,5.0,5.0
One of the Best Prof. I have ever met. very professional and helpful.,5.0,5.0
worst prof ever. i attended all his lectures and my concepts were clear but he gave an impossible final exam. he did not even bother to reply or see me after that.,1.0,5.0
Great prof! Always tries to ensure that everyone understands the course inside out. Also very helpful outside of class, his exams aren't the easiest but it is the teaching that matters the most!,5.0,1.0
Amazing Prof,5.0,4.0
Very difficult prof. Go to all lectures, do all the assignments, and you would still probably fail the final. Good luck, you'll need it.,3.0,5.0
Horrible. He teaches all with math, so it takes a lot of work to understand him. I left every class with a headache it was so complex. Makes concepts a lot harder than they need to be. Makes you feel stupid when you ask questions. Very forgetful and doesn't feel remorse when forgetting information in examples or dates of assignments/exams,2.5,5.0
enthusiastic prof, but very confusing. he frequently forgets to give you all the numbers. expect his exams to be hell. it's not like you can get away if you're in chem eng, so just study really really hard (this is coming from someone who gets low 80s to low 90s),3.5,4.0
He can be a little intimidating, but he really does just want you to learn. If you're enthusiastic he will be too. Expect the final to be hell, all in all though he's a great prof.,4.0,5.0
AWESOME!,5.0,4.0
Never go to him for help. He makes you feel stupid. If you ask a question because you don't understand something, he'll assume that you never attended his classes.,2.5,4.0
****!****!****!****!****!****!****!****!****!****!****!****!****!****!****!****!****!****!****!****!****!****!****!****!,2.0,3.0
He's cool. Funky accent that took some time to decifer but in the end he's alright.,2.5,4.0
bad,1.0,5.0
Horrible Prof for the Labs. Explanations are not at all clear and makes it harder than it is by going on and on. Really needs to think his teaching methods over. Students are scared to ask him for help because of his rude way of answering.,1.0,5.0
i dun understand him........ he's crazy and he likes failing ppl and he's a non-believer of cell-curve,1.0,5.0
made tht course livinng hell for me, doesnt know his stuff, stupid ****,1.0,5.0
I love this guy!!,5.0,4.0
A great Prof, a beautiful human being, a really hot guy.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
He is the Greek god of thermodynamics. Knows his**** and expects a lot out of students. However, he is flexible to changing due dates and marking scemes, just ask. And if the course is boring at least he is nice to look at.,5.0,4.0
What a Greek Gangsta, looks like he is in a mafia. That aside, I like him as a person, but not as a professor. Made you feel stupid if you asked him a question that he thought was easy, not willing to help, the young TA's are MUCH better!!!,3.0,3.0
Not only he doesnt know how to teach but also he is arrogant. He says he is a God! He never gives part marks.. and he hates questions to be asked. He is never willing to help. He will yell at you if go ask for help or extra explainations. He is the worst prof ever.,1.0,5.0
talks about lessons in life when u go ask for extra help after midterm,3.0,4.0
very unorganized. yells when asked for help.,1.5,5.0
Great prof, makes the class worth going to.,4.5,3.0
crazy guy! not helpful! believes everyone should be up to his level! ideeeoticc!,1.0,5.0
Think you are funny??? Well, you are NOT!!! This middle finger is for you!,4.0,5.0
He's an ****,3.0,5.0
Good prof. Likes to dance. Loves chemistry.,5.0,4.0
Does this jive?,4.5,3.0
plays a MEAN accordian......,4.0,2.0
acts very serious but his accent makes it hard to take him seriously,4.5,2.0
oh Mario!,4.0,4.0
to the point, funney, love the accent , on his own time zone, bald and sexy!,4.5,3.0
Great lab, i thoroughly enjoyed it,4.5,2.0
Apparently dislikes monkey business.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
No Comments,4.5,4.0
She taught me 1st year calculus through distance education. Excellent teacher, very clear, made the subject easy to understand and interesting.,5.0,3.0
She is amazing,5.0,1.0
Taught me calculus three years ago, absolutely the best math teacher going. The other older math professors should pay attention to what she does. She beats them all. If only she taught linear algebra too...,5.0,3.0
Wonderful! Takes her time, has super clear notes and makes fair exams. I wish we had her for all math courses.,5.0,2.0
Made things easier to learn. Loved the bread example for integration. Is it possible to make Calculus interesting and fun?,4.0,2.0
Greatest ever, good looking, clear, enjoyable. Learned so much from her. Would have her teach me anything!,5.0,3.0
very very VERY hot! but maybe a little too hot for her own good! makes it difficult to concentrate!,4.5,3.0
Fabulous prof. Take any course she is teaching.,5.0,3.0
Knows her material. She is extreamly clear and thourough in her explanations. Just an all around excellent lecturer.,5.0,3.0
ambidexterous, that's for sure; oh, knows her stuff and can teach it too...wow!,5.0,2.0
Lovely, relavent and clear. Perhaps the best Math professor I will ever have.,5.0,3.0
Best prof ever! i would skip my calc to go to hers... and she has nice ****.....,5.0,2.0
Very clear, organized, RELEVANT examples. Exams model assignments exactly.,5.0,4.0
No doubt, an excellent prof,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
First calculus course I've ever actually understood. Hurray for Ruth!,5.0,2.0
Too bad there isn't a Ruth teaching EVERY Calc class this year:(,5.0,2.0
Compared to the other profs teaching the course, she's the best of them all!,5.0,4.0
She was a great prof for Math 107. Too bad I failed 108...,5.0,2.0
She was my calc prof in 1st yr... and she was the best!! Made 1st yr less scary,5.0,3.0
She can write with both hands!! WOW!!,5.0,3.0
She can write with both hands.. very CoOl~!,5.0,2.0
Excellent!!!!!! Really understand her stuff,5.0,3.0
She's an actual teacher, and it shows.,5.0,4.0
Best prof everrrr.,5.0,3.0
She was the sexiest prof. I've had, (prolly 'cause i'm an engineer) go figure...,5.0,3.0
My first math prof at UW and by far the best. Incredibly clear explanations.,5.0,3.0
5 yrs ago she went out of her way to help me pass Calc. She is great!,5.0,3.0
Is there anything Ruth can't do? I don't think so!,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,5.0
This woman has amazing talents!,4.0,5.0
The good thing about Dr. Ehab courses is the easy exams. Attending the lectures only is enough to answer the exam problems. He always also adds extra points her and there ensuring that students are happy with their grades. He definitely cares about his students.,5.0,1.0
Such a great prof, his lecture was really organized. He definitely care about his student too.,5.0,3.0
Really good professor who knows what he's talking about. Explains difficult concepts clearly.,5.0,3.0
Best professor I have had at the University of Waterloo. Lectures were clear and very engaging. Exams were challenging but students were well prepared due to the excellent teaching of the course.,5.0,3.0
Excellent Prof. The course itself is not easy. This isn't a course where you can just read the lecture notes and not go to class. The prof explains in details during lectures and answers all your questions. Overall just a great course and a great prof.,5.0,3.0
Very good prof - articulate, knowledgeable, and respected. Multiple choice on the exams is the only stumbling block in this course as the exams are otherwise fairly easy.,4.0,1.0
Amazing prof. Extremely clear explanations throughout the course. Great examples and clearly knows his stuff.,4.5,3.0
Definitely best professor that's taught me. If you have him you're lucky. Makes hard material seem easy just by how clear and organised he is during the lectures. Teaches with passion. Funny and helpful. Engages the class and challenges it. You can't not love him and not love his course. TA's were good as well and very helpful. Labs are fun.,4.5,3.0
Lectures are great, even long ones feel shorter due to the fact that he seems to prepare well and keeps your attention the whole time. He explains things multiple times so whenever you hear something that explains a concept well, I'd suggest writing it down since you likely won't hear it better explained from the textbook or your classmates.,5.0,3.0
Amazing prof for a subject that is tough, but super useful for your career,5.0,4.0
Fantastic time doing MTE320 with him. Thorough in the topics, teaches with passion, interest and an understanding from the students POV. Makes the subject very fun, interactive, and interesting. Sets up field trips for students to learn about real app's of transformers. Gives you enough opportunity to become thorough in the subject.,4.5,2.0
Amazing lecturer for a generally complex topic. Knows the material very well and explains questions and answers at an appropriate level. Definitely one of the very best professors you can have at UW,4.5,3.0
Very clear and concise lectures. Knowledge of the topics is excellent. Lectures lack excitement, but do teach the material well. Assignments and exams are sometimes worded ambiguously or confusingly.,4.5,2.0
Excellent professor. Knows his stuff and willing to help.,3.5,4.0
Well organized course structure. Tricky but fair examinations, but graded and weighted in the best interest of the students. Genuinely cares about the class and their learning process. The course had tough concepts but were made easy to understand due to his outstanding teaching methods. Overall, the best professor in the MTE3A semester.,5.0,2.0
Excellent Professor, but when it comes to clarifying specifics can be very unclear or confusing.,3.0,4.0
Couldn't be a better guy.,5.0,4.0
Really good prof, knows his stuff,4.0,2.0
Great prof, really clear,4.5,3.0
Great prof, clear and concise. Makes learning circuits pretty straightforward. Exams are a bit challenging but overall you'll be fine if you take it seriously.,5.0,3.0
Great prof, smart guy, we even had a field trip.,5.0,3.0
he's awesome,4.5,3.0
Here's a man who knows how to teach. Tricky exams, but fair. Show up to all classes and you will do well.,4.5,4.0
Great professor. Very clear, explains concepts very well. Knows his stuff. The best lecturer I've had in all of uni so far.,4.5,4.0
Great professor who engages students through lectures, labs, and even field trips. Lectures are very organized and tests reflect course content.,5.0,4.0
Great professor. Cares about student success.,5.0,4.0
Awesome, clear notes. Gives course notes too!,4.5,3.0
Crystal clear lectures. Shifts weighting fairly. 5% bonus marks for doing optional quizzes!,5.0,3.0
Professor El-Saadany is by far my favourite professor at the University of Waterloo. He really wants you to do well, and to understand the concepts. He is always there to help you if you need it. exams are tough but he expects his students to be able to step up to the challenge. is also very fair with shifting the weight of exams or finals dependin,4.0,4.0
Great prof! Has nice eyes ;),5.0,4.0
Incredible Prof. Lucky to have him. Lectures are amazing.,5.0,4.0
Great at explaining concepts. The exams are difficult, though he helps out by having labs and assignments worth a decent bit (and they are quite easy).,5.0,4.0
Very helpful professor that is always willing to go the extra mile for his students. Couldn't have asked for a better prof.,5.0,3.0
Very useful course, and lots of practice is required to do well.,5.0,5.0
Prof. El-Saadany teaches the course very well. He knows circuits like the back of his hand and explains it excellently too (one without the other is pretty useless). He is very approachable in and out of class and also treats the class fairly when it comes to grading systems. Overall I am very glad that HE taught my class.,5.0,4.0
El-Saadany is like a mafia boss. If you mess with him and skip his lectures, you will get rekt. If you follow his teachings though, he will lead you to the riches.,4.0,4.0
This prof's a boss! Very fair and helpful.,4.5,3.0
Amazing Prof!!,5.0,2.0
He teaches very clearly and has good explanations to all question.,5.0,3.0
Although the course was difficult, he was a great and clear prof. I met with him to discuss a personal design project and he stayed an hour past his usual office hours helping me. Very approachable and very nice.,5.0,2.0
One of the best teachers I have ever had! Looking forward to having him again in upper years,5.0,3.0
Awesome prof!,5.0,2.0
Really good circuits prof. Explained everything very clearly,5.0,3.0
A great professor. Very helpful and very passionate. Does his best to make sure you get a good great.,5.0,3.0
Very nice prof,5.0,2.0
Great professor! Although the hardness level between the in class examples and exams were quite high, but he is very friendly professor and I can see he's very passionate about teaching this course. He would tell us about how our course materials is related to real world circuit applications.,5.0,2.0
Coming in to this class I hated circuits, now my opinion has changed completely! Excellent professor!,5.0,2.0
Fantastic prof! Really glad that I was able to learn from him. Goes over concepts as many times as it's necessary so you have a firm basis.,5.0,2.0
Very good prof,4.5,4.0
Amazing professor. Clear, informative and very to the point. You won't find many better than him. Pay attention in his class and you will learn,5.0,3.0
Challenging and Fun. Learned a lot. Wish he taught more materials,5.0,2.0
Ehab is a great professor and teaches concepts really well. He ensures your basics are rock solid,4.0,4.0
He is an amazing prof. He knows what he is teaching inside and out. Although he does speak at a fast pace, he provides notes that you can print and use to follow along with in class.,5.0,3.0
Makes sure you actually understand the content. Goes over a lot of examples in class in order to prepare you. Exams are a little but tough but he's really fair with his marking.,5.0,2.0
Clear lectures and fair prof. Knows his stuff inside and out.,5.0,2.0
El-Saadany is a top notch, very professional mentor, and a hell of a professor. he is very willing to provide help, and is determined to have his students succeed.,5.0,3.0
Excellent prof. Writes really hard and long exams.,4.0,5.0
Very good and informative,5.0,3.0
TA's were very helpful,4.0,4.0
Makes the course very easy and interesting.,5.0,2.0
Despite course being difficult, he taught the course very well. The man knows his concepts inside out and is very fair when it comes to final marks. Hopefully teaches upper year courses as well.,5.0,2.0
Amazing professor. Lectures were very informative and his explanations were very clear.,5.0,1.0
One of the best professors I have ever had. Class is engaging, material is fair and content is very useful,5.0,2.0
Great experience.,4.5,2.0
Good Prof, interesting lectures, difficult final,5.0,3.0
Very clear on theories taught in class though not as much complicated amalgamations. Overall a very good prof that's willing to help when/if you need help with the course. Course itself is very hard but he makes it simpler by relating and being precise.,4.5,2.0
Excellent teaching, but tough course.,4.0,4.0
Amazing! Very clear :),5.0,3.0
He cares about students and teaches really well,5.0,3.0
Great prof. Good, clear explanations. He's super helpful and nice. Definitely one of the best profs I've had.,5.0,2.0
great prof,4.5,3.0
pretty cool guy,4.5,3.0
Awesome prof. That's all that's needed.,5.0,4.0
awesome teacher, mechatronics 1B was great,5.0,2.0
Hard course but fair. Well taught and it was clear he was interested in teaching.,4.5,4.0
ok,5.0,1.0
Awesome prof. His explanations of key concepts are always very clear. Not overly easy but very fair.,5.0,2.0
Ehab is an amazing proffesor. He has taught us twice in 3 years and those two courses are the ones I have loved in those respective academic terms. His lectures are extremely helpful and clear. The best part is he knows circuits in and out. He also arranged a field trip for us to see a real life application of transformers in the industry. The best,5.0,4.0
Definitely a no BS kinda guy. Tough course but he is extremely fair.,5.0,4.0
one of the best prof i have seen during my undergrad,5.0,3.0
Dope prof.,5.0,2.0
Very Good Professor.,4.5,2.0
Really good teacher and extremely fair in marking. Learned a lot.,5.0,4.0
One of the best professors at U of Waterloo,5.0,4.0
Course seems easy, until you hit the final exam, where he pulls out every trick imaginable to confuse you. On top of that, the examination questions are worded poorly, which adds to the confusion.,4.0,4.0
A fair man,5.0,3.0
Very clear and one of the best professors out there.,5.0,3.0
Interesting labs and helpful assignments,4.5,3.0
very clear,5.0,3.0
Best circuits prof you can ask for.,5.0,1.0
assignments do not reflect what is taught and is dependent on your previous knowledge from other courses.,1.0,5.0
I greatly enjoyed this course. I learned a lot and had some fun doing it. With all honesty the lectures were some of the best I have ever seen very easy to follow and very comprehensive. Overall amazing class with an even more amazing professor!,4.5,2.0
Excellent prof. The only professor you can learn from in 3A mechatronics,4.5,3.0
In my time at waterloo thus far I have never had a better prof. He's clear, articulate, very confident in his teaching and is very helpful. I have learned a lot in this course and would love to have him as a professor again!,5.0,2.0
Awesome prof! One of the best since first year.,5.0,1.0
Good prof,4.0,3.0
Amazing, best prof of all time! Clear explanations, organized lectures, very passionate!,5.0,3.0
Clear explanations, wonderful teaching, though sometimes skips vital steps in solving and calculation that can put one in confusing for a while whereas goes through complete steps in other easier problems where it is seemingly unnecessary.,4.0,2.0
Knows material very well and even spends time reviewing what you should have known from previous courses. Class questions are usually answered with superb detail and clarity. Hardest part of tests are MC which can be easy if you know the root causes/solutions to why things are inefficient and what has been done to improve them.,5.0,3.0
Awesome prof. Very clear explanations.,5.0,2.0
Excellent Prof. He really knows his stuff and speaks with a lot of confidence while teaching. Goes over hard material over again to make sure you understand it. Exams are fair and reflect course. Also has a sense of humor. Overall one of the best profs I've had at UW so far.,5.0,3.0
Very helpful, excellent teaching, provides all notes online. Raised my interest level in the course a lot.,4.5,3.0
Great prof who explains things clearly and exams are very similar to assignments and course work. Online notes are great.,5.0,2.0
Awesome proff. Awesome Attitude. Labs kinda suck but his lectures are definitly worth attending.,5.0,5.0
Amazing Prof. Very clear lectures, and really made circuits interesting. Exams are fair. Maybe on the harder side of 'Fair', but still considered very fair. Makes the course very challenging.,5.0,3.0
The professor is extremely clear and concise in his teaching. One of the best I've had!,5.0,2.0
Excellent prof, clear and concise. Pay attention and you can't go wrong.,5.0,2.0
Fantastic prof, best one I've had all year. Really encourages students to think. Excellent explanations.,5.0,2.0
One of the best profs I've ever had. Explains the subject extremely well. Everything he said was very clear and concise. Notes are also amazing.,5.0,2.0
Ehab has a very straight forward, organized teaching style and he truly knows his field. I would recommend this class to anyone interested in learning about power electronics.,5.0,3.0
Great Prof! You should go to all of his classes/lectures/tutorials,5.0,4.0
Great Prof! Understands exactly how to explain concepts to students. He knows that we don't understand something just with the look on our faces; and he attempts to make us understand. Very approachable and exams are fair.,5.0,3.0
Awesome prof. He made everything very clear and his note is all that you need to understand his course. Attending lectures are very recommended. Exams are fair and closely related to assignments,5.0,2.0
Very clear and interesting lectures. Manages to make the content interesting and easy to understand.,4.5,3.0
Great Professor. Explains concepts well, online notes are awesome. Only prof to offer us an optional field trip to a transformer manufacturing facility. Really cares about students, and works hard to get them to understand the concepts of the course.,4.5,3.0
great prof with clear lessons. well organized,4.5,3.0
Great Prof! Made so much sense while teaching. I didn't have to read the book or online notes (yes he has lectures online). Even with the lecs online, I still came to class.,4.5,3.0
Very clear and concise. His notes are also well put together.,5.0,1.0
He knows his material really well. An overall solid prof. He's really smart, answers questions concisely and with ease. He controls the class well and cracks some good jokes every so often =),5.0,3.0
Explanations are very clean. Very enthusiastic about the course. Best prof for Circuits!,5.0,3.0
Caring, clear and concise. His lectures are brisk paced, but informative and well planned out, with many helpful examples. Excellent professor overall!,5.0,2.0
Excellent prof, exams were fair and challenging. Enjoyed lectures very much and the field trip. No assigned textbook,4.5,3.0
Genuis. Very simple and clear. Concepts are tough though. Really cared about us.,5.0,3.0
He is a very nice guy, and professor. Be careful with his tests.,4.0,4.0
Easy to understand, explains everything fully while maintaining a brisk pace, very open to feedback, knows the inverse cosine of 0.6 by heart.,5.0,3.0
Excellent professor!,5.0,3.0
Amazing professor. Teaches complicated concepts very clearly. I enjoyed attending his classes very much.,5.0,3.0
Honestly, he's a really nice guy and good professor. I wish I did better in his class, but that was completely my own fault. Just be warned when he says "You are up for the challenge!".,5.0,3.0
Absolutely great professor. Enjoys teaching the class very much. Knows his material greatly and has a great interest in his work. Being a part of this class is enjoyable as well as mentally challenging, in a good way. Has a good sense of humour also.,5.0,3.0
An absolutely brilliant professor!,5.0,2.0
Explains well. Can write bigger and go through examples slower.,4.0,3.0
Explanations were very clear when explaining difficult concepts and difficult concepts were also repeated several times for clarity.,4.5,3.0
There are things you do with a class to make it awesome. He does all those things,5.0,3.0
Awesome professor. not at all a cake walk, but explains things clearly multiple times and progresses through material in a very logical way. What better way to teach a circuits class!,4.5,3.0
Excellent professor, made the concepts quite clear.,4.5,3.0
lectures provide good explanation of concepts and provide good practice examples. online course notes are extremely useful. exams clearly reflects course material (does not mean its easy),5.0,3.0
Very clear examples, concepts explained in a clear fashion,5.0,3.0
Great prof. Clear explanations.,5.0,3.0
Very good prof. Hard class but he is very good at teaching.,4.5,5.0
Amazing teacher!,5.0,3.0
Encourage student to think about the problems. He explains and teaches circuits very well.,5.0,2.0
Clear and concise, fair exams, no need of textbook, makes sure that everybody is on same page.Best prof ever in Waterloo.,5.0,3.0
Mix of humor and education. Very nice and effective approach to teaching. Thank you very much.,5.0,1.0
Best Circuits professor uwaterloo could ever have,5.0,2.0
The best circuits prof.,4.0,5.0
Best prof ever,4.5,2.0
Amazing prof. He's great at explaining concepts and drilling down to the examples!,5.0,3.0
Great Prof. Explains everything so clearly and answers students' questions without any hesitation.,5.0,3.0
He's an amazing professor. Explains thigs very clearly. Often approaches questions very well and clarifies doubts very easily. He is well knowledged about the topic, is very passionate about it, and will explain if you don't get anything. His exams are fair, and he gives you a chance to score well. I like him, and rate him as a very good prof.,4.5,3.0
A very good professor. He will go over things until everyone understands, and can cover a heavy course curriculum well. The labs and CDTs could have used his presence more since they were a bit disorganized.,4.5,3.0
One of the best profs in 3A mechatronics.,5.0,4.0
Great prof, consistent, fair and to the point. Amazing notes, both in class and online, exams reflect assignments and notes.,5.0,3.0
Good prof . just keep up with course content or you'll fall behind. exam questions were a bit tricky otherwise excellent prof i really liked him,5.0,4.0
A very good professor! Together with his team of TA's it's very easy to easily get threw the course without much issues.,4.5,2.0
Really an excellent Professor. Makes sure that students understand the concepts well. Gives an excellent challenge to students that encourages learning.,5.0,2.0
MTE320 - Fair, clear,straight to the point and with derivations. Will teach you the material with no bs and no wasting of your time. One of the best profs I had at Waterloo.,5.0,3.0
He is the current source in my circuit. Without him, the current in my life would be zero and I would not be able to pass. Seriously though, he is a really good and efficient teacher. Sometimes he talks a little too fast but a little review will help clear any confusion. He is very reasonable and the assessments are very fair.,4.5,3.0
A great professor. He might be a bit fast in class sometimes and it'll all come at you in a large load, but he'll give a lot of examples to make things clear. Anyone would be lucky to have him.,5.0,3.0
Good teaching methodologies, clear notes. Helps understand concepts with multiple examples.,4.5,2.0
Amazing prof. Really knows what he is talking about. Didnt realize how much i learned till I did a work term.,5.0,2.0
Amazing prof! Makes everything very clear to understand. I understood more from his review of circuits in the beginning of the course than what I learned in my previous circuits courses. Definitely the best prof I had in my 3 years of engineering so far.,5.0,2.0
Pretty good, goes through a lot of content quickly.,3.0,4.0
A very clear and helpful professor. His exams are heavily based on concepts (as opposed to simple calculations), and sometimes are tricky, but he teaches you what you need to do well. DO NOT FALL BEHIND because he moves at a fast pace.,4.5,4.0
He is absolutely amazing. You just need to go to the class and everytime the class is like watching the most favourite movie. He is that good. His exams are fair,5.0,3.0
excellent professor,5.0,2.0
Fantastic Professor! Truly engaging and passionate about not only the course material but also about teaching it to the students. One of my greatest professors!,5.0,4.0
Awesome prof, I wish every other prof was like him. He talks fast but if you pay attention you learn so much. His exams are fair.,5.0,3.0
great professor,5.0,4.0
We had this professor for the Spring 2011 term. This guy is a CHAMP. He is one of the best teachers I have had in my undergraduate program. It is not that he knows the material, its that he is just a really genuine and sincere person. He made the class laugh and interested.,5.0,4.0
This is probably the best prof I've had. His notes are amazing, there is no need for a textbook. He keeps the class interested and he knows the material really well. His exams are really fair.,5.0,2.0
He is well prepared and knowledgeable professor I ever had. Simply the best professor in University of Waterloo,5.0,2.0
Awesome prof! Communicates really well and obviously enjoys teaching. Very helpful in tutorials and wants to help you get the best mark you can (switched over 10% weighting from the midterm to the final if you do better on it).,5.0,1.0
Easily the best prof at Waterloo.,5.0,3.0
Too bad there's no two chili peppers!!!,4.5,3.0
World class Prof.,4.5,3.0
Absolutely incredible Prof... They need to clone this guy and have him teach any and all other courses. Makes hard concepts easy, fair exams and he speaks English well... Can't say enough about him.,5.0,2.0
Excellent at explaining concepts in a course that requires quite a bit of work and a semi-decent level of understanding.,4.0,3.0
Great prof, very clear, learnt a lot, loved his lectures.,5.0,2.0
Excellent prof. Doesn't mind explaining things over and over if someone doesn't understand. Actually has a sense of humour as well.,5.0,3.0
Good prof: good pace, repeats if something is tricky (or sometimes even simple). Generally fair mid-term, except dumb when multiple choice is re-used from old-midterms.,4.0,3.0
Amazing prof; a collectible :P :P,5.0,4.0
Great prof. His lectures run at a very steady, fast pace. If you take notes you will be busy from start to finish. However he offers online course notes which are a great help. He focuses on practical application. Derivations and proofs are kept to a minimum, and the lectures are approximately half problem examples.,4.5,3.0
Very interested in having students learn the material.,5.0,3.0
An excellent prof who really makes an effort to ensure you learn the material. Sometimes a little too focused on the final answer and on formulas.,4.5,2.0
He was an excellent prof, his notes were always extremely well organized and easy to follow.,5.0,4.0
Extremley clear, concise and to the point, will answer your question correctly before you finished asking it.,5.0,5.0
Excellent, he makes the books unnecessary. Teaches exceedingly well and ensures people learn about the topics.,5.0,3.0
One of the very few awesome profs I have had so far. His lectures are extremely useful , clear and straight to the point. He has good explanations as well. Attending his lectures is more useful than reading the text book itself.,5.0,1.0
Excellent prof,4.5,4.0
Great at explanations, uses examples to clearly explain theories and concepts instead of wasting a lot of time with numerical examples. Makes solving circuits look very fun and easy.,5.0,4.0
Really good professor/TA's, and an extremely well run course.,5.0,2.0
Excellent summaries at start of lectures. Midterm mostly straightforward, but long, and required too much algebra.,3.5,2.0
One of the best profs I've had in Waterloo. He's VERY clear, and to the point. Very reasonable. I have found his class, one of the most worthwhile to attend. He explains everything well and its much easier to understand than with textbooks. Only complaint I have, is the choice of textbook for the course. Probably only because they don't live,5.0,3.0
One of Waterloo's finest. Makes a lot of resources available and lectures very well. Course is well structured and builds very smoothly. Killer squash player.,5.0,3.0
Certainly one our best professors to date. He takes a genuine interest in the well being of his students.,5.0,3.0
El-Saadany is the man.,4.5,4.0
Very dedicated to his teaching. Always making sure that the students are learning. Probably one of our best profs.,5.0,3.0
He is very open and welcomes questions making sure what he teaches are clear. A very clear prof who makes sure he'll cover the last day materials briefly before starting the day's lesson so every one is on the same page. Great prof.,4.5,3.0
Good Proff,4.0,2.0
El-Saadany is my favourite professor. This is because he is a really effective teacher. He is also very fair, and genuinely interseted in the students. This class makes me proud to be in Mechatronics,5.0,3.0
he's unclear, doesn't like to teach, generally tells people to memorize this, memorize that. He may know his stuff, but he made me hate power and everything that comes with it. Looking forward to not taking power again...,1.0,3.0
Best prof I've had at this university so far. Understands the matrial amazingly and is able to explain them very well. Everything a prof should be...,5.0,2.0
Best organized lectures I've ever seen. Prioritizes teaching concepts rather than presenting examples. If you learn & understand the concepts, his exams aren't that difficult. If you try to just memorize examples, you will get burned. Excellent class-professor relationship.,4.5,2.0
Unclear, and answers questions badly. Less useful than a textbook.,1.0,1.0
His favorite line in every course, and is known for years.. "Come on guys, this is an easy one!"...,4.0,3.0
very clear and organized lectures, very good TAs. technically proficient and nice to talk to outside of class. not an easy course, but doable.,5.0,2.0
Quizes were ridiculously unclear. Classes were ridiculously boring and the final was the longest and most difficult I have ever seen at UW. Don't be decieved by the hype.,3.5,3.0
excellent lecturer... clear, thorough, funny, very receptive to questions... Waterloo Engineering needs more professors like Ehab,5.0,2.0
awesome guy! very clear notes and explanation. willing to spend time out of class. excellent use of the microphone.,5.0,2.0
good notes and he explains things well,5.0,1.0
Amazing Prof. One of the best in ECE till now. Makes a very difficult course easy to understand with lot of great examples. Always available and put extra effort to help his students.,5.0,3.0
Excellent lectures. Clear examples. Great notes. What more could you want?,5.0,3.0
Keenly interested in his students, helpful and understanding. Enjoy teaching!!,5.0,4.0
He knows his stuff. After this course, you'll know your stuff too. Absolutely amazing. Very patient, helpful and great examples.,5.0,3.0
Very nice and helpful, gives great review session. U can assume anything!,4.5,3.0
This Guy's Fair (his TA's mark like ****) take youre exams back 2him 2 fix marks,3.0,3.0
Nice work!,4.5,4.0
The voltage suppliED to the 3 phase balancED system rules!!!,4.5,2.0
Great prof, loves to repeat things... Any questions? any questions.,4.5,3.0
he is very nice and considerate,5.0,3.0
a really good prof, explains throughly and clearly,3.0,3.0
Best prof so far! Ehab rules!,5.0,3.0
Very helpful, very accomodating, good balance of humour and control...,5.0,2.0
Ehab the man. Cool prof. schedualed a lot of extra lectures to help us,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
Not a good teacher but hands out good marks,1.0,3.0
The best prof I've had so far!,5.0,2.0
Excellent teacher,5.0,3.0
a,b,c,d,e,f,g,ETCH,5.0,2.0
Assume Anything,5.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,5.0
No Comments,4.5,1.0
C'mon guys,3.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
come on guys........this is an easy one,4.5,3.0
"Really? You can't do that? That's okay, I know the results anyway",1.0,5.0
ZZZZZZZZZZZZERO! SUPERRRRRRRRRNODE! Ehab is the man.,5.0,1.0
"Esteady Estate Eflow",1.5,3.0
Supernnooode!!!,4.5,2.0
Thanks for the mark boost!,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
good prof!,5.0,3.0
Best, best, best~,5.0,3.0
excellent prof, great examples, good sense of humour too!,4.5,3.0
Hey! what more can you ask for?,5.0,1.0
Good Explainer,4.5,3.0
Amazing prof, one of the best!,5.0,1.0
he passed me! woohoo!,4.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
you da man,4.5,3.0
"If you use loop it'll be hell!",5.0,3.0
The only reason I'm staying in Engineering,5.0,1.0
Classic definition of: "superman" and "interllect",5.0,1.0
No Comments,3.5,2.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
He could be Rodge Mamon's brother,5.0,1.0
The only good teacher I have in 1B (but he is AWESOME),5.0,1.0
He's da man!,5.0,1.0
"It's easy. You just do anything!" WHAT?,2.5,3.0
Most notorious villain of UTSC,1.0,5.0
The lectures were not interesting at all, it was really hard to get through each lecture. He spends a lot of time on examples which sometimes are completely unnecessary. The tutorials were the most useful part of the class. If you are taking his class be aware of the midterms, they are BRUTALLL!!! makes you question all your life decisions.,2.0,5.0
Seems like a nice guy but he teaches PERPENDICULARLY to his tests,2.0,5.0
Funny examples and clear concepts. Didn't get the mark I expected but still a good mark.,5.0,1.0
He is a great prof and his exams are hard but are doable just look at past tests.,4.0,3.0
no comment,4.0,3.0
Pretty good professor. Uses examples to explain theory. Demonstrates concepts with clarity and ease. However, exams are extremely difficult.,3.5,4.0
Jack Parkinson doesn't like rap artist 50 Cent at all. However, he teaches very clearly, is a nice person, and is always available to students.,5.0,4.0
He is not very clear when explaining concepts during class. Exams are HARD.,1.5,5.0
Does good job considering the tough material he teaches. Great in office hours, explains things clearly. BUT has killer exams and very tricky Multi-choice questoins. VERY tricky.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
M/C look easy but are actually tricks he plays & can be costly to your grade.,3.5,4.0
seems nice, but boring lectures and has the worst handwriting,3.0,4.0
Extremely boring, just use past tests,2.5,2.0
One of the better economics professors at UTSC,5.0,2.0
friendly guy but absolutely not a lecturer material,2.0,3.0
very good lecturer, covers the couse material very well,4.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
He is a nice guy and very helpful. down to earth kinda guy.,4.0,2.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
Nice person....but not a great lecturer. Just study out of the textbook,3.0,2.0
alright ... just to let you all know he says the word "right" way too many times,1.5,3.0
This ***** is the biggest idea of a professor i have ever had. Avoid his classe,1.0,5.0
This guy knows **** about the course, teaching material is not related to course,1.0,5.0
Just read book, cos' he just follows whatever inside the book.,1.5,4.0
Go to another prof for your ChE102 lectures. He focuses on all the wrong angles of the topics. Did not help me. Extremely boring lectures.,2.0,4.0
Obviously loves teaching and made chemistry one of my most interesting classes. The notes were really well organized and I like the way he made the material relevant to our discipline.,5.0,4.0
Friendly, but only went over the basics, and sometimes skipped over really important stuff! Do your assignments and read the textbook, because his class is useless and we were way behind. Also talks to the class like we're grade schoolers. Worst prof I had all term; I self-taught the course. -_-;; Unfortunate because I really liked Chem...,1.0,3.0
One of the best professors I've had, easily one of the best teachers I've had.,5.0,3.0
Sweet guy, always nice and that's the one class I didn't skip too often!,5.0,4.0
The best prof I've had so far. He obviously enjoys teaching. He will encourage class participation so sit in the back if you're shy! He is just as friendly outside of the classroom, although he tends to be more serious compared. Do yourself a favour and get to know him outside of the classroom.,5.0,2.0
Amazing person, very friendly, but just didn't get the Chemistry to stick...,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
He's really good, the notes tell you everythinng you need to know, (maybe a bit too much). He helps you understand the concepts and tells you how to use this to do well on exams.,5.0,2.0
He's a good chemistry teacher..knows his stuff and conveys his knowledge to THE student in a fantastic manner!,5.0,1.0
Heads Up! Bet your booty this is the best chem class to be in. If you need a question answered ask roman. The bottom line take home message is that this guys a good guy. Put a green box around that,4.5,4.0
Great Prof. Takes the material in hard course at a speed that students can handle. Covers the concepts well, and provides examples where you might use it in your program.,5.0,2.0
It's a tough course...but if you want anyone to teach it to you, you bet your booties it's him.,4.0,5.0
Knew him outside of class, and he was SO GOOD! . . . No, you sickos, not that. Did research with him before, and he was very helpful and polite and really listens to your comments. Takes teaching seriously.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,4.5,4.0
great prof, knows you outside class, 10+ yrs later still ask him for ref letters,5.0,3.0
Bet your booties he's #1 in Chem eng.,5.0,4.0
Breaks hard concepts down to the level of your background,5.0,3.0
Awesome prof., made the course fun and interesting for me.,4.5,1.0
A little bit too structured at times, but certainly knows chem and teaching.,4.5,2.0
should take off his pants,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
GREAT TEACHER!!!,4.5,2.0
Excellent prof, and makes chemistry fun and interesting.,5.0,3.0
What a great guy!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,5.0
Made staying in chem eng desirable.,4.0,2.0
Now I would like to put a,5.0,2.0
Excellent prof with very GOOD visual aid...,4.5,3.0
He managed to make chemistry my favourite subject.,5.0,2.0
he obviously loves teaching this subject!,4.0,3.0
Quite a guy! Love the pink shirts!,4.5,4.0
Hard marker. Vague rubrics. Feedback can be given faster as some assignments can be improved if feedback was given beforehand.,2.0,4.0
Michael Tam got half the class under failing averages, she brought them back up.,4.0,3.0
Lectures can be stale but a very caring lady.,3.0,4.0
she isn't always clear when lecturing and can be hard to follow,3.0,3.0
Comparing my notes with the textbook, I'd say its pretty similar. Also, there weren't many examples in class.,1.0,3.0
Very nice prof, very organized notes.,3.5,3.0
A really nice and friendly person who will always help you out if you ask her.,4.5,2.0
Very helpful, and usually very nice!,3.5,4.0
She's nice and easy to understand. she hates it when you talk in her class though but if you pay attention you shouldn't have problems with exams or anything,4.0,2.0
Mean-spirited,1.0,5.0
Very helpful TA, would help you in the quizzes, generally an OK helper for this course.,3.5,3.0
A really bad professor, who needs to be fired. She does not speak clearly and her handwriting is illegible. She needs to understand that she is doing a job, which the students pay her to do!!!,1.0,5.0
Very helpul Prof as TA for the tutorials. Practically tells you what to do, but you can still only do it if you know your stuff. She is a very nice person and will never turn you down if you genuinely want to learn.,5.0,2.0
a very very very nice lady. she did an awesome job helping people understand with those tutorial quizes. she was great,4.5,2.0
Prof Moresoli is amazing. She did it all for me this semester. Her aid in tutorials was invaluable, and she was always pleasant and approachable. Still understandable even with stong accent. If your lucky enough to get Moresoli, congratulations.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
A wonderful human being. She really cares. Please treat her with the respect that she deserves!,4.5,3.0
Very helpful and friendly professor.,4.0,2.0
She is really helpful when you seek help. Always smiling and puts in a great effort in helping students. She is prepared to answer questions (unlike other profs...*cough* andre)... and will take the time to do so... but it was still a hard final :(,5.0,4.0
the course is hard, the teacher is great, that's all i can say.,4.5,3.0
Bonjour mes amis. Great prof, always willing to help, especially if u ask her the question in french. AHHH BIEN OUI,3.0,2.0
Excellent Prof; very helpful and knowledgable,4.0,3.0
Appearance can be likened to that of Ms Frizzle, of Magic School Bus fame,4.5,2.0
Not very helpful,1.5,3.0
Notes unclear, Accent hard to understand at times,1.0,3.0
Explained in great detail,3.5,2.0
Adorable accent. She definitely knows what she's talking about.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
One of the best profs at UofT. Truly cares about his students. Willing to stay after class to answer any questions. He is warm and will never make you feel uncomfortable or stupid for asking for help. Would take his course again 100%,5.0,3.0
If you have the chance to take Murdock do it! She is harder but you actually learn the coursework properly. Yu teaches like you are 10 years old - he speaks slowly and keeps repeating the same content over - classes are a waste of time just read the textbook. Murdock sets the final exam and her testing is different so you will be screwed,2.0,3.0
Kind of boring lecturer but the first couple of tests are easy and then it becomes really hard. First semester everyone wishes they had Yu, second semester everyone wishes they had Murdock bc you actually learned something and the exam is coming and Yu students are screwed .,2.0,4.0
He is not a great lecturer but his tests are extremely easy. He uses a lot of questions from past tests that he posts.,3.0,3.0
As a Rotman student, I really think it was a good idea to take ECO220 with Dr. Yu. His lectures are really dry but his tests are really fair and once you put in the work you'll perform pretty decently. It wasn't an easy course but it's doable.,3.0,3.0
WORST Prof For ECO220. Very hard to follow in lectures, and questions appear on tests that were never covered in class (Especially those two last test which were literally IMPOSSIBLE) For Rotman Kids I regret not taking Murdoch She is the best prof for this course, has been teaching it for 10+ years and knows how to teach it plus she's very easy.,1.0,5.0
Made the mistake of assuming it was okay to not attend his class since he posts all of his lectures online. Did really well for the first 2 tests and messed up the last 2 because the concepts progressively got harder. Definitely do past tests, BUT GO TO CLASS TOO! He's a slow talker, but he's one of the only profs who actually cares about learning!,4.0,3.0
If you attended his lecture, you do not need to study at home, before the test you just need to do his past tests and you will get great grades. His a pretty good professor.,5.0,3.0
he posts his lecture slides (which are really helpful!!) on bb, so that even if you miss the class, you can still catch up by reading his notes. love this prof!,5.0,3.0
Yu is speaks well and is quite clear. However, the text book is essentially useless since the questions are much easier than his test questions. It is best to study off his past tests and he usually recycles a few questions. One of my tests had no past test, so there was little to prepare us for it. Be warned, ECO227 is a very challenging course.,2.5,5.0
Did not like him as a professor. Took ECMB11 course with him, and he decided to use a past FINAL exam for our second mid-term. I felt that doing this was un-fair. His notes are messy, hard to understand and using the textbook is absolutely useless.,1.0,5.0
Excellent prof, love him! Lectures are very clear and tests reflect lecture material quite well. Don't bother with textbook, just do his past tests and you'll be fine. He recycles similar "type" of questions. One if the best profs I've had in 4 yrs at uoft,5.0,2.0
Ok, the rumors about his tests are easy is not true. In fact if you wanna get high marks do NOT pick him. Let me tell you why. He seems to explain a lot of stuff during lecture very clear BUT he left out many complicated and important stuff which will be seen on the test. Too bad I didn't know that and I did poorly on my first test.,4.5,4.0
absolutely hated this class. tests were nothing like textbook, old tests didnt do much as hes new so no base to follow. save yourself the trouble. take it at utm and get a 95,1.5,5.0
best prof. ever!,4.5,3.0
Great person!Great teaching!,5.0,3.0
cutest man ever! definitely one of the best profs i've had,4.5,3.0
Class useless, he have no control of the graded so asking him for anything is pretty useless,2.0,5.0
He's the best prof i had in all 5 years at UofT. Most profs just lectured. Prof Yu taught.,5.0,1.0
Helpful and well organized, hard test questions that often came out of nowhere.,4.0,4.0
Dr Yu has a great talent for explaining challenging concepts in a clear way (Choo can only dream about this). I was very apprehensive about taking this class but Dr Yu made it fun. Thanks to him I love statistics now, he made a change in my life. The greatest prof I've had at UofT. Thumbs up!!,5.0,4.0
I never took Choo's 227 in the fall so I can't really compare. He is nice, he explains and communicates fairly well. Makes it look easy, until the test comes that is. But they're bearable. TA is useless though.,3.5,4.0
Friendly but tests are unpredictabl and going to class is pointless.,3.0,4.0
Very nice and intelligent professor, has a lot of funny jokes. Very precise in his teachings.,5.0,4.0
absolutely best prof in the economics department at u of t. very funny and nice guy.,5.0,2.0
good prof.,3.0,2.0
He explains concept very clearly and he cares about his students and always encourages them.The test questions are more difficult than those in the text book.Past tests are worthwhile to practice before the tests. Plus he is a very nice and funny person!,5.0,3.0
Dr Yu cares about his students by his heart and answers all concerns promptly! He plans his lesson well and tries hard to make all concepts understandable. Naturally, some would find the course hard and some would find it easy.I have taken the course with someone else before so I know he's the best.,5.0,2.0
Good,4.5,2.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
The Greatest prof i have had so far in UofT. Communicates difficult theories in the simplest form and using appropriate examples. Posts past tests online that you can study from. Very friendly is definetly approachable if you need help. A++++,5.0,3.0
he is simply great,5.0,2.0
He's nice!! Tests are easy!!,5.0,1.0
Doctor Yu is the BEST statistics professor at U of T. He teaches very clearly and makes a complex topic easy to understand. Without Dr. Yu, UTSC Management just wouldn't be the same.,5.0,3.0
VERY GOOD PROF!!! choose him!,5.0,2.0
The teacher is very nice, he is very good at explaining concepts.,5.0,1.0
the eco220 class is extremely easy if u have already taken finite math in high school. dont even worry about his lecture just do the pass tests and u will be fine.,5.0,1.0
The guy tries hard to be helpful, but course material is way way too hard for non-math people. A good prof stuck teaching a bad course.,4.0,5.0
One of the best profs I have had at UTSC. All you need to do is know the past exams inside out.,3.5,2.0
one of my best profs i have ever had.,5.0,2.0
He is such a great teacher! Very professional and caring for students too!!The best prof in the Econmics Department and one of the best profs at U of T!!!,5.0,2.0
Awesome teacher, makes the material easy to understand. The best teacher I've had at UT,5.0,2.0
One of the best profs in U of T,5.0,3.0
very organized and willing to help you when you need it!,5.0,2.0
Good prof. Made boring material easier to learn,4.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,1.0
Great teacher! Always willing to help even through e-mail! text reflects lecture,5.0,2.0
Easy Prof., all you need are past tests.,3.0,2.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
Extremely long-winded. Will repeat everything, even whole lectures.,4.0,3.0
.............................BAD,1.0,5.0
nice prof,5.0,2.0
Explains concepts very clearly. Good prof!,4.5,2.0
THE BEST Prof in the century. He is nice and helpful, and clear, and not boring,5.0,2.0
You are the BEST!!!,5.0,3.0
One of the best profs i've had,5.0,2.0
a very nice guy but lectures are long (but its stats, right?),4.5,3.0
He's the nicest prof who totally dedicates to students.,5.0,2.0
An excellent, enthusiastic and helpful instructor,4.0,2.0
very nice teacher with very splendid teaching job,5.0,3.0
BEST!!,5.0,3.0
HE'S sooooo NICE!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
Excellent lectures, he makes the stuff very clear and easy to understand.,5.0,2.0
very clear, enthusiastic, entertaining... makes stats really easy to understand,5.0,2.0
Entertaining, fun, enjoyable, best prof. at Uof T,5.0,3.0
Excellent, best I had, clr lectures, helpful, fight to get into his classes!!!,5.0,3.0
Very nice and friendly prof.,4.5,2.0
the best prof @ UofT....,5.0,1.0
A very nice and responsible teacher!,5.0,3.0
A really nice professor that really helps you in the course..,5.0,3.0
Never expected to be inspired by a math professor, but found that I was. Took this class 15 years ago and still think he is the very best math teacher EVER. "Memories of Spirograph" when we did polar colar cordinates was a favourite. Wish my kids could be taught by someone who would actually make math interesting and tie it to real-life.,5.0,2.0
He responded to an email at 3 AM. Clearly a boss.,5.0,2.0
Jack is an amazing professor, I very upset I will not have the chance to be his student again. I have never met anyone so devoted to helping his students succeed, and I doubt I ever will. He has definitely made me believe I can succeed in any course if I try hard enough. He gave our class soo many opportunities to help us learn and raise our marks,5.0,2.0
An absolutely amazing person. Any time I don't have the initiative to get something done, I think about how I'd be disappointing Jack if I didn't give it everything I had. He gets under your skin that way. So, so, lucky to have met him!,5.0,1.0
Very caring, amazing person. Great overall teacher.,5.0,1.0
Great teacher - engaging, caring, smart, helpful - makes course content accessible and understandable - makes me a better math student - THANKS!,5.0,3.0
Way too easy, very clear prof, gave me my first 100 in university. Take his class instead of 1080 math.,5.0,1.0
This prof is absolutely amazing.,5.0,2.0
amazing, he's the reason Im now doing a minor in mathematics,5.0,2.0
This guy is passionate about what he does. He sincerely wants you to succeed, and if you follow his strategies it is hard to do poorly. Genuine good guy and good teacher.,5.0,2.0
In my opinion, best professor at Guelph. He really cares about what he is teaching and his main goal is for you to succeed.,4.5,2.0
Great teacher from all aspects, although notes could be more clear.,5.0,4.0
as others have said. i came to school and i didn't hate anything more than math. Jack made me actually love it. He is the best prof at Guelph (not sure if better than Anthony Vannelli though) but definitely one of the best instructors i have met in my life.,5.0,2.0
Fun, outgoing professor! I was in his first year caculus class for a year, and he is very prepared for every lecture!,5.0,1.0
The Best Proffesor at Guelph.,5.0,2.0
He will pretty much tell you exactly what type of questions are on the midterms which makes his class a breeze, he is really funny and approachable as well great teacher!,4.5,2.0
Jack is the best prof at Guelph. He actually cares about students and their learning. His exams/midterms are FAIR and he actually makes the class fun, this coming from someone who didn't particularly enjoy math, calculus etc.,5.0,1.0
Good guy and cares, pretty easy once you find out exactly whats on the exam. For some reason though, i always found him confusing in class. he made it seem like we should have gotten some stuff off hand and it's like "where did he get that from". Had to do a lot of figuring out on my own... the quizzes are veyr helpful.,4.0,1.0
Best math teacher ever.,5.0,3.0
best math teacherive ever had,5.0,1.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
He is the BEST prof i even had! :) so motivated!,4.5,1.0
AWESOME Prof! He makes things seem so simple that one may think he didn't know anything beyond the class he teaches at first... but he is clearly a math genius! Makes his classes so much more interesting to listen to.. hope I have him for Calc 2!,4.0,3.0
The Best There Is, The Best There Was, The Best There Ever Will Be,5.0,1.0
amazing prof,5.0,2.0
A rare combination of raw intelligence and genuine passion for teaching/helping students.,5.0,1.0
Best professor i've ever had.,5.0,3.0
BEST PROF EVER,5.0,1.0
,5.0,1.0
Jack is by far the BEST PROF EVER!! Easy to talk to, always makes time to help, even if its not about math. He LOVES MATH, and is GREAT at TEACHING...Hope he is still here next year.,5.0,3.0
JW is the best professor at the university of guelph, and probably, Canada. Thanks for all the jokes, Dr. Weiner! :),5.0,1.0
The Best Math Teacher I've Ever Had.,5.0,2.0
i love to get my jack on,5.0,3.0
Jack is amazing.,5.0,1.0
i. love. jack.,5.0,1.0
Really really cares about teaching. Has very strong and intuitive grasp of material, which he imparts onto willing students. The way he makes things seem so simple might make one believe that he really didn't know "advanced" mathematics beyond the courses he teaches - they'd be wrong.,5.0,1.0
omg! i love weiner! best prof ever. i was having trouble getting into calc the first week of classes, and i posted a thing just to complain to whoever read it on webCT and he actually e-mailed me personally offering to meet up and give me extra help with things i was having problems with! definitely a great prof.,5.0,3.0
Other profs won't let you phone him on Saturday at home to help you with a math problem for another class for 3 hours. Memorize all derivations and his tests are easy...calc1200 is kindof an independant course, it won't help you really for future classes.,5.0,1.0
very enthusiastic,4.0,1.0
Best prof ever. period.,5.0,3.0
JW kicks ass,5.0,3.0
He's Great,5.0,1.0
Jack. We all love you, man. Thanks for being the most awesome prof EVER.,5.0,1.0
He is by-far the BEST BEST BEST prof I have ever had!!!,5.0,2.0
He makes the course material seem really interesting, I worry that he doesn't prepare students for upcoming courses enough though. His tests are easy to do well on without really understanding the material. Great for students who just need the first year calculus courses and then want to say goodbye to math forever, though.,5.0,1.0
The is still the best prof I have had. He genuinely wants his students to do well, and will help in any way to make sure you do. With all the help he gives, along with his great notes make his test do-able. I wish he taught my Matrix Algebra and Numerical Methods classes,5.0,3.0
Weiner is the king of math! He certainly knows his stuff and he gets right in there. He starts talking faster and the overheads tend to get messy... You will olove math for the three months you spend with him... And thursday/friday specials are the highlight of your week!,5.0,3.0
The Greatest Prof Ever!! and we didn't have him for 1210 :( Makes calculus fun, which is something very, very few people can do. Get the survival kit, it helps, and has lots of great Weiner-ism's in it. You have to live for fun fridays with him, but every class is great. Everyone should have weiner,5.0,1.0
Weiner is a Mathematical Genius... If you don't like math, you will. It's really nice that he writes his own textbooks(and helpful when going through the class notes). His specials are probably the best part of any lecture. He is always willing to help and gets really excited which is fun to watch.,4.5,2.0
Entertaining, explains stuff very well. Spoon feeds and doesn't challange you. Like in the other comments, He does not properly prepare you for next level courses. In other words you will have to actually try.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
His classes are interesting, and his tests are easy (if you solve the sample and past tests). Excellent sense of humor and very helpful. Funny looking too!,4.0,2.0
Definetely an extremely dedicated Calculus proff. Actually gets upset when the class is doing poorly. Explains concepts very well, well organized notes and actually manages to keep Calculus lectures lively and sometimes even interesting!,5.0,1.0
Calculus makes so much more sense now. I actually understand it...not just memorize it. Wiener has made me actually enjoy calculus.,4.5,3.0
He's simply put the most dedicated prof. I've ever seen.,5.0,3.0
The best math teacher that I have ever had! Make calculus interesting, and the friday specials are awesome.,4.5,2.0
Jack is an amazing professor. He actually enjoys what he's doing and likes to see his student's do well. On top of that he is bloody hilarious.,5.0,1.0
Jack is the best professor ever!!! Funny and caring for his students. He is always trying to help his students. Classes are extremely energetic and he makes calculus FUN which I thought was next to impossible. 10/10 hands down this is the best prof. Everybody needs to experience a little JW in uni!,5.0,2.0
greatest professor ever,5.0,2.0
Does a excellent job of setting students up for failure. Goes too easy and students with 10-20% in the course miraculously walk out 60-70%,which may feel great at the moment but I gurantee that you'll blame him when you find yourself failing the next course in line:MATH*2270-Differential Equations.,4.5,1.0
awesome prof, makes calc fun, and not many profs can,5.0,1.0
Most helpful dude ever, take his class, he hates it when you fail, so he'll pass you for fun,4.5,3.0
I have only been in university for 1 year so far and i already know that Jack, is going to be the best prof that i have ever had.,5.0,1.0
Great guy, loved his "Friday Special." One of those few people who are open and geniune, through and through. I didn't do so hot in 1210, but that was my fault for not utilising the available help ...,5.0,3.0
the only prof to ever ask if he could just "take it off and start screaming". Of course he was refering to his microphone. Great prof.,5.0,3.0
Greate professor,5.0,2.0
Jack Weiner rocks my world.,5.0,3.0
Weiner is awsome!! He is so helpful and wants everyone to do good!! He rocks!!,5.0,3.0
clearly the best professor i have ever had. if you have a choice of an easier math class with another professor, take this one. he makes things very easy to grasp.,5.0,1.0
THe best math prof ever! NO more Calc for me and I'm glad I ended with Dr. Weiner. He's an amazing teacher and you really learn in his class. He just makes everything seem so easy,5.0,1.0
does a lot for his students and wants the students to do well. With a little effort, his courses will make you a better student. I wish Jack ALL THE BEST for years to come...THANK YOU DR WEINER!!,5.0,1.0
I was in gentry's class, but i decided to go to his lecture instead because he's funny, has great sense of humor, devoted, and has a great teaching style. Love his friday story telling time!! but i didn't get to hear the ending thou....=(,4.0,3.0
Really dedicated and you can tell he enjoys his job and wants us to succeed!,4.5,2.0
Best Prof ever,5.0,3.0
Very clear and helpful prof. A must for anyone who has trouble with calculus. Very personable. He really should teach more math courses (or they should get more like him).,5.0,2.0
Yo this guy deserves a hot vote ... no doubt,5.0,1.0
weiner is awesome!!! never knew that calculus could be so interesting, his tests aren't that bad, and i love his friday specials, he's a realllllllllllllllllllllly good prof,5.0,2.0
just plain awesome,5.0,2.0
yeah jack kicks ass,5.0,3.0
Weiner is by far one of the best profs that I have ever had. He will not go on to a new topic unless he's sure that everyone in teh room understands what he just said!,4.5,2.0
so focused on getting students to like him he forgets to teach the concepts properly, makes way too many mistakes in lectures, tests etc that it makes it very hard to learn,1.0,2.0
Jack Weiner is the funniest prof ever, and is best math teacher i've ever had. Too bad he doesn't teach second and third year courses :(,5.0,2.0
Best Proff Ever!!!!!!!,5.0,1.0
Best prof in guelph,easy going, very very cute.,5.0,1.0
Great teacher for a great course. Despite making the course seem easy he does a great job at making you realize it's not him, you really are learning something. Thanks for a great 1200 and a currently-great 1210.,5.0,1.0
Best teacher/prof I've ever had.,5.0,2.0
For sure the best prof I've had,5.0,1.0
The class was really easy. You can get perfect in math. His tests and exams are exactly what he says, no challenges when it comes to marking you. Great teacher!!,5.0,1.0
Math has never been more fun!,4.5,3.0
HE IS THE BEST MATH TEACHER EVER!!! VERY HELPFUL, VERY INFLUENTIAL..YOU'LL LOVE HIM!!,5.0,2.0
So encouraging and so willing to help. So glad I got to take his course.,5.0,3.0
Whoa,5.0,1.0
If you ever hated calculus, he will make you change your mind ; trust me.,5.0,2.0
Best Calc Prof ever!,5.0,3.0
HE ROCKS! HOLY CRAP, I LOVE CALCULUS!!,5.0,2.0
This guy actually makes class fun,5.0,3.0
Great teacher,5.0,1.0
Loves teaching, loves math and will make you love math too. Really knows how to explain all those difficult calculus concepts.,5.0,4.0
Very helpful. Took the time to work with students if they were not understanding coursework.,5.0,4.0
One of the best profs I had at Guelph. He clearly loves teaching and does it extremely well. The material was tough -- it was advanced calculus -- but Prof Weiner always made you feel like you could do it if you worked at it.,5.0,3.0
he gave me candies when he saw me studying on a couch. what a nicey.,5.0,3.0
Amazing prof, is the only way to describe him. I have never seen someone who loves doing what they do as much as him. Best prof I've had.,5.0,1.0
Yahoo!! 95!!,5.0,1.0
spoke too fast, messy hand writing, otherwise overall good prof w/ lots of experience,3.0,2.0
Best prof ever!,5.0,2.0
he turned me from a biology major to a math major :),5.0,3.0
Absolutely wonderful, motivated prof- very encouraging to students.,5.0,2.0
say hi to denver:],4.0,3.0
Best prof ever, Calculus was actually enjoyable to go to,5.0,2.0
Awesome teacher!,5.0,3.0
JW is the man! He should be voted in as president!,5.0,2.0
awesome,4.5,2.0
He actually made calculus FUN! I really enjoyed it as I failed (my fault ;-)).,5.0,1.0
UNBELIEVABLE!,5.0,2.0
YOUR WICKED MAN!!!!!!!!!,5.0,3.0
SO ENTHUSIASTIC AND MOTIVATING!!!!,5.0,3.0
very enthusiastic and encouraging, great prof,5.0,3.0
The most enthusiastic man I have ever met.,5.0,3.0
thanks JW. You're awesome. Don't change.,5.0,1.0
WEINER RULES!!!,5.0,3.0
Very helpful. Cares about students and wants them to do well.,5.0,3.0
Difficult class, but helpful, passionate about math. You will be too.,4.5,3.0
such a great, and approachable person,4.5,2.0
The only class I went to regularly in 4 years. Greatest Prof. Ever.,5.0,1.0
Best math prof ever!!! Made me want to like calculus!!!,5.0,4.0
I never would have gotten the mark I did if it wasn't for him!!,5.0,1.0
If all profs were like Weiner, I'd actually enjoy class.....Great job!!,5.0,2.0
Beware, tests do not reflect notes. Tests are too small, cover too much materia,1.0,5.0
Damn good prof,5.0,2.0
Keep up the good work... good luck with the double graduation year.,5.0,2.0
Best prof ever!! he kicks butt. now all i gotta do is understand calculus haha,5.0,2.0
The teddy bear sweater. 'Nuff said.,5.0,1.0
Too good for words,5.0,1.0
Best math prof. EVER.....couldn't have passed calc without him!,5.0,2.0
Best Math prof I've ever had. Makes you wanna work.,5.0,3.0
the only prof that cares on campus!!!,5.0,5.0
just let the class go early,3.5,3.0
He's just good...,5.0,1.0
I love his lectures,hate his tests,5.0,5.0
Great teacher.,5.0,3.0
what's REALLY in that coffee??,5.0,1.0
Fantastic prof - enthusiastic... makes math more fun than my major!,5.0,3.0
Great Prog, funny and energetic,4.5,3.0
Cool,4.5,3.0
What's the fundamental theorum of calculus???,5.0,1.0
Weiner was great....and I love his teddy bear sweater,4.5,2.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
great teacher, but thinks he's saving us from fate worse than death (other profs,5.0,2.0
his enthusiasm is infectious. and he's got those great Friday specials!!!,5.0,1.0
best prof ever,5.0,1.0
Great Guy! He talks a bit fast though, and his jokes are cheesy..but its cool,4.0,2.0
HE MUST HAVE A HUGE **** TO HIDE BENEATH THAT SWEATER OF HIS!,4.0,4.0
weiner is god of math. when compared to weiner, the other profs dont even exist.,5.0,1.0
He looks like a crazy little clone of Bill Gates,5.0,1.0
Great Prof, Bes to fmy 1st year!,4.5,2.0
Prof. Weiner is the greatest! He makes Calculus enjoyable!!,4.0,2.0
He's so dreamy, what a hunk!!,4.0,4.0
He's energetic and makes calulus fun.,5.0,1.0
Excellent Professor.,5.0,1.0
He has the greatest smile! : ),5.0,1.0
Amazing attitude towards teaching/learning.,5.0,1.0
Great Guy!,4.5,4.0
My best prof this semester!!,4.5,2.0
Best Prof. Ever!,5.0,1.0
Wicked Prof,5.0,1.0
Amazing Prof!,5.0,4.0
OnE wild and crazy guy...,4.0,3.0
please pass me,3.0,3.0
best prof ever,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
She is very sweet but this is a horrible class DO NOT TAKE! none of her assignments show up in the gradebook and there are so many assignments that will take you hours or days to complete. She never has announcements on when things are due you just have to figure it out. absolutely horrible,1.0,5.0
Make sure to read the textbook and fill out the organizer and you'll be fine. Quizzes are easy. Make sure to read the course calendar as well.,4.0,3.0
Professor Nicholson is one of the sweetest and most caring professors Ive had. You can tell she is passionate about her job and she loves what she does. She is very understanding if you communicate with her. Her teaching style is repetitive, but it allows those facts to be learned quickly. I would definitely take another class of hers!,5.0,3.0
Dr. Nicholson is a very caring and nice professor. You may not always get to her through email but she always responds to texts and calls. There is a lot of hw but she grades fairly. Overall its an easy class if you keep up with the work and get it done.,4.0,2.0
Professor says multiple time to email her if you have questions, but almost always takes 3 plus days to reply to emails. This class also has a key assessment that you must complete to pass, you must also buy a 40 dollar subscription to task stream to submit the assignment. Prepare for vague instructions and long assignments.,1.0,2.0
The homework is the same each week, just an advanced organizer and quiz. There are bigger assignments that have more weight on your grade so make sure you do those. The tests are easy and all online. She is generally understanding when it comes to missed assignments or being absent in class. I personally enjoyed her teaching style.,5.0,2.0
Mrs. Nicholson is very caring about her students. She will go above and beyond to help them in any way that they need it. I took this class to fill a general education requirement and a requirement for my major. I would highly recommend her as a professor.,5.0,2.0
Mrs. Nicholson, is a very nice lady. The class has advanced organizers due over each chapter. The class isn't hard, but there are several assignments that you must complete in order to do well in the class. I would recommend this professor to anyone needed SED 104 or a class to fulfill the diversity requirement in general education.,4.0,3.0
Very easy class all assignments online , she seems really nice but does not seem to understand what she is teaching and does not return emails or even respond to them,1.0,2.0
This class is VERY easy. All tests are online. There is one group presentation. She is very nice but dosen't seem to understand the material very well. But I would reccomend her. Also, NO textbook!,2.0,1.0
This class is very easy. Online exams and 1 group presentation on a disorder. Hardly ever stayed full time. It was taught ITV from Richmond.,5.0,1.0
This professor may have good intentions, but is not on the ball at all when it comes to being prepared and knowing what's going on in class. Class was ITV so she taught on tv from a different campus...NOT RECOMMENDED. Nice woman but shouldn't be teaching.,1.0,1.0
Nice teacher...Very knowledgable...Subject was not too bad in the boring department...I would take her again...,5.0,3.0
Great teacher great person.,5.0,3.0
Great professor, very boring subject.,5.0,5.0
Compact discs are relevant.,1.0,5.0
worst prof ever, expects everyone to love and know the course material before class. Not available for extra help and not a fair marker,1.5,5.0
Hard prof, but knows his stuff. His lectures were actually really good.... after you read the book.,4.0,4.0
He is a really good prof. One of the best in the department. Unlike some other instructors he really is an expert in his field. I only wish he was teaching Math 212 as well,4.0,2.0
I am upset at the fact that I pay 7000 dollars to be taught by this piece of****. The guy is a jerk. We lost 1/2 hour during our final exam and he only belled it by 10%. Some people didnt even finish 70% of the exam its not fair to them. I could have done a lot better if i had more time. THIS GUY IS NOT FAIR. I am glad he is retiring.,1.0,5.0
Sometimes delves into a lot of detail losing many students. Enthusiastic lecturer. Not always the clearest. Between the course notes and careful examination of lecture notes this was not an issue. I did not seek him often outside of class, but he was very approachable. He rambles. I didn't mind this. You must attend lectures with a mental filter.,3.5,3.0
He speaks above and beyond the accepted intellectual level of students.. lol. I find him experienced with the material, yet naive with the presentation, since his students would skip and attend other lectures of the same course instead,1.0,4.0
Excited about the material and really wants students to learn it. He goes a little too fast and tends to devote too much time to some subjects and not enough to others. In tutorials he showed some interesting examples of the behaviousr of different types of circuits.,4.0,4.0
This guy is seriously one of the best profs in UW. If you ever get a chance to take one of his courses do it. Don't listen to the people that **** because they slacked off and failed.,5.0,3.0
I think he is one of the best profs here in UW!!,5.0,3.0
Terrible teaching style. Talks to the black board. Lectures very difficult to follow. Smart guy, bad professor.,1.5,4.0
Too fast, no time to ask Q's.Kept teaching during last lecture, went overtime and introduced a new topic in the last 3 mins (examinable) of it.Can't teach properly, schedules extra lectures.Exams and his lectures have nothing in common but the students.,1.0,4.0
a horrible professor. failed almost half of the class on the midterm! he wouldn't be that bad of a prof if he stuck to the course material, but 3 months of an RC circuit made me want to taste a bullet rather than go to his class.,1.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Great prof! Exceptionaly clear presentation and very knowledgable about the material.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
goes off track talking about stuff you'll learn in upper years. exams terribly hard/unfair and unclear wording of problems. questions contains concept dealt w/ in later courses,1.0,5.0
Extremely helpful. Enthusiastic. Terribly hard exams...,5.0,5.0
Extremely passionate about calculus. His teaching is quite good and his notes are generally very well organized. However, his exams are extremely difficult and his lectures seem to only cover 1/4 of the material.,2.5,4.0
There does not exist a harder professor. Yet, he is SO passionate that you can't help but want to learn. Whether you actually do is a different story. He'll teach advanced material.,4.5,5.0
Very passionate about teaching. Writes so fast that you have no time to digest information. Killer exams.,4.0,5.0
Funny guy !,5.0,3.0
He expects you to have a passion for academia. That's the key to getting along very well with him. That's it though! Getting along well doesn't mean any consessions for anyone. One of the rarely found very sincere and ethical species of Profs.,5.0,3.0
this little elf look alike prof is incredibly knowlegable. has passions for teaching, but his exams are killers,4.0,5.0
He attempts to invoke interest by introducing applications where theories are applied. It works in Math211, but talking about digital filters and LCR circuits in Math117B is NOT exactly helpful. He *loves* teaching calculus.,5.0,5.0
Excellent Professor that teaches very well, but he also expects us to be performing at his level for exams...,3.0,4.0
When we compare teachers, he is usually one of the bad ones. He doesn't prioritize what he is teaching, and goes of on tangents(dy/dx). He could be waaaay more helpful and his lectures could be more lively. Sucks I have him for 211 :(,1.5,4.0
I think he is a good teacher and does have a comprehensive understanding about Calculus. I am so happy that he is going to teach us Math211 in the fall. I hope I will do well.,5.0,3.0
I like him very much. He does have a comprehensive understanding about Calculus. I am so happy that he is going to teach us Math211 in the fall. I hope I will do well.,5.0,4.0
Just plain nuts. All over the place teaching and talks about things that do not deal with the course all the time.,1.5,3.0
Entertaining to watch that little fighting irish look alike. and it's pronnounced VVVVIEnna,2.5,4.0
If he could just stay on track.,1.0,5.0
Funny guy!! Very smart. Only problem is that he makes things more complicated than they really are! Exams are NO joke!,4.0,4.0
Jeez man, this guy first of all expects so much from you. And lets say you ask him a question, he will make the question even harder to answer after that.. u will be totally confused after asking him a question. so better don't ask.. and read ur text book,1.5,5.0
Obviously a very intelligent man but his inability to teach is severly hurting the students in his classes,1.5,4.0
(also teaches math 117B) Very energetic. Would be an excellent prof if you have an IQ over 150. To most engineering student, he is just way too much.,2.0,5.0
Great if you are a genious. Teaches well above course level and does not let you ask questions in class. Will leave you in his dust. Never want to see him again.,1.5,5.0
Doesn't spoon feed you, but he knows his material and teaches it well. He becomes really really good towards the end of the course.,4.0,4.0
I enjoyed being in this class. The prof made the course very understandable. He was always into what he was teaching.,5.0,2.0
He chose the worst textbook I've ever seen. He taught with overly complicated examples, and then yelled at those who didn't understand. He was such a jerk I never bothered asking him questions. I dreaded going to this 8:30 am class. Worst teacher EVER.,1.0,5.0
good prof; students who found course hard had deficient HS calculus,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
great lecture notes,4.5,4.0
Keeps going into irrelevant ****.. way too energetic .. he's scary in a way..,2.0,5.0
No Comments,2.5,5.0
No Comments,3.0,4.0
Did I really have to see something we won't need until 3B?,3.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
No Comments,4.0,5.0
Tough material, but very well explained. Willing to help you after class. A+,5.0,4.0
Too energetic. He goes on and on about impossible concepts, confusing everybody,2.5,5.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
You think you're smarter than the ancients? You aren't, you just know more..,3.5,5.0
Apparently, the Greeks were stuck on the concept of sums of infinite series.,2.5,3.0
You love him or you hate him. Very memorable,3.5,3.0
course is challenging, he does his best though, so you should try as well,5.0,2.0
Very hard course, but a decent prof,3.0,5.0
No Comments,3.0,5.0
The best math prof I've ever had. Exceptionally clear, dedicate and hardworking.,5.0,3.0
it's a pretty equation.. too bad no one can understands it.,3.5,5.0
great prof! clear explanation, reasonable exams, very energetic!,5.0,2.0
He is a very hardworking prof, I will just call him a "SMART DUDE",5.0,1.0
Will hate him at first, but will praise him and worship him in upper years,4.5,5.0
very hard prof,will learn 2 appreciate his work in upper years,1 of da best prof,3.0,5.0
He's the best prof I've ever had!! Great style, amazing presentation!!!!!!!!!!!,5.0,3.0
Class Avg. Sept 98 was 58.4 percent.,2.0,5.0
good guy, but thought we should understand everything before it's even taught!,3.0,4.0
4 legged sheep,4.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Evil Incarnate! How can so much evil fit in such a small body.,1.0,5.0
Best prof I have ever had! He will come into the lab on weekends to check on people, I've even heard of him making 3am visits. He likes to spend lectures talking about problems instead of solutions, and expects students to be able to get to the solution on their own.,3.5,3.0
Best professor on campus. Always available for help outside of class. He has done a tremendous amount of work for the class, and is very knowledgeable about all course related (even non-related) content!,5.0,3.0
He is dedicated. He prepares before lectures, and his office is always open. He is great if you follow his style, but most students don't...,3.0,4.0
Disappointing. Before taking this course, I had heard that he was an incredible professor. This is simply not true. He shows disrespect for students, he is very hard to follow, his lecture notes are disorganized, his exams are miles apart from the examples he gives in class. Midterms/Assignments take MUCH too long to get back. Not recommended.,1.5,5.0
If you see him on your list of professors GET OUT! He is extremely unorganized, marks take an extreme amount of time to get back, delays assignments, and most of all simply teaches you nothing. He spends more time telling pointless stories than teaching material, does the same repeated examples repeatedly before pouncing hard questions on tests,1.0,5.0
Bill Cowan is the kind of guy you want to like at first, but you soon realize that he should simply not be teaching. His lack of organization makes attending his lectures terribly frustrating, and assignments/exams are not in parallel with what is taught in these lectures. Assumes that if you don't understand him you aren't fit to be in university.,1.0,5.0
Bill Cowan at first seems like a pretty like-able guy, even though he is absolutely god-awful at teaching, his lecture notes are useless and he does nothing but draw the same diagram over and over on the board. Later you'll realize he doesn't care at all about his students, doesn't return emails, nor accept responsibility for his crappy teaching.,1.0,5.0
Likes to Talk, hard to figure out what is relevant. Goes on rambles about random things. Does not use the blackboard enough. Midterms not follow any plan. Impossible to study for.,2.0,5.0
This guy is memorable character. He does have a tendency to ramble, but that's not his biggest flaw. His biggest flaw is that he has a tendency to be hypocritical. For example, he might say that he has a certain philosophy about exams and then write an exam that clearly violates his philosophy. Cool guy though.,3.5,5.0
This guy does not teach. He just rambles about the most random stuff you can think of. Best strategy to deal with this guy is to bail or skip classes.,1.5,5.0
interesting prof.. though his lectures and notes are completely unrelated to the course ciriculum. He knows ALOT, but most of the time he gets carried away when he's on subjects related to hardware design. Actual quote: "A slave is good because he will do whatever you tell it to but a slave is also bad because he will do whatever you tell him to do,1.5,5.0
Describing him using his own oral style: "Self-Centered" didn't quite know its purpose in the language until he met Bill Cowan. I thought he was cool until I decided to ask him for help. That occasion conditioned me to feel pain everytime after, when I saw him still in position of authority.,1.5,3.0
I personally dont give 2 monkey craps about how a user 'feels' when he see's certain colours. This a CS or PSYCH course? Interesting and entertaining lectures...too bad they have nothing to do with material. The course notes have more spelling/grammatical errors than my chinese grandma's english paper. Assignments are ridiculously long and tedius.,1.5,3.0
i'll give him this: his lectures are entertaining & interesting. BUT, they DO NOT have anything to do with testable material. assignments sucked ass- long, tedious and useless. the coursenotes (or the poor excuse for them) were simply crap. the class was trully a waste of time, money and effort!,2.0,4.0
The course notes: holed, unedited, rambling, and sometimes unrelated. Does this perfectly describe his teaching? Absolutely. The course: tedious assignments, anal & long remarks by himself, some very interesting lectures, some pointless ones. It's a toss. In general he's friendly but to sporatic.,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
Doesn't seem like a bad guy, but..wow, sucks as a prof. Lectures and course notes are useless. Assignments are unnecessarily long and tedious. Marking is largely subjective and anal.,1.0,4.0
Just realized that the comment "this prof is horrible because he talks using big word" was meant as a compliment. The reality is much worse... Any prof who wants to be Jack Nicholson is doomed to have a bad attitude, and shall be avoided like a plague!!!!!,1.0,5.0
Worst. Organization. Ever.,1.0,5.0
A prof with a good intention that goes horribly wrong. He's friendly and approachable until he gets upset and pissed off with having to deal with students. He seems to know his material, but does not communicate well. Assignments/marks were not handed out/returned promptly and caused lots of trouble,1.0,3.0
Terrible class, totally useless and a complete waste of time. Worst prof, completely unorganized. Totally unacceptable.,1.0,3.0
words cannot describe how much this prof pisses me off.,1.0,5.0
What an ass! Lectures somewhat interesting, but the assignments/exams are totally unrelated. Very poorly organized course. Horrible course notes and website, given it's a course on user interfaces. Avoid this guy like the plague.,1.0,4.0
The material in this course is questionable at best, but I found his lectures interesting. Most of the comments here convey dissatisfaction because the lectures aren't 100% focused on exam testable material. They are, however, full of interesting information about graphics and computing in general,3.5,1.0
Easy course, because you probably know all the stuff beforehand. Confusing because he's a disorganized man. I had to stop attending lectures because they were so pointless. I agree with my classmates on their assessment, they can't be all wrong, right&,1.0,3.0
Incompetent, lack of organization and irresponsible. Hence, unworthy to be a Waterloo Professor.,1.0,3.0
Finally marked assignment 1 (of 5) just days before the final exam. Incomplete 14-page assignment specs! Updates them intermittently up until the day before the assignment is due. Good speaker, interesting lectures, but HORRIBLE organization.,2.0,4.0
,1.0,5.0
Arrogant and disorganized. Lecture material is unrelated to assignments and tests. You are only taught the material after the assignment is due. You were supposed to "know" what is right. Assignments and test questions are ambiguous and unli,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
Too bad I can't give a negative mark for clarity. His wordings are ambiguous and he shows no intention to change his phrasing (he assumes it's our problem). Never stick to schedule for assignments. Not enough time unless this is your only CS course.,1.0,4.0
Assignments often not posted far enough in advance to get a good start, unless this is your only course. Class was often entertaining but not always useful. Don't study from previous finals, they are far easier than yours will be.,2.5,3.0
Very bad in organizing the course. The stuff is not that hard. But unfortunately, his wordings are really ambiguous. Most people know the answers if they can guess what he is trying ask correctly.,1.0,3.0
Awful awful teacher.,1.0,4.0
One of the worst and most disorganized prof ever!He just talks about boring and unrelated things in class,does not answer questions and gives vague midterms and final.UI can be a good course but he made it useless and horrible by being lazy & disorganized,1.0,4.0
Poorly organized, never sticks to any schedule, rarely talks about anything useful during class, he assumes he is correct as well. For assignments, he makes them due on Sunday evenings, and only answers quesions on the day it is due.,1.0,3.0
arrogant, irresponsibile, lazy, disorganized, never answers his emails, not to mention the disorganized assignemnts. do yourself a favor and don't take this course. i also hate his "microsoft hating" attitude,1.0,4.0
What did we learn in a user interfaces course (that is relevant to user interfaces)? NOTHING. We learned that Microsoft is "bad" and that Linux is "good".,1.0,3.0
Good Teacher, poor organization skills.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Lots of tangents but extremely fascinating and entertaining. Looks exactly like Jack Nicholson! Loves questions in class.,5.0,1.0
Not too bad, but goes off tangent all the time, course was not very interesting, only learned some new programming languages but not much theory.,2.0,3.0
He has very good public speaking skills, unfortunately he doesn't explain anything in any detail whatsoever or provide any examples to learn from. Also looks like Agent Smith from the Matrix but that doesn't make up for the bad course notes.,1.0,3.0
Amazing Prof! Algorithms is not an easy course to teach... It'd be like a "Creativity Learning Course", but he did a stellar job! His teaching style is more oral though, so depends on how you learn.,5.0,3.0
Horrible! No explanations whatsoever. Can't teach at all. Terrible lectures, very bad course notes. No organization! Writes the most unimportant things on the board. Does not name algorithms, does not even write them properly on the board!Do not take him!,1.0,5.0
Good lectures, a bit off topic sometimes but he makes the course interesting.,4.0,1.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
He is a funny prof! Every lecture is interesting.,4.5,2.0
Easy for Graphic ppl.Something new in each assig.Too time consuming.CrappyCourse,2.5,4.0
He's awesome... keeps things interesting! Easy assignments....,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
Dry lectures. To specific. Really knowledgable. Needs more examples.,3.0,4.0
knows the big picture but not very helpful if you wanna learn and pass,1.5,4.0
Don't you think he looks like Jack Nickolson,2.5,4.0
Expected to learn C++, ended up listening to social aspect of computing,2.0,4.0
Fun guy, but I don't think anything he said related to the course.,2.5,2.0
No Comments,2.5,2.0
No Comments,2.5,2.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
yo! can be okay when he stays on topic. assignments are HARD,3.0,4.0
cowan rules,5.0,1.0
Took the course 8 mths ago, but nobody in the class got mark yet.,1.5,4.0
I'd love to know what he thinks we got out of that course...,1.0,4.0
A great prof - almost made the course enjoyable,4.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
could he say "yo!" a couple more times? and a complete lack of examples......,1.5,4.0
doesn't teach material but instead rambles about concepts we already understand,2.0,4.0
Well, at least it's he's amusing (to himself)...,1.0,4.0
Speaking of getting off track...,4.0,2.0
a dead ringer for jack nicholson.,4.0,2.0
Assignment time: 2 hrs; Getting to know the stuff to do the assignment: 10 hrs,2.5,3.0
Need to read books cover to cover. If you're taking other classes and history is not your major, you will not have time for this class. He expects way too much. There is no homework, the grade is based on exams and quizzes. His questions are broad but he looks for SPECIFIC answers. He doesn't care if you fail though, it won't affect him.,1.0,4.0
They do not make History professors like Dr Sefton anymore. That is a shame. I am forever thankful to have endured the difficulty of his Civil War/Reconstruction course, his WWII course, and his eclectic Historical Photography course. I became a better student because of his toughness and his brilliance. A Great man.,5.0,5.0
Hardest class I've ever taken. Sefton is a relic of an older time when an undergrad education seemed to have more weight. Sefton respects his students and treats them like academic adults - and he takes them all out for breakfast at the end of semester. I feel privileged to have learned from him (even if I don't know if I'm going to pass yet!).,4.0,5.0
I took Sefton for his World War II history course, Hist441 for the Fall 2015 semester. I already had an interest in WW2 and military history but found I was reading 150-300 pages a weekend. He is a tough teacher though rewarding in the sense that he will respect you if you put the work in. The papers are superbly in-depth, be ready to source!,3.5,4.0
Awesome. The man has lived history, has high standards, knows what he is talking about to the nth degree, and won't take crap from lazy slackers. What's not to love?,5.0,4.0
For the record, I am a "Sefton Recidivist!" Doc is as "old-school" as we need him to be! You wont find someone who you will feel the honor and pride, as well as gratitude for EARNING his respect. But, you will have to be a model student, not a slob who feels compelled to enter and leave at will, and distract yourself with your "smart phone!",5.0,5.0
Sefton is old school, and I'm okay with that. Went into this class thinking, "another easy GE course." The rude awakening came on the first weekly quiz, when, after reading 100 pages we were expected to know everything!. I realized I had to crack down and study in a way I never had before. I'm better for it. Thank you Dr. Sefton.,3.5,4.0
I had a three hour class with him, and he did NOT lecture at all. He'd ask questions, tell us we were wrong, then tell us exactly what we just said...? What? He lectured TWICE in the semester and it was great, but he totally left you alone with the book. He quizzed us on things that DID happen in the Civil War, problem is... it wasn't in the book.,1.0,5.0
Everything you read in this profile is correct (except for the praise). I did decent in the class, but seriously, I'm among the top performers in any class I take, so unless you consider yourself in that category you are not going to do well. I never write reviews but he has rubbed me the wrong way with just how extreme this class is.,1.0,5.0
I took History 441 (WWII) and it was one of the hardest classes I've ever had! I am a History Major, and so I thought the class would be about WWII in the big picture, but all he teaches is military history. So if you are into military history take it but if not add at your own will.,2.0,5.0
Everything you read on here is correct. Dr. Sefton is the hardest professor at CSUN. I've never felt more pressure as a student. I am a history major and he has improved my study and writing habits dramatically. Visit him in his office and talk to him about coursework and about life. He is happy to guide any student in the right direction.,5.0,5.0
US civil war was very interesting, however it was the hardest class I've ever taken. The hardness of this class makes all other classes seem easy.,3.0,5.0
This is by far the worst teacher for a GE class I have ever had. He had standards that were completely ridiculous; everything is essay questions and there were reading quizzes every week. The reading was at least 100 pages a week and he expected you to remember every date, every person, every meeting, every battle.,1.0,5.0
One of the hardest classes I have ever taken in my life, but one of the best teachers as well. He grades on progress, so no matter your grades you stand a chance to pass. If you want a challenge this is a class for you.,2.5,4.0
The other reviews are right, he is hard. There are 5 books you read; essay-type quiz every single day; 1 essay-type midterm; 1 "pre-final" mult-choice; & 1 essay-type final. He will make you work, but it is possible to pass. I worked my butt off and got a B-. He's old school, no phones, no back talk. He can be funny though. Not for lazy students.,3.5,5.0
By far the hardest professor I've had. If you need to take one of his classes I RECOMMEND ANOTHER PROFESSOR! EVEN IF YOU HAVE TO WAIT ANOTHER SEMESTER TO GET SOME1 ELSE! DO NOT TAKE HIM. YOU READ 5 BOOKS (and its a must). Do not have ur phone on! He does NOT do scantrons and answer columns are A-Z (not a typo). You WILL regret taking him GUARANTEED,1.0,5.0
This teacher is absolutely impossible. Almost everyone in my class as of now is failing. I do all the reading, but because I don't know exact specifics, I end up failing. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. He is also incredibly condescending and rude.,2.0,5.0
"I know I'm intimidating" he said to me once, "I practice everyday to make sure I am doing it right-- but I do it to make you intellectually tough". These were the exact words he told me when my performance in class began to slip. If you can survive the first few weeks I'm sure he'll grow on you. He certainly is tough, but he will make you better.,4.0,4.0
He is very demanding professor requiring college level work. You will be challenged, but in the end he will make you a better student. There are no easy grades and you will have to really work for a good grade. Accepted the challenge and you will be better for it. He is old school and has not lowered his standards like so many other professors.,5.0,5.0
Yes his class is hard but his job is to teach, not just to pass lazy students. Do the readings, study, and participate in discussions. He grades by performance, not by points, so make the effort by reading, participate,and office visits. This class will be as easy or as hard as you make it.,5.0,5.0
Do Not take! you're doomed to fail and if you do pass it will be with a C- even after you do all the readings and memorize what he wants. This guy hates giving anything above a c so you've been warned.,1.0,5.0
Read everything and memorize all the names and events for the quiz and exams. The essays are hard because you have to tie subjects together, but this is not a class you can avoid doing the reading. He is a hard professor.,3.5,5.0
Do not expect to get an A even if you work really hard. Keep up with the readings religiously and memorize every detail. He is an expert in the subject and at least appreciate that if you take anything from him. Do not expect an easy time and keep pulling through even when you feel you've been unfairly evaluated, which will happen.,3.5,5.0
A bit too hard for a GE class. Rejects grade inflation, so expect a C or lower unless you have twice the time to devote. Also he's old school, so expect to be his b*tch in the classroom. No-tolerance policies. Public humiliations. You get the sense he is teaching this non-major class to punish those not entirely devoted to history.,2.5,5.0
He has been teaching for 45 years. Forty five years of pure evil I assume... Example: When he realized students were doing better on the identification section than on the essay section of the WEEKLY quizzes, he scolded us in class, and removed the ID section from all further quizzes. NIGHTMARE TEACHER.,1.0,4.0
Take him if you are a masochist and don't care about your GPA. He will not grade fairly. If your cell phone rings in class he will make you write a 5 page paper denouncing cell phones, or give you an F quiz grade. I am totally serious... And the other History goons will stand behind him because it warns this in his syllabus. He needs to retire now!,1.0,5.0
I am going to make it very plain and simple for everyone. If you like History and want a challenge TAKE THIS CLASS. If you are lazy, do not like history, hate reading, bad at memorizing (names, ranks, dates, events, EVERYTHING), want an easy A DO NOT take this class. Lectures are very interesting! Old school, knowledgeable, GREAT professor!,5.0,4.0
Fine lecturer and knows his material but... Tests are not just hard, but frankly unfiar. Why? you ask, because they are not on the material lectured! It's like being assigned the phone book, then expecting to recall a particular number! He's also aloof and not very pleasant ALSO God help you if you disagree with him. Avoid if you can.,1.5,5.0
Stay away!!! Run for your life! he is by far the worst professor that i have had in my life. Rude, belittles the students, makes it his job to make you feel like you are stupid. quizes are really hard, midterm + prefinal + final are impossible. avoid him with all cost,1.0,5.0
Can you say worst professor out there. He belittles the students. Finds joy in making us feel stupid. Rude.narcissistic. boring as hell. Makes class impossible. I don't recommend this class. But to each is own but be aware most likely you will fail.,1.0,5.0
Do not take!!!!! Enough said.,1.0,5.0
I read the reviews for this professor before taking his class and thought that, as usual, people were exaggerating how hard his class is. They weren't. Furthermore, Sefton continually demands clarity and specificity, and yet he rarely exhibits these qualities. Finally, he delights in belittling his students and takes time every class to do so.,1.0,5.0
Stay away from this class. Fml. Too much reading. Class is very hard. Crazy exams. Boring. No set grading structure. Just don't take this class.,1.0,5.0
Very hard teacher he is a nice guy, and a great lecturer and has interesting classes but when it comes to tests and quizzes he is a very hard grader. he wants to know all the details not a summary, he will try and trick you on them sometimes changes terms doing the reading is not going to get you by in his classes but having it down cold will help,3.0,5.0
An excellent professor, he really makes you work for his grade. Don't expect to waltz through his class because he doesn't tolerate b.s. from students. Just read, take notes, and ask questions. You'll do well to read each chapter twice and note events or people which may seem obscure but are not. To him (and you!), it is all equally important.,4.5,5.0
It's obvious Prof Sefton is knowledgeable & passionate about History. I probably would've loved his class EXCEPT for his rude, condescending attitude. Making people feel stupid & taking joy in marking tests wrong doesn't encourage most people to do well. Unfortunately, there's this thing called tenure! READ 5 books REPEATEDLY to pass!,3.0,5.0
Show up to the first day of class having read the first 3 chapters! I loved his lectures& the book.Quizzes are timed(14 min), on obscure id's from reading. He is fair. Simply a great teacher.Makes me want to be a better student. If you do your work you will get the grade you deserve. I'm taking him again in spring for 2 classes!,4.5,5.0
He gives most good prof. a bad name. I have never ecountered in my experience including UCLA and SMCC a more inept nor useless "instuctor". It seems that he enjoys the power over students more than the joy of teaching. I have nothing but contempt for him.,1.0,5.0
Professor Sefton is tough. He really expects you to work for your grade. He has a unique way of teaching which is very difficult to adjust to. You MUST do the reading. He is also one of the best professors I have ever had. He is not rude or mean, and he really does care.He is old school and as such perfect for teaching history. Great professor,4.5,5.0
He seems like a decent guy outside of class but I really don't appreciate the attitude in class; a negative tone was set on the first day. I have a decent grade and the material is interesting but it has been an unbelievable amount of stress for a GE. A lot more input on where to focus efforts would benefit students greatly. Good luck.,3.0,5.0
Prof. Sefton is old school. He will help you if you ask. He knows his subject inside and out. It's only a tough class because the rest of the school system has lowered it's standards to make it easy for everyone. Read the books, know who did what to which events and when and you'll do fine.,5.0,5.0
Professor Sefton is the hardest teacher I have ever taken, but I am better off for it. If you keep up with the reading the class will be easier. Contrary to popular rumor he does not lock the door at the start of class. The room locks when the door closes but if you knock a student will let you in and he will not comment just not record you as the,3.5,5.0
Hero.,5.0,5.0
The first week and a half he works very hard at intimidating as many students OUT of his class as he can. Yes he is rude, condensending, etc., and punishes the entire class with 5 minutes of silence if someone dares to go into their backpack for a pencil or something. He locks the door at the start of class, so don't ever be late. High Stress.,1.0,5.0
I took 473A (Civil War) and 441 (WWII) from Dr. Sefton at the same time. He is extremely challenging but if you read and take the class seriously, you will do fine. He is a very fair grader. I did not ace all the tests or quizzes (B's and C's) but aced both finals and received an A in both classes! If you are a weak student, don't bother.,4.5,5.0
stay away from this professor, he is very rude,He has no respect for his students, he doesn't know how to teach. I have no idea how get hired at CSUN. around five people in my class decided to file a complaint against him. if anyone else wants to file a Complain against him, they can go to the office and file the form.,2.0,4.0
I heard the horror stories and almost didn't take the class. I've decided for myself that Sefton's class is challenging but well worth it. I learned so much, and I'm glad that my hard work means something. Follow syllabus & directions exactly & you can't go wrong. I wish other teachers gave such precise directions.,4.5,5.0
I took the History of WW2 with Dr. Sefton, and I was extremely pleased with his knowledge of the subject. He is very strict and runs a tight class, but if you keep up with the reading, ask and answer questions, and express an interest in the class, then a student should do very well.,4.5,4.0
This professor is the sole reason I switched my major.,1.0,5.0
Excellent professor! If you still have your diapers changed by mommy, this is not the class for you! He expects college work from college students. Treats students as adults. Not an "it's only ok if you only attend, you will still pass" type of guy. Very helpful during question/answer time, he will explain. We pay to be taught, not get handouts.,4.5,4.0
If you like challenges in life and if you enjoy History, then take Sefton. His class was the hardest class that I have ever taken, in 4+ years at CSUN. He does not use +/-. Take him if you want to become a better/smarter student and be disciplined. Don't if you want to raise your GPA. He knows his material! You will learn! Got a B. Proud of it.,3.5,5.0
Sefton is a hard teacher. you will not get an easy A. he does want the best for his students, but wont directly help them, he wants everyone to improve on their own. i tried hard in that class and he gave me a D, when i shouldve received and F.,3.0,5.0
Well, the horrible rumors you hear are true. Hes tough, hes mean, he wears black on test days, and will fail you without one iota of thought. Thats all true, but you know what, he tought me how to REALLY LEARN, I owe my high GPA to this guy and i graduated with a finance degree. Trust me, hes hard, but, if you make it work for you, you can do well,4.0,5.0
The only thing that makes his elongated fact based lectures fun is his constant harrassment of anyone that isn't up to par intelligence wise, read the assignment if you don't want to look stupid!,3.5,5.0
His WWII class taught me more than any other class so far at CSUN. Anyone that insults him probably did not try for their grade, and if you are blaming gender you're just making excuses. I tried very hard and only got a B. To me it is worth the time rather than some of the newer much easier hippie liberal teachers of 2day. 2daysteachers dumb usdown,4.0,5.0
All you negatives are nuts. Sefton was a great prof in Fall, 1974 for Const. History. Loved his bible quotes on the tests. I'm now a civ. lib prof at San Jose State and still love the guy. Way awesome!!,5.0,5.0
There's not enough time to explain why taking his class is a bad idea. He's way past the point of demanding. Ladies, you will do poorly in the class simply based on your gender. There's nothing you can do about it, not even bringing it to the chair's attention! Mark my words, the best you can hope for is a C.,2.5,5.0
Dr. Sefton is one of the best professors at CSUN. As it's been said before, he seems abrasive because he expects you to - oh the horror - act like a college student and won't put up with nonsense or lame excuses. Be prepared, do the assignments, and show up for class. You'll find that he's a very fair individual.,4.0,4.0
Okay.. I took him twice. THe first i abosolutely hated him, the second i gained a little respect for him. People are right, he is a hard, cold, rude old man. But he definately knows his stuff. He made the WWII class fun as well.. I personally don't like him, but he isn't that bad.,3.0,5.0
I took his World War 2 class and it is without doubt he knows his stuff. If you wish to learn, I highly recommend his class. If you're nit-picky about your GPA, don't. He is the toughest profesor I have ever had in 4 years of college. You will have no study guides for the midterms nor finals. You will learn many things about World War 2. Read a lot,4.0,5.0
Hardest clas i've had, and it made the rest of my time at CSUN much easier. I respect the hell out of Sefton, you'll hate him at first but will appreciate him tremendously if you pass.,5.0,5.0
READ EVERYTHING! AND ALWAYS COME TO CLASS!! You will at least get a C if you do that. He gives a midterm essay exam, and a prefinal, as well as a final that he makes uo himself that was ridiculously hard!!,2.5,5.0
Hard teacher who expects a lot from his students, but not a bad guy. Attend class every day, take notes, read the material, and try to think like him and you'll pass.,3.0,5.0
Do not take this class. Do not even think about taking this prof. i guarantee you will either fail or you will get a D- If you do not believe me go head and take this professor. Listen to me and do not take this prof. Those of us who took this prof know what we are talking about. This professor is the hardest grader too.,2.0,5.0
He was really rude to me and insulted me when I went to go ask for help he made me cry saying that I'm not at a University level looked up my records saw my high GPA and said tha I didn't deserve my grades I don't recommend him at all he is so rude and not helpfull I cant believe it's a lower division course too much, too hard,1.0,5.0
I took Hist. of Presidency from Sefton in '93. Class was elective but he refused to sign my drop slip so I stopped going. He later refused to give me a retro-active withdrawal after I was denied Fin. Aid. for sr year. He was very cold, unforgiving & condescending. I graduated in '94. I did learn one thing from Sefton: HOW NOT TO TREAT PEOPLE.,1.5,5.0
This was the hardest class I took this semester. There is sooo much reading. But as long as you do ALL the reading and show up to class everyday, you should at least pass with a C.,2.0,5.0
Worst teacher ever! Doesnt explain anything just lectures and quizzes. Not understanding about personal problems at all. Never returns calls! Absolutely horrible!,1.0,4.0
Dr. Sefton is sooo brilliant!! He is not as hard as everyone makes him out to be, it's just that he expects nothing less than 110%, and because of that he makes you a better student. If any history majors want to know what it's really like to be in this discipline, then definitly take Sefton!!,4.0,5.0
What a horrible experiencing I'm having with this prof.Unless you're a history major, you NEED to avoid this class. will lecture on M and W, and quiz you on the ENTIRE chapter on F on what you were supposed to read... this is the first post i've made about any professor...thats how strongly i feel the need to protect others from this prof.,1.0,5.0
be sure to read evvvvvvvverything at least 13234233509284 times,2.0,5.0
Im sure by now you have a pretty good idea about this professor from all the comments you've read, but wow his one of the worst professors you can take.His awful, boring is an understatement for this guy. He'll make stupid comments and laugh at his own jokes. He'll make you listen to his lecture and have 2 questions on the test regarding it.,1.0,5.0
This class is diffucult and may not be a good choice for a non-history major. However, if you are a history major this is the professor to take for 270. His lectures can be a bit dry (and yes is is an older guy) but the information you'll gain from this class will be very valuable. Read the books and be in class for the tests you should be ok.,5.0,3.0
wut an ****! he is like a 79 yr old drill sergeant. his lectures r BORING n have nothing to do wit the tests! DONT TAKE THIS CLASS! he needs to retire, he is discouraging and mean. he continuaslly says people fail his class n blames it on the students. APPARENTLY IF SOO MANY FAIL ITS BECUZ THE PROF DOESNT KNOW HOW TO TEACH!. wut an idiot.ihatehim,1.0,5.0
Dr. Sefton is very hard teacher, but really good with class material. If you are a History major and want to learn about US history take his class. He is the best history teacher, but really demanding.,3.5,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Congratulations! You've found the worst professor at CSUN!!! He'll give you an F, but he won't sign your drop slip!!! And, btw, i averaged 3.7 in my UPPER DIVISION MATH CLASSES. This professor sux.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
The worst professor at CSUN. Hard is an under statement.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,5.0
Ok, where do i begin? first of all this guy is crazy hard and the tests are ridiculous. If you want to learn (a lot) take this class but i'm warning you your best chance is a D. The guy isn't bad but he's really boring and you practically have to memorize all the books to get an A. he's really hard but its the most i've ever learned in one semester,2.5,5.0
PREPARE FOR A DIFFERENT TYPE OF CLASS, THIS class is very hard, it requires 3 pages of notes for every chapter... total 10 chapters. must read all 4 books to understand concepts. almost every other friday there is a quiz. THIS CLASS IS HARD! BUT IF YOU DO ALL THE WORK, and PASS THIS CLASS... YOU ARE READY FOR GRAD SCHOOL.,3.5,5.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Sefton is not a pleasent teacher. Not only does he think class is bootcamp, but his mentality is trying to enforce discipline on students who already have discipline. He does NOT make classes enjoyable what so ever, and its hard to learn and understand with a teacher who has such a negative adittude! Personaly, I think he is too old, and too angry,1.0,5.0
Worst professor I've had!!! Very hard and gives hard quizes and tests. Beware of Sefton!!!,2.0,5.0
HORRIBLE,1.0,5.0
This is a jerk very mean hard and mocking. does not prep for tests lecture has nothing to do with anything.,1.0,5.0
He is one of the worst history teachers I have ever had, and I hope to never have to take another class with him. He has a cocky attitude and seems to mock and look down on students.,2.5,3.0
Sefton is passionate about students and history. He may be condescending but it is funny. Sit in the front row and know all information covered that week by Discussion/Quiz day. Grading is fair but the tests are hard. He wants students to understand *geographical, economic, political, and social relationships relevant from 1607-1865. NO CELL PHONES,4.0,5.0
Very mean and condescending. Very hard class. Home work has nothing to do with what he talks about in class. Does not prep you for tests.,1.0,5.0
Wow this guy is a jerk hw wants way to much out of students Quizes are brutal and dont even start with the exams dont take him he is an ass. Also he is also esp mean to women. He makes fun of people in class. This is the most difficult GE class I have ever taken. Stak away from this jerk.,1.5,5.0
this guy is the hardest teacher i have EVER taken. he teaches this class as if it was an upper division class, it's general education for cryin out loud. his quizes, midterm, and final are the hardest things ever to take, even if u read the books, you'll barely pass. DON'T TAKE THIS GUY EVEN IF IT WAS YOUR LAST RESORT!!!,1.0,5.0
He loves this class and makes it pretty easy to pass, as long as you follow his rules. Don't even think of using your cellphone or laptop, he's old school and dislikes technology. Study the packets he gives you for the midterm, no final. Two photo essays and a couple written assignments here and there. Always use the active voice and cite sources!,3.5,1.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
He teaches as if you were to become a history instead of teaching the class as a general education class. He requires you to know way toooooo much information. For example, he does not want you just to know when a bill was passed he wants to know why it passed, the reason it was passed, how it was passed, and everything in between. I mean come on!,1.0,5.0
Boy, this man is the epitomy of evil. Wait till you get to his academic boot camp. Oh, and advice, dont let your cell phone go off in class or you will be writing a ten page paper, and if it isnt up to snuff, your out of the class.,2.0,5.0
Seriously difficult class, but he's a great professor for upper division. I've heard to avoid him in Lower Division, but he seems to love what he's doing in the higher level classes.,3.5,5.0
Listen people. Very tough class. Very passionate teacher. Will WAKE you up if you'r a slacker. ZERO room for B.S. You can learn a LOT, if you decide to bear through it. VERY traditional. But, beneath is a man wishing to make better students and he will help you trememdously. Give your all, do the work, and you'll be fine-- and a much better student,4.5,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Avoid this prehistoric dinosaur at all costs. The school dusts him off and brings him to teach freshmen, who end up hating school and dropping out. He holds a contempt for fair grading and makes it his sacred duty to decieve his students with obscurity and lies. To give you a feel, his syllabus is HAND TYPED on a typewriter, in big words: NO EMAIL,1.0,5.0
If you're like 99% of the people, don't take HIS class unless you absolutely must. He's weird, very republican, and not too accomodating of YOUR needs. It's his way or the highway...,2.5,5.0
He is a very tough teacher but if you are serious and do the reading you can at least pass. His tests are difficult and history is a dull subject for some but like I said if you can read and study you will pass.,2.5,5.0
Horrible class, and there are much better teachers in this department that you can take. DOnt even bother with this guy.,1.0,5.0
he is one of the best teachers i have ever had. All you have to do is read. I learned more from him than any other teacher ever. I am a slacker normally but i enjoyed all of his classes i took all but one,5.0,5.0
Seften kicks ass!!! Yes, he is difficult, but that's what he's about.,4.5,5.0
This was the most challenging class i have ever taken. It required a rediculous amount of work outside of class and hours of reading and making outlines. If i had known what i was getting into i would have never taken it, i had to ignore virtually all my other classes and focus soley on this one. way too diffucult for being a 200 level course.,3.0,5.0
i'd advise you not to take this class unless you're goal is to lower your g.p.a,1.5,5.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
I cannot believe that he is still being allowed to teach. He is an example of the most disgusting erection of evil that the history department has to offer. You have to fit a traditional kind of stature for him to even begin to like you; be like one of the good guy and gal students from his generation, then you might at least get a "C" or a "D".,1.0,3.0
,1.0,5.0
if you like to fail...take him and i promise that you will!,1.5,5.0
He pushes you to do the work and rewards you if you do. I actually like this guy, despite what everyone else says. If you've got lots of spare time (which I don't anymore) to do all the reading and note outlines, then you'll do well.,3.5,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
The WORSE Teacher I have EVER had. DO NOT Take him!! I started as a History major and changed because of his class! I cannot stress how TERRIBLE and HORRIBLE of a man and a class this was. SOOOOO disappointing and a horrific experience,1.0,5.0
He sucks.... I worked hard and read every week. Did it help? NO!!! He really works you hard, so if you like spending 5 hrs evey day studying, then take his class. I got a D, after years of never getting below a B in History. Ouch!!,1.5,5.0
Buddy, it's time to retire. Oh, wait I forgot, failing students and stroking you own ego is what you live for. Never mind!!,1.0,5.0
DO NOT TAKE! This guy should be fired. Brags about failing students! wears black on test days to prepare for your grade funeral. Totally boring, unhelpful, and hard tests. I have never studied so hard and still failed a course. First F in college! Made me hate history!,2.0,5.0
Made me hate school and U.S. history. I walked into class every week more depressed and stressed out about the class. He knows the material but he is way too hard and quite frankly he's kinda scary. Word of advice...don't take him.,2.0,5.0
DANGER!!!!!!!DANGER!!!!!!!!!!!!!If you want a semester full of stress, tears, and headachs Sefton is your man. This was the WORST teacher I have ever had. He is mad at the world and he takes it out on his students. If you need a GREAT teacher for 271, In suggest Reynolds, he is awsome,1.0,5.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER. He has no grading scale, guesses your grade. No extra Credit.,1.5,5.0
horrible...stay away from this dick!,1.0,4.0
Challenging, but I learned more from this class than most others combined,4.5,5.0
Yes he's a ball breaker... if you break the rules. Just follow the rules, do the work, go to class and MAKE AN EFFORT -- that's all it takes and you got an A. He's got a rough exterior with a heart of gold, really.,4.5,4.0
Hi is the worst thing that could happen to a student. Never take him if you have a chance of taking someone else. He will insult you if he does not agree with you. "Turn off all cell phones" you'll hear that every day. He is so boring and hard. You have to memorize the book, and it still won't help,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
This professor is way too picky and you must practically memorize the whole book in order to pass the class.Way too many details to remember. Drop the class while you can if your enrolled in it. Good luck!!!!!!!!!!,2.0,5.0
He's such a jerk. He doesn't care about his students and it seems as if he tries to fail them. If you take this class with him... all I can say is good luck...,1.5,5.0
This is one of the hardest teachers I ever had! If you want to get a bad grade, this is the class for you! He is the most boring, grumpy, and incensative man you will ever meet. His exams are as difficult as he is. You may think that you can do well in his class, but you won't!,1.0,5.0
He is such an ass when it comes to helping kids for test and examz,2.0,5.0
not a good teacher for hist 271. his lectures are on reandom events in history. he is a very serious teacher that is very hard. you have to read the whole book and it does not help. there are 3 essays and pop quizzes about the reading. not a good teacher. he thinks he is the best teacher.,1.5,5.0
This is the hardest I ever studied for a class, and I still fail his quizes. You have to know everything as well as he does in order to pass. If you're looking to fail, take him.,1.0,5.0
Thank god there are professors like this who push and challenge students. I tok three of his classes and got 2 A's and a B. I'm not even a history major. For all of you who can berely get a D, what's up with you? Go back to high school. Thanks, Doc.,4.5,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
A very challenging professor who understands the value of both teaching and learning. Well-worth taking his classes if you want to really learn. Detail-oriented, well-organized. Take him if you want to learn something!,4.5,5.0
GOSH~~~~~~if you are smart, do not take his class~!! he is mean and unfriendly, and i can bearly hear what he's talking about in class.just DON"T take him, if you want to pass!!,1.0,5.0
He is an arrogant man...hates his own life therefore tries to ruin yours. He is among the most boring prof's I have ever had.,1.0,5.0
An awfully hard teacher. If you get a D in that class consider yourself lucky.,1.5,5.0
what an @$$hole. ridiculously hard. slept in class almost everyday cuz he put me to sleep wiht those lectures. facts on stuff not remotely relevant. if you get him, drop it. D is considered passing but it will be hard ot get one.,2.5,5.0
unhelpful, not willing to clarify anything. exams are ridiculous,2.0,5.0
DO NOT TAKE HISTORY WITH THIS PROFESSOR! He is extremely mean and so unhelpful. He wears all black on test days because he is "mourning for all of you that are going to fail this exam." In my class he gave only one 'B' and failed the others.,1.0,5.0
Taking his class felt like he is preparing you to be a history professor. You pretty much have to know every single detail in the book down to the irrelevant facts like who was the presidential nominee that lost 70 years ago. I mean who cares?!.,1.5,5.0
Absolutely the most worst class to take if you have no history background. He's very mean and unfriendly when you visit his office and makes you feel like a little child.,1.0,5.0
Sefton is an ideal teacher for the student who wants to be challenged and actually learn something. He has a vast amount of knowledge, and wants to communicate this to his students. I found myself to be highly educated on the subject when class finished.,4.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
if you are looking a D for your grade, you got this guy here.,2.5,5.0
I am a history major and he actually made me not like the subject. He discriminates against female students therefore if you are young male beefcake you should definitely take his class!!! He is a boring lecturer who does not take notice if students have,1.0,5.0
Sefton was hard, but oh well. He forced me to get off my butt and actually do the reading etc. He takes a little to much pride in being difficult, but I learned a lot in his class. Honestly, his class is about as difficult as a college course should be.,3.5,5.0
made US history since 1865 HARDER and confusing than it's already is. he has a deep monotone voice, quizzes/tests are in essay form, always on time, never missed a class since 1940 x_X,1.0,5.0
He is argument against tenure. A misanthropic disaster of an instructor (I earned an A-). He is so horrible he ruined the Civil War/Reconstruction. Anyone who could ruin that course of study has a remarkable gift for not being able to teach.,1.0,5.0
He is really the worst teacher I have ever had at CSUN. And yes, I did work very very hard for his class and still got a D and this D was the lowest grade I got so far in 5 semesters. He is hard and descrimintates. That should explain it all.,2.5,5.0
Not the nicest of professors, but his witty comments make up for it. Quizzes are okay as long as you take meticulous notes and read the book. He jokes that he is the kind of professor that enjoys giving out F's instead of A's.,3.0,4.0
His classes are tough, but if you do your homework and come prepared, then there is nothing to worry about.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Sefton expects a lot from his students and rewards those willing to work hard. He is of the best professors at CSUN.,5.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
he is a very bad teacher, about 80% of the class fails or gets a "D". He is very strict and old fashon. he doesnt give any study guides nor does he announce upcoming quizes. I wouldnt suggest anyone take this class if your interest is to pass th,1.5,5.0
I LOVE DR. SEFTON!!!! HE IS THE BEST!,5.0,5.0
this professor is the worst ever. DO NOT EVER GO IN TO SEE HIM!! He pulls up personal info just to prove that he can use a computer. He will look at your high school transcripits and question your major. Very discriminatory against everyone who is not...o,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Lots and lots of reading. Class is very boring. His tests are hard. There are no mathematical points given for tests or quizzes. Overall this is a very hard class. Do not take this professor,2.0,5.0
Very unclear in lectures. His tests are outrageous and often irrelevant to the course.,1.5,5.0
he likes to play the "i'll never let you know when you have a quiz on friday's" and the " midterms and finals may be essays on anything in the entire text." he gives no outlines, no help and no sample essays or questions. very detaile,2.0,4.0
A very smart man. Also a huge ****. Way too much work. Seems very bitter about something.,2.5,5.0
Sefton makes my favorite subject the one I hate the most. I wouldn't recommend him to anyone who was in school to learn. He is prejudice and discriminates. He needs to learn to relate to students.,1.0,5.0
Intimidates and belittles students, subjective grading, poor study guide, unannouced quizes, very knowledgable about history, however he is unable to effectivly teach the material.,1.0,5.0
dr. sefton is a very hard professor but one of the best there is. it's a lot of work and many days you will say that you hate him, but in the end you'll be glad you learned so much!,5.0,4.0
i think james sefton is the WORST professor in the history of worst professors! he is an awful man who offers no help. i can't believe that he is a medium face and not a angry face!!!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
for all you lame freshmen/other college tards, sefton is one of the BEST professors in the history department. yes, he makes you work hard...but he makes you learn!! if you actually want to learn anything, TAKE HIM!!! isn't that what college is for?&#,5.0,4.0
No guidelines, no instruction. 3 major exams and a few quizzes determine your non mathematical grade. Extremely difficult.,2.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
so very very difficult. Interesting lecutres. Difficult quizes and very difficult exams. No study guides.,3.5,5.0
its time to retire....,1.0,5.0
Sefton is an unreasonable and misanthropic individual who has no business teaching. He is arbitrary and condescending. Sefton is without a doubt the worst instructor I have ever had. Fortunately, he is not reprensentative of the History Department.,1.0,5.0
His ACADEMIC BOOT CAMP SUCKS!!! If you want to work very hard for a C, I recommend this class.,3.0,5.0
He actually made me work & study! And he calls on recalcitrant students!!,5.0,5.0
Academic Boot Camp,2.5,5.0
Boot Camp,4.0,5.0
Keith York is a great lecturer. He is very entertaining and funny. Easy class.,5.0,2.0
This class is not what it seems. The book is old & Keith is nice but he seems to want more interaction in class then is natural. The subject is dead, take it if it fits your schedule but not if you want to learn something. It's not hard there just isn't a use for what we learned. You have to go to class if you want a decent grade. Waste of time but,1.5,3.0
I had high expectations for this class, but the class isn't that great. It's very ABSTRACT and Keith can sometimes be an smart-ass. I never READ... I just went to class and I got a B+. But you really need to either read or go to class to do well in this class.,2.5,3.0
Ok this class is really interesting and the prof is funny. he definately knows his stuff though. the book is a really easy read and if you go to class and read the chapters you will find the tests to be easy. Nice guy but talks alot! Recommended class!,5.0,1.0
This was the best class I've ever taken at SDSU! He knows alot about the course content (media management) but also about life. His lectures give you something you can apply to any part of your life. The tests are easy as long as you go to class, read the book and review your notes. I highly recommend this professor.,5.0,2.0
Best lecturer on campus. Just read the book, write down the lecture notes on the overhead, and LISTEN (really open your ears) to what he's talking about, and the class is a cupcake. It's not exactly cake because his exams can be a little tricky/clever.,2.5,2.0
Awesome prof! Class is so interesting I never missed it and always wanted to go... Tests are based on lecture & reading. Tests are kinda hard if you don't study, but overall an awesome class and awesome prof!,4.0,3.0
easy class. he is freakin hot.,4.0,2.0
Very good professor! This professor really challenged my thinking and had very profound ideas! There were 4 tests and no final. You must STUDY for his tests. Focus on the in class notes and the book. Try to grasp the overall ideas of his lectures and it will most of the time tie into the book. Overall, great class, I definitely recommend him!,4.5,2.0
Easy class. Lectures and text both on tests. But there are only 4 exams and they are all multiple choice. Very easy class and very interesting subject.,3.0,2.0
This class is interesting and fun, no doubt about it , York knows his stuff and he motivates you to think about real world situations. And ladies, sit in the front row because his package is on prominent display if you get bored. :),5.0,2.0
Keith is an awesome teacher.. he is hilarious and easy to relate to. He made class and learning the material enjoyable. He has experience in the subject he teaches and it shows.. I definately recommend taking his class!,5.0,2.0
Ok... I've decided Keith loves the sound of his own voice (he just goes on rants and raves all class) but he is a good teacher, has real world experience and it is a generally easy class as long as you pay attention or skim throught the book.,5.0,1.0
I had him for two classes and would love to take all of my classes with him! Because he is younger, it is easy to relate to him and he makes class interesting as heck. Does he still wear those pants?????? :),5.0,4.0
great teacher. very interesting. easy class,4.5,1.0
Funny guy. Tends to go off on topic. I would say the class is a Easy B but you will probably have to work a little harder to get a A. Read book, lectures somewhat important. Book easy to read!,3.0,3.0
Thinks outside the box- helps you understand the real world, not just textbook crap. His class is interesting and he's hilarious.,4.0,2.0
If you can take this class to fullfill a requirment...TAKE KEITH YORK! This guy has awesome lectures, test are basically off lectures and some book. He knows his stuf, makes its interesting, and applies it to our everyday life. His lectures are everything but boring.,4.5,2.0
Great Class, probablly the best class I will take in college. Keith's lectures are painless and funny. For anyone going into media related fields this class is a must. He talks about relevant issues to media. He talks about the future of media not just the past. two enthusiastic thumbs up. good holiday fun for the whole fam.,5.0,3.0
Absolutely loved the class! He knows his stuff but don't be fooled, as stated earlier, you need to pay attention and you need to go to class...one of the best lecturers on campus. Why would any not go?? Great shoe selection, but for real, one of the best teachers on campus. Take him! I took it for fun.,4.5,3.0
Easiest class I've ever taken...and most entertaining teacher. Only four tests, not cumulative. You have to attend class because half of the tests are off lecture notes (Powerpoint), but he is so funny that class flies by in no time at all! Great personality and great wardrobe!,5.0,1.0
The class seems interesting but his 2 assigments lack clarity and his final is unreasonable, 12 pages. Take it as a cr/no cr class.,4.0,2.0
Great teacher and very enthusiastic about helping you understand whats going on in the media and tech. He teaches about real world management and is super funny. 4 tests and not cumlative, you do have to study but he keeps them very direct so they're not off topic. Keeps it intresting and has great taste in shoes.,5.0,2.0
Your grade is made up from midterm, a paper/group presentation and final exam. No homework and doesn't take role. He loves teaching this subject and knows his stuff. He also likes to joke around sometimes, and is very approachable.,4.5,2.0
One of my favorite teachers at State! He teaches about real life management, encourages you to set high and limitless goals and makes the class fun and interesting. He makes fun of what's cool in pop culture and it makes you really laugh at yourself! Take the class!,5.0,2.0
He's really funny! Very excited about what he's teaching. No homework, doesn't take roll, small book. Always replies to email. 4 tests total, including the final which is NOT cumulative. Would definitely take another class from him and highly recommend.,4.5,3.0
best class ever..fun,interesting and exciting! i wish he taught more classes...,5.0,3.0
interesting and current class, it's worth going to. don't be fooled, you actually do have to put some time in studying for the tests or you'll end up with a B when you know you could have gotten an A... like me DAMIT!,3.0,2.0
this guy is awesome. Come to class, take notes, skim the main points in the book and you'll get an A. He teaches you about the real world of media management, plus his class is VERY interesting, because he is soo interested in it! He is hilarious. Take him!,5.0,1.0
If you need a break from all your other hard ass classes, take York. It's like going to the movies, just sit back, watch, and enjoy. He's a one man show. EASY class: Avg test grades were around 84% I took 16 units that semester and through his class, it felt like 13...must take.,3.5,1.0
york is a really funny guy. class is interesting and entertaining. his book is short and easy to read. the test are super easy, take this class you will enjoy it,4.0,2.0
this guy needs to teach more classes. Take him if you can. makes the class interesting, teaches real life stuff,not just text book. Just read before tests and take down all the notes and you'll do fine.doesnt use blackboard though so you have to go to class ot get the power points and your grades,4.5,2.0
Take this class! He is an awesome teacher, keeps you interested and thinking. Just read the book (its short) and take notes and your set for an easy A. I wish he taught more classes!,3.0,2.0
Awesome class. Definitely my favorite teacher at state. He should teach more classes. He makes students actually want to go to class. He is so intelligent and keeps students entertained. Go to class, study notes and read book and you'll be just fine.,4.5,2.0
Hes pretty awesome....He doesnt call himself a teacher though, says hes a great "talk-about-stuff guy", which he is. He makes the material pretty interesting; the book is pretty boring, and way expensive, but as long as you attend, its way worth it!,5.0,3.0
The class is so easy if you go, and read the book before the test. The teacher makes it interesting, and is really funny. He talks about stuff that actually matters when you graduate.,4.5,1.0
Keith is a stand-up comedian at heart. His classes are freaking funny. However, I don't konw who wrote that the guy was a babe: he is a toe. But one guy got it write: York is freaking rude in the hallway and sure doesn't want to talk to you.I recommand it,4.0,3.0
coolest teacher i have ever had, i recommend everyone take him if you can,5.0,1.0
His class is fun to go to, and he really tries to get you thinking. Likes to be argued with. Tests are easy if you come to class and read the book the day before the test. Book is very quick to read.,3.5,1.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Teacher knows his stuff and tests aren't hard. Material is common sense.,4.5,1.0
pretty chill;younger and in the professional field;knows how to relate info well,4.0,2.0
he's a babe!!! smart too!,5.0,1.0
He's really funny and the class is interesting!,4.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
some tests are easy and others are hard. it varies, but his reviews are helpful.,4.0,2.0
She is one of the best CS profs I have ever met in UW. I would definitely recommend to take her classes. Amazing lectures, very clear explanations! The course is not that easy but she makes it really fun to study.,5.0,3.0
Very knowledgeable prof. I didn't like how she talks like she's 100 times better than the students. Also hated the accent.,1.0,3.0
Very good at making her lectures feel like stories that suck you in. She is clear and much much better than the other profs that teach this course.,4.5,3.0
She scares me. I did learn from the course, but just seeing her gives me the creeps. I did get an OK grade, but it was not a pleasant experience.,1.0,5.0
What a teacher!,5.0,4.0
Though the course material was tough, she made them easy to follow with her crystal clear organized lectures. Probably one of the best CS profs @ Uwaterloo.,5.0,3.0
She is amazing!,5.0,1.0
Great professor! Really Interesting and clear classes!,5.0,4.0
A great CS prof at Waterloo. You can tell she's really passionate about her research and teaching.,5.0,3.0
Really clear. She's amazing.,5.0,3.0
I had her as a prof before the course had been changed. The course notes were extremely well-made (best of second year courses in my opinion), and her explanations of the concepts were great. After hearing the problems many students had with other professors, I began to appreciate how gettable she made these topics. She does a great job!,4.0,2.0
She is good in teaching, but not helpful after class. She even not reply email. I hate this.,2.5,2.0
HOT! OH MY GOD. SHE IS SEXY! ACTUALLY, I AM TAKING THIS COURSE AGAIN SO I CAN SEE HER. THANK YOU.,5.0,1.0
Very interesting teacher - she likes what she does and that really makes all the difference. She thinks up great ways to make the class understand different concepts, and the class is never boring! I wish she could teach all my CS classes!,5.0,1.0
She's a great teacher and made the class really interesting,5.0,1.0
Explains the concepts really well but only taught half of the course cuz she had a baby.,4.0,1.0
Very enthusiastic teacher. Won't put you to sleep. Might go a little slow at times, but still, Lec's were very clear and interesting.,3.5,2.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
Great prof! Incredibly clear explanations and easy on the eyes too. =),5.0,3.0
Biedl is da bomb!,5.0,2.0
Wonderful explainer; enthusiastic teacher. I never fall asleep in her class.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,5.0
One of the best professors at UW.,5.0,4.0
The best prof I've ever had!!!!,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
Teaches well, but exams & assignments are way too hard. Avoid her as prof.,3.0,5.0
knows her stuff,5.0,2.0
No comment,4.0,3.0
One of the intelligent female profs out there...,4.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
Graph Person, Love Teaching,5.0,2.0
Well Organized, Clear Speaking. This woman thinks out of the box!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
Biedl Rocks!,5.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Prof. Biedl goes out of her way to help her students. She's first-rate!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
Great teacher!!,5.0,3.0
she loves graph,4.0,4.0
The modules are extremely long and boring. The concepts are unorganized and not explained well at all. The assignments are extremely long and difficult, with the averages being around 40-60%. The material taught is also absolutely not enough to do the assignments, which take a few days to even digest and understand what is going on.,2.0,5.0
Most of the course materials are readings and only a couple of very short videos inserted in really long and tedious reading materials. Concepts are not very organized. Even you read many times to understand the material, assignments are completely another story. Spent a lot of time and learned nothing.,1.0,5.0
Great prof, but teaches all content in class - the slides are useless if you don't attend lectures. The course CS234 is very abstract, so be prepared for lots of theory of programming.,4.0,3.0
very nice person. clear and engaging,5.0,2.0
Naomi explains material very clearly. Her assignments were very helpful, it really motivated use to understand the material without taking too much time. Her exams were fair, as it is mostly conceptual, so it is not likely to make silly mistakes, but you really need to understand the material to do very well.,5.0,3.0
Concise, clear, easy to understand. The best CS prof !!!,5.0,2.0
Naomi is great teacher who teaches stuff very clearly and although I did not study any computer science in high school, I still got the highest mark in my whole term.,5.0,2.0
While she does well at teaching the material, she reads the course notes verbatim. Going to class can be helpful but it's nothing you can't teach yourself anyway. She also goes to through the material very slow which can make the lectures extremely boring.,4.0,4.0
great teacher. very clear,5.0,1.0
Prof. Nishimura is incredibly considerate. She makes sure that students can see the board from every seat. She also pauses after every slide to answer questions. She goes over the material slowly enough so that everyone understands but not too slowly as to irritate the quick learners. Overall she's an awesome prof!,5.0,1.0
Very knowledgable. But skipped some obvious details that are not obvious to me,5.0,2.0
Energetic and helpful lectures! Easy to stay awake, even at 9:30am..,5.0,1.0
Very nice woman. Pretty good teacher. Very helpful if you have problems!,5.0,1.0
Gawd, she is SO hot.,4.5,3.0
my favourite prof this term, extremely clear explanations and very helpful!,5.0,2.0
She is the professor that cares the least about her students at UW,1.0,4.0
...,5.0,3.0
Great prof. Very kind, and has the best analogies for explaining course material.,5.0,1.0
Awesome prof! Though the material was hard, she is very clear and makes it easier. I really enjoyed her teaching. Extremely helpful!,5.0,2.0
Excellent professor. Genuine concern for students, crystal clear explanations, and challenging yet reasonable assignments that make you feel accomplished. Highly recommended.,5.0,3.0
Great prof, she really cares about your understanding of the course. Very clear and helpful. The material is relatively easy compared to other CS courses, however, it's not very applicable :P,5.0,2.0
I'll always remember the class when she explained the Pumping Lemma... "We want to pump the tree" and "We want the tree to be fully bushy"... First X-rated CS course at Waterloo,4.0,2.0
She is an amazing prof! Really understands the material and really cares about how the students perform. He tests, assignments, and exams were very fair. She did leave some exercises for us in class, which was a little annoying but overall, amazing at explaining and with one-on-one help. I whole-heartedly recommend her to anyone!,5.0,2.0
I passed, so I guess she wasn't too bad,4.0,4.0
Wonderful Prof. She explains things very clearly and really wants students to understand the material. Her examples were mostly from the text, but were helpfull nonetheless.,4.5,3.0
Very lucid lectures, actualy cares about how students perform, overall a great teacher for a very atypical (but I'm not complaining!) CS course,5.0,3.0
Her explanations and teaching style are aimed at only the really smart kids. No point in going to class unless you have an IQ of 180. Read the text instead.,3.0,4.0
VERY VERY HARD EXAMS... I took CS466 in my 4B term I almost needed a 4C term! I end up getting mid 60s in that class lucky enough, I still get to go on and do Master's.,3.0,5.0
She's the only teacher for whose lectures i woke up at 7:30am.,5.0,2.0
Best teacher ever for a boring computation and complexity course. Can even make the dumb ppl like me understand CS. Assignments really helpful. Do them all.,5.0,2.0
She's very cocky, and really has not helped my understanding with this course whatsoever. I really don't understand these other ratings - all I've done is read the text - much better than her trite examples.,1.0,4.0
Simlpy the best prof imaginable for a CS theory course... Words cannot describe how wonderfully she teaches pumping lemma.,5.0,3.0
Great lectures!!,5.0,2.0
Great teacher. Knows which area of the course the students might have difficulty with and always suggest helpful ways to deal with them. Going to her lectures are very worth while.,5.0,2.0
Farily clear descriptions, but I had notes from a previous term that were better. Went over her time almost every day.,3.0,3.0
Very nice! Very willing to help the students...,5.0,3.0
excellent professor. clearly understands what concepts may be difficult to grasp and explains them properly. .. hzp.,5.0,2.0
Very helpful outside class for clarification/help. Assignment are sometimes long and not clear on what to do. Textbook is really not organized well.,4.5,2.0
leaves too many things as exercises which are very hard to do,3.0,3.0
Very Good. Extremely clear.,4.5,2.0
Very good prof.,5.0,2.0
Very good prof, easy exams. Take her course rather than her husband's!,4.0,2.0
Very knowledgable. But skipped some "obvious" details that are not obvious to me,4.0,2.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
Nice Prof,4.5,2.0
I love her lectures!,5.0,4.0
Very Nice Prof. Always has time to help students,5.0,4.0
Energetic and helpful lectures. Easy to stay awake, even at 9:30am,5.0,2.0
Nice prof,4.5,1.0
Nice teacher. Nice teaching style. DIFFICULT tests/assignments!,4.0,5.0
Very nice woman. Pretty good teacher. Very helpful if you have problems,5.0,3.0
sweeeeet like candy. very understandable,4.0,2.0
explains stuffs really well...,5.0,4.0
His slides suck. They are wrong and not helpful at all. His writing is horrible. When he makes mistakes in class, he'd blame the coffee. Voice so soft in class. Not helpful at all overall. Always says, "some people are just brighter", that's just cus he is able to explain things well.,1.5,4.0
He is definitely NOT a good prof. He doesn't make use of the board! Stands in front of the class with his hands in his pockets. Where's the interaction?!,1.5,5.0
Amazing professor. People complain about hard class didn't do the work. Assignments took a bit of thinking (not much).,5.0,3.0
I agree! It's not his fault the course itself was difficult! He was very nice, and put lots of effort in his teaching. He does a good job clarifying existing theorems and various concepts, but given the nature of the subject, it's just not easy teaching students HOW to solve these things. You just sort of get it or you don't. Overall, good prof tho,4.5,5.0
To the one saying he's an awful prof: NOT FAIR!! This course is hard, and he already tried his best to teach. There's nothing he can do to change the difficulty of this course.,2.0,4.0
High-level hand waving describes his teaching style. Extremely vague lectures, ridiculously difficult assignments and midterms. Awful prof.,1.0,5.0
Extremely nice prof with a high degree of enthusiasm towards the subject material, which was interesting. Very detailed slides (in a good way) reflecting an obvious dedication to teaching. Lots of great jokes in class liven the atmosphere. Only complaint is that the slides change after I've printed them. One of my favorite courses to date.,4.0,4.0
Really nice guy who tries quite hard to make a good course. He makes funny jokes that help liven up the atmosphere! Assignments were tough but not as bad as cs483! The course material has a lot of linear algebra, so be ready!,3.0,4.0
Overall a nice prof,3.5,5.0
Doesn't care about students. Went for help and received none. He doesn't seem interested in answering your questions (out side of class). Monotonic voice + inappropriate jokes at times. Boring person. Nevertheless materials are interesting. Lecture notes not very organized and coherent (he's re-organizing materials this term). Expectation high!,1.5,5.0
Slow at times. Boring at times. Not bad style. Seems very likeable, willing to answer questions. Slides mostly organized. Overall a decent prof.,3.5,4.0
nice course notes, not very excited but explained everything clear, helpful outside class, assignments are not hard, midterm and finals are fair.,3.5,3.0
slightly better than Alex Lopez but still very listless...sleep inducing lectures and brutal exams, not the best Algorithm teacher in general,1.0,5.0
Is that cough contagious or is he trying to quit smoking? Very interesting lectures, though. Not always sequential but concepts explained well. Fancy writing - almost as fancy as his ties!,4.5,5.0
Interesting lectures but often lost student perspective (we're not all Molecular Biologists!). Assignments are a bit vague with unclear expectations. An expereinced TA would have been handy as prof couldn't manage to respond to requests promptly.,3.0,3.0
Very unhelpful. Did not seem like he cared about the course, teaching or the students in general.,1.5,5.0
with Tomas Vinar as second prof. Dunno who made the assignments and exams, but very very hard. Tests how clever you are, not how well you know the material.,2.0,5.0
Sounds like Yogi Bear,5.0,5.0
clear in teaching, organized, better than zima,4.5,2.0
Good teacher but his exams tested the most insignificant details from the text.,5.0,3.0
Clean and clear lectures. There's only so much you can do with OS.,3.5,4.0
Needs to keep the gloves up a bit on midterms,4.0,3.0
funny, interesting, clear. Often has corners on his shirts - take out cardboard,5.0,1.0
generally lousy and dresses in the dark.,2.0,5.0
Great OS prof. Not exciting/funny, but clear and easy to follow,4.0,3.0
Very organized, but he has a very monotone voice that puts you to sleep.,4.5,3.0
he knows this course like the back of his hand!,5.0,4.0
Well dressed man!,3.5,5.0
Doesn't appreciate a beautiful tossed salad when he sees one.,3.0,4.0
his references to punch card days ring in my head all the time,2.5,4.0
OS was killer, but Forbes has some groovy shirts! Very stylin'!,4.0,3.0
decent prof, but totally unprepared in morning versions of OS,3.5,2.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
found lectures clear...not the most entertaning guy in the world, but defntly ok,3.5,2.0
He made O/S, a brutal course, even worse! He is SO dry and boring!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Colonel Sanders explains page tables and choice of quantum good!,4.0,2.0
very good lucture,4.5,2.0
FB does a great job of explaining areas of O/S he knows stds struggle with,5.0,3.0
knowledgeable, and organized.,5.0,4.0
She is so opinionated about education, if your ideas don't fit her criteria she won't like you. Her ideologies about education is outdated, and her projects are nothing but busy work. Her class was nothing but reading and writing from her book. She never grades fairly on any assignments, and going to office hours doesn't help you either. Good Luck!,1.0,4.0
One of the best teachers here. She has so much energy and lively. Her class is very easy. Although a lot of reading and writing, the books she chose were interesting and the assignments are easy and easy points so Its OK if you miss one or two. However I suggest do well the quiz and midterms because it is majority of the grade. Overall Awesome !,4.5,2.0
She is so lively and fun. The class is not very challenging, however there is a lot of writing. You will not get bored in her class! I highly recommend her.,4.5,1.0
One of my favorite professors I've ever had. Very knowledgable on her subject. Makes class discussions very fun. Exams are take home. Only problem is that 1 point equals 1%. But as long as you pay attention and do as she asks you should do well in the class.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Harmon's lectures are fun to listen to. You will never be bored. Her grading system is pretty rough though. Each point is 1% and she can be pretty strict on your papers. To get an A, you can only lose 6 points. There's a lot of homework (if you plan to succeed and do it).,4.0,4.0
Awesome Teacher! There is a lot of reading, but the books are great. The assignments given aren't very hard if you do the reading and the teacher is very enthusiastic. She makes class worth while. I would recommend her to anyone!,5.0,4.0
Dr. Harmon is great. The books are interesting, and the projects help education students in their future endeavors. She keeps the class engaged and is a very lively instructor. She teaches some valuable lessons, and I would definitely recommend her!,4.5,3.0
Mary Harmon is probably one of the coolest teachers I've had! She loves to laugh and she made her classes interesting! I loved all of the books we had to read except for one! If you keep up on the reading and put effort into your work you will do good! :],4.5,4.0
Dr. Harmon is the best teacher that I have ever had! She does an excellent job at keeping the class interesting. It seems as if time flys by when in her class. Every lesson is strategically planned and time is never wasted. She is energetic and full of helpful information. She makes her students feel intelligent. You should definitely take Engl 370,5.0,2.0
She picks favorites so if you are one of her "chosen" ones you will do fine in the class, however if you are not be prepared to work your butt off and receive a B at the end of the semester,1.0,4.0
Worst Teacher I have ever had at Saginaw Valley State University,1.0,4.0
A very judgmental person and hypocritical. Very rude on many occasions, her assignments were pointless and useless and many classmates other then myself felt they did not learn anything in the class.,2.5,3.0
This woman is crazy, she also talks about politics and basically I learned NOTHING from her,1.5,4.0
Class is really fun, you write a review over chapters weekly but they arent bad. Harmon is super nice and keeps class interesting! I HIGHLY recommend her!!!,5.0,2.0
Two page analyses due almost every time the class met. Keep up with these and you'll do well in the class. I was usually just annoyed by her too enthusiastic, too opinionated personality. I found it very egotistical that she required us to buy, read, and write 2 page papers of praise on every chapter of the book she wrote.,3.5,2.0
Very Nice Teacher. Class is a little hard because of lots of reading but other than that if you just do what is asked she makes it very easy to pass.,4.0,3.0
The class work and reading assignments are easy but there's a ton of both; I found the class difficult to keep up in, especially with a full school load. She's a great teacher though, very excited and knowing about her material; you will learn a lot!,4.5,2.0
Great Teacher. By far my favorite professor i have had here at SVSU. She is really interested in what she teaches and most of the books that are assigned are good. Take her if you can :),5.0,2.0
Dr. Harmon really knows the subjects she is teaching. Very up beat and funny too. Class is very easy when you work ahead and remember to participate in class discussions, this is what Dr. Harmon really likes!! Esay A as long as you can keep up with the workload.,4.0,2.0
She's actually really nice and very (maybe even too) enthusiastic about teaching. She's a little stubborn about her opinion being the only right opinion, and she's often kinda vague about assignments, but it's still a class I'd recommend, even though I failed--it was my own fault, attendance is REALLY important in her class.,2.0,4.0
AWESOME!,4.5,5.0
OMG this teacher expects you to be perfect. Very unclear directions. LOTS of work. Watch out for mech/tech errors, even after U have your paper checked over at the writng center. U must be perfect. She is nice person, not a good teacher. She spends more time on one thing & does not teach everything she should. I got a B+ & worked my butt off. RUN !,2.0,5.0
Enthusiastic and knowledgeable. I learned a lot last spring in her class. Not an easy A--but who respects an easy A?,4.5,2.0
An excellent class--I realize that now even more than I did in June. Not an easy grader--but a very good teacher,4.5,4.0
Dr. Harmon is very demanding, but an excellent professor. I learned a great deal from this course. The work load for 370 was huge, especially for a spring course. If you really want to learn and are not afraid of having to work hard and having a professor with high standards, I recommend Dr. Harmon. If you are looking for an easy A, run fast!,4.0,4.0
Worked extremely hard in this class and just got a B. Several papers, a presentation and a 10 to 11 page final are very time consuming. Don't go to her office for help, because you don't get any. Language in Education is not what you are expecting - choose another class from this grouping.,1.0,5.0
Do not expect an A in this class. Expects writings to be as if professional, linguist writing and writing own book. Very unclear explanations of what expects and not helpful in one on one meetings. If you think you know a lot about writing, you will quickly learn you know nothing.,1.0,5.0
HARD grader, class only worth 100 pts. so its pretty hard to get a good grade since there are SO many papers assigned. Our whole class thought they were gonna fail. VERY energetic and spunky in class. The class seems easy at first until the assignments start. Just try to get on her good side.,2.5,4.0
Still assigns A LOT of work and is a hard grader. She keeps talking of how well I write now but still grades like crap. She even assigned a long paper over spring break! We are not trying to write a book like she is so we dont need to be perfect in order to get an A! someone needs to tell her.,3.0,4.0
Dr. Harmon is a great professor, I was good at english and I thought taking 080 was crazy but after taking her class she has helped my improve dramatically. Her class was always fun, she is always excited to be there and gives help to anyone when they need it. Take her if you can!!!,5.0,1.0
A wonderful teacher! Loves each and every one of her students. She will help you when she can. Take her you you can,5.0,1.0
Wonderful lady, i wish i could have her every year, she knows you on a personal level, is open to any questions and actually cares!!!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
Really nice lady, but expects a lot from students. She grades very hard and demands the best. Loves to assign a ton of reading. Her class is really interesting and current. I learned quite a bit.,4.0,4.0
She sometimes acts fake energetic, but she really tries to help students. She assigned way too many papers this semester, but she said she wouldn't do it to her next class. Overall, she was good, just work hard and you will be fine.,4.5,2.0
I thought I would never make it through her class. She tore my writing up and spit it out several times, but she's the best professor I ever had at SVSU. She cares and will work with you if you ask. A whole lot of work, but it's worth it!,5.0,5.0
She gives way too much work. At least 1 paper due a week, 3 7-10 page papers and an exam. We also had 9 novels to read. Grading is too hard, but she makes class fun, although she expects way too much from people. We have more than one class you know.,3.5,5.0
I learned so much about how to teach ELA. She modeled what she "preached.",4.5,3.0
Great teacher! A lot of work.. but you'll learn a lot! Its not a "busy" work class.,5.0,4.0
She is a very energetic and exciting teacher. I looked forward to going to her class everyday, but often disagreed with her grading system. When I ask why something is graded the way it was, she had no clear explanation.,3.5,2.0
Interesting, challenging, fun,5.0,3.0
I loved the class. I had it in the spring and we did a LOT of work. She is tough but fair. I learned a lot about writing for myself as well as how to teach writing.,4.0,4.0
The post about trying harder to impress than to teach was right on. She also spends more time trying to convince students she isn't a man-hater than she does actually treating both sexes the same. I feel sorry for men who must deal with her.,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
I really did enjoy taking her class. She is a bit hard though. However, she is always open to help you. She seems to enjoy teaching very much and that makes you enjoy her class.,5.0,4.0
The class was tough, but I learned a lot from her! If you miss a lot of classes don't bother signing up for her classes.,4.0,4.0
Alegend in her own mind. Tries hard to impress. Doesn't try as hard to teach.,1.5,4.0
I learned a lot about what it means to teach high school English.,5.0,4.0
very helpful, wonderful teacher,4.5,3.0
Awesome teacher! She really helped me become a great teacher!,5.0,4.0
Very likeable, but sometimes tries too hard to be impressive.,2.0,5.0
Hey, I saw some negative ratings for this prof. He always had time to help after and outside of class. I think he was a top-notch prof.,4.5,3.0
Wow...I thought I knew physics until this class. It has a lot of math, but Kubica has great examples and is a good prof.,5.0,3.0
This is a hard course, but he seems to really care about the students, and he knows his stuff.,5.0,2.0
The project in this class was great...it made learning dynamics fun. Cool prof.,4.5,4.0
He's a good guy, just don't ask him difficult questions and u'll be fine. Some of the funniest lectures attended were by him.,4.5,3.0
Marking scheme is totally out of wack. Teaches way too many (important) concepts at the end of the semester. Stay on top of your assigned questions, or you will definitely be disappointed with your mark.,1.0,5.0
Very Hard prof. He teaches the course and acts like a normal prof but thats ONLY on the outside. Watch out for the exam if you think you know everything, you dont!,2.0,5.0
For a four month course Dynamics covers a lot of material... really they should look at taking some sections out. The marking scheme is way too specific.,2.0,5.0
Taught almost the whole exam in last 2 weeks. Promised not to, but did anyways. Beware of speech before course eval, he'll pull a fast one on you if you're not watching (even if you are).,2.5,5.0
Great prof. Nice guy. Teaches very clearly from the textbook. He does his part and if you do his and study you'll do well in the course. Has a respect for any religious student and does not curse and swear in class like some profs making it an enjoyable learning environment.,5.0,2.0
Kubica is a good teacher with no time management skills. However, the trick is to just memorize the answer key solutions and you'll be alright. People say it's harder than statics, but I got a much higher average in this one.,3.0,4.0
This man is a talking textbook, except the textbook can explain concepts but he cannot. His evaluations are harsh, because if your solution doesn't look exactly like the answer key, then its wrong. This means he's either lazy or stupid. Either one is bad!,1.0,5.0
nice guy, will help you when he can, but he has no time management skills. Covered everything that was on the final in a week!! and worst marking scheme ever,2.5,4.0
This guy is NOT qualified to teach physics OR any other technical course for that matter. He has NO knowledge on ANYTHING. Do all you can to avoid him as a teacher--he WILL ruin your future.,1.0,5.0
Nice guy...started off teaching alright but when finals were around the corner...BAM...starts covering chapters (many sections) within one lecture and a final exam on those units...course was alright...exam was COMPLETELY MESSED UP and screwed a lotta ppl,3.0,5.0
Horrible exams. Great prof, but doesn't know to manage time, covered 3 units in last 2 lectures. Core of exam was based on these units.,3.5,3.0
1 month of material during the last week spells burnout for students entering finals,3.5,4.0
An Excellent and Thoughtful prof,5.0,4.0
Worst prof - even worse than the ones who can't speak English,2.0,4.0
A nice guy, but a horrible prof.,1.5,5.0
Learn tough material from text.Nicest man alive,very helpful,tries hard 4 stdts,3.5,4.0
He is extremely unclear and made the testbook everyone's bestfriend,2.0,4.0
Its hard to pay attention in class,2.5,3.0
Eek the Cat... Kumbaya guys physics is easy!,2.0,5.0
Too smart for us!,4.5,3.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
He doesn't have the most engaging voice, but he's very clear about ideas, proofs, motivations, and where the class is going. He's also very reasonable and lenient about things such as CrowdMark slip-ups. I would definitely take a class with him again (CO342) as he's an all around solid prof.,4.0,3.0
When a professor walks in with no notes, no computers, no textbooks or what-so-ever, you know it will be a great professor,5.0,4.0
Bruce definitely knows the concepts and clearly has lots of experience in Combinatorics - especially in Graph Theory. However, perhaps part due to his style of teaching without pre-written notes, he makes a few mistakes here and there during proofs and example questions which ultimately leads to slower course progress. A fair prof, not fantastic.,3.0,4.0
I like this prof, he is very nice and always smile,5.0,4.0
Bruce is at times unclear and sometimes can seem unprepared for class, but overall he is an extremely nice man which made me really like him as a professor by the end of the course. I would recommend him to my peers,3.0,4.0
Decent prof. Not great, not terrible. Native english speaker. Meanders a bit too much when teaching, and sometimes doesn't seem to have the lesson planned (or has made mistakes). Fair assignments,midterm,& final. However, I felt like the lectures weren't very informative-the course notes were absolutely crucial for this class. Overall average prof.,3.5,2.0
Excellent prof. Works at a slow, thorough speed, but not annoyingly so. Assignments and final were fair, midterm was crazy easy. Lots of bonus questions for credit on assignments if that's your kind of thing. Only criticism is sometimes it felt like he prepped his lecture 20 minutes before starting and was figuring stuff out along with you.,4.5,2.0
One of the best prof's I have had at Waterloo. He emulates all the qualities a great professor should have. Assignments/Midterm were at a medium difficulty. However his final was VERY long and a bit towards to hard side. But if you are a fan of interesting problems, you won't be let down, be it on the final, midterm or assignments.,5.0,3.0
reasonable assignments and midterm, very clear and helpful lectures, unfair and just downright VENGEFUL exam which was mostly made up of unexpectedly difficult questions with hard to formulate proofs. exam was also too long by a significant margin.,4.0,5.0
If you've ever read 'How to Solve It' by George Polyas, Dr. Richter mimics all the traits outlined by that book for a great prof. Assignments get gradually harder, (sometimes are unclear but send him an email and he'll respond within a day) and midterms are fair. Great style of teaching and never undermines the student. Take his courses!,5.0,2.0
Easy midterm/assignments, difficult final exam. He works hard in class and definitely knows his stuff, always prepared for questions. Reminds me of Menezes in his style.,5.0,3.0
Overall very effective prof. Makes the students work through the proofs, rather than just stating the theorem and writing down the proof. Teaches you how to think through the problems and will not readily give you the answer. Great for actually learning the material.,3.5,4.0
Definitely a different approach to teaching...guides students through most proofs, which kept me more entertained than the usual theorem, proof, theorem, proof classes... Assignments were fairly tricky, but he's very helpful if you ask. Final was a little difficult. His genuine enthusiasm for the material and for teaching is evident.,4.0,3.0
Wow! This is what I was hoping University would be like from the begining. He didnt lecture, he taught us by directing our class disscussion. I loved it! I learnt so much, and really felt engaged. His assignments/exams aren't necessarily easy, but if you are willing to learn how to think, take his class, he will exercise you mind. Its refreshing!,4.5,3.0
Hard to follow his lectures.,3.0,5.0
Fantastic teaching style - he works with the class to develop the material instead of just telling you what the theorems/proofs are. Definitely a prof for people who want to learn, NOT if you're just in it for the credit/mark.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
Had him in 1B - he was very unorganized. He relied way too much on the class to discuss lecture topics instead of teaching the material (not good for a math course). He also sounds EXACTLY like Chris Farley from the SNL sketch with motivational speaker Matt Foley - "...IN A VAN DOWN BY THE RIVER!",2.5,3.0
he tries to sound very clear. every word he says is very clear. but all together doesn't make sense,3.0,3.0
He is so confusing.he cant explain****,makes stuf harder than it seems,pure useless outside the class.classes are boring cz u try to understand and u follow him but he'd make u lose him..stupid hard quizes and fair exam,he is not a good marker AT ALL.,1.0,5.0
Classes were very confusing. His "proof by class discussion" often led to messy, hard to follow, and obfuscated proofs that were sometimes wrong. I would avoid him if you can.,1.0,4.0
While lecturing, he's not very clear, but he would always have after class tutorials which only 10-20 students went to. There he was able to explain concepts far better. Final was very tough though,4.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Easy assignments, difficult midterm/final. I didn't find he explained concepts very clearly, especially since he solicits ideas from the class which often leads to confusing or incorrect attempts to prove theorems. Course notes were a godsend.,2.5,3.0
Insists on "challenging" students, leaving many of them in the dust. Teaching doesn't reflect notes. Notes are not very useful as a resource for assignment/quiz material. I've heard better reviews of other profs who teach 103.,2.0,5.0
I dunno whether all my confusion is because of him or due to the nature of the content in the course. Regardless of the cause, I found myself lost far too often. However, I will note that both he and the TA's are extremely helpful.,3.5,4.0
this class is insane... class average on midterm 52%, don't take with him!! very very bad,2.0,5.0
funny but can't teach! if you are smart and can self-teach yourself math then he is your guy! for average students just avoid if you can!,1.0,5.0
Okay Prof. Hard Midterm but Reasonable Exam and Assignments.,3.5,3.0
Yo dude, I don't come to your class to listen to your pathetic jokes. Get yourself together and be serious about lectures!,1.0,5.0
Very bad at explaing things! He takes a whole lecture to do a proof then says it is all wrong at the end of class! DROP THE BIKE AND GET ON THE TREDMILL!,1.0,4.0
Proves every theorem using pictures. Comprehensive proofs are required on assignments and exams, but absent in class.,2.0,4.0
What's going on here? Richter is an excellent prof, and the midterm and final are both VERY reasonable. If you hate the course don't blame your prof, blame it on your dislike of Math.,4.5,3.0
He is teaching Froshs math 115 now. Well, it is much better to let him teach math 115 instead of co 103 because this messed-up guy will completely mess you up! Also congradulation for those lucky froshs who don't have to have him for co 103.,1.0,5.0
Bad at explaining things. He has no lesson plan, just improvises as things goes along. Boring.,1.0,3.0
He looks like peter grifin from Family Guy, and he likes the word 'modulo'. Hard course, horrible prof.,2.0,5.0
Brilliant man, *REALLY* knows his stuff, never flinches. Awesome at explaining things, very helpful. If only the course itself wasn't so difficult....,5.0,4.0
He likes to make everything simple and fun so we can turn the attention away from the bloody hard midterm and final, what a devil's advocate....,1.0,5.0
Extremely disorganized, exam questions don't reflect material covered.,1.0,5.0
Very hard course and disorganized lectures led to a rough time...,3.5,5.0
It was a tough course, with a tricky exam, But he did offer a lot of help...,3.5,4.0
Does anyone want to comment on the exam?,4.0,5.0
Great guy, funniest prof in my first term, hardest course though,4.0,4.0
very helpful, his exams are great,4.0,2.0
What's (3x + 2) ^ house ??,2.0,5.0
It's amazin' what you could learn from him.,5.0,2.0
very fun prof,4.5,4.0
Always willing to help and answer questions. But has to keep temper in check.,4.5,1.0
he is good. but fatal to pick on Kurutowski's theorem. always changes him mind,3.0,5.0
His class was the only course I liked in 5 years - RH,5.0,3.0
Very nice prof, I hope to have him again,4.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Am I the only one who thinks he sounds a little like Preston Manning?,5.0,1.0
my best prof in 1B,4.5,2.0
Nice guy! very enthusiastic,3.5,3.0
Cool guy!,4.5,1.0
He looks like that guy from Family Guy,4.0,3.0
Tries to be funny... Doesn't work most of the time. Nevertheless, a good prof,4.5,3.0
No Comments,3.0,2.0
Zoran is clearly unfit to teach Amath 373, he didn't release any grades until the final stretch of the course. He didn't provide any help, did not say what the final was on, nor was the final fair at all. 4 of the questions were not from the course in any way. Take quantum physics 2 not this course. Although I got a good grade, I learned nothing.,1.0,4.0
First time AMath231 is offered online due to COVID-19 I guess. The recorded lectures are pretty clear and concise (although the written notes sometimes could be hard to read) and very logical explanation by Prof Miskovic. The assignments are pretty easy if you understand the lectures content well.,5.0,3.0
Not sure what happened with him and our class but he was very passive aggressive - openly mentioned a few times how he was surprised our class didn't know how to graph hyperbolas. Also has a particular aggressive tone when asking for his help after class. Our class had a mutual dislike with him. Don't know what happened.,1.0,3.0
He is one of the worst professors the university of waterloo has to offer. Very disorganized, lectures are essentially useless as you learn nothing from attending. Accent very thick. Midterm and final were brutal. Assignments do not reflect lectures whatsoever. Horrible teacher, but a pretty nice guy,1.0,5.0
4th year student who took this course with him and received my lowest mark in university. His final exam was harder than the assignment questions.,1.0,5.0
Zoran Miskovic and a great professor are like Brownian motion - Nowhere differentiable (with probability 1 a.s.),4.0,3.0
Zoran was funny and engaging but quiet and hard to hear at times. Overall great guy but try to sit near the front to hear him.,4.0,4.0
His lectures are very confusing. Tends to be unorganized and his accent makes it more difficult to follow.,1.0,4.0
Dr. Miskovic is a really good professor. He does have a strong accent, but it is not bad at all. I enjoyed my classes with him. He is a nice guy, he cares about his students and he provides them with help for the project. With a physics background, I enjoyed his stochastic class.,4.5,3.0
Zoran is a really nice guy, but his lectures jump all over the place. One minute, it's stochastic processes. The next, it's physics, physics, engineering, physics, more stochastic processes, stuff about dust particles... There's no cohesiveness. Engineering students might like it because of his penchant for physical motivation, but I didn't.,3.5,2.0
his accent is confusing. his lecture is confusing. very little help when it goes to the project!,2.0,3.0
I don't know why but I do not follow his lectures at all, even if I try to review every lecture after I got home. I am always so lost and have no idea what he's talking about. :(,1.5,5.0
He's not the clearest guy in the world.,3.5,4.0
Difficult assignments, very easy midterm, pretty hard final. Lectures were hard to follow (went to maybe a fifth of them though). Nice guy. Learned a lot from the course, though.,3.5,4.0
Zoran's lectures are generally very difficult to follow, with no clear outline as to the topic or point. Our assignments were stupidly long and much too difficult. His exams were definitely challenging but not impossible. Would reccomend getting a solid textbook if you have him. Incredibly nice guy, though, so office hours were useful too.,2.5,5.0
A nice and reasonable man. But his teaching was so confusing. He usually starts his lecture from nowhere without explaining what is going to do and why.,2.0,4.0
Very long and difficult assignments, midterm was easy but the final was incredibly hard. Very hard to follow / keep up with him in lectures, he goes fast.,2.0,5.0
Zoran has many qualities of a great professor, but there are areas in which he needs improvement. He doesn't motivate material, nor does he make the problems feel physical/real. To me, this course is simply applied calculus and linear algebra. Despite getting high assignment and midterm marks, I have little understanding of quantum mechanics.,3.0,3.0
Good initially, then when the hard stuff hit everything became somewhat incomprehensible. He is very good at giving applied examples, which is fantastic coz you see a use for what you are learning.,3.5,5.0
Zoran is a great prof for Quantum. He knows the material like the back of his hand. His lectures are well organized and motivated. He was really helpful outside of class, too. Overall a great experience. I would absolutely recommend this prof.,5.0,3.0
absolutely useless lectures. this person has no idea how to taech engineers - but the nerds from math might love him though. i assume he is a great scientist but an awful teacher. his answer to the question makes the question even more confusing. he focuses on useless theory which you never apply on exam. midterm reflects assignments closely.,1.0,3.0
zoran is one of those misunderstood geniuses. he knows everything there is to know about math... his daughter is pretty sexy too... kind of looks like him. -duca,5.0,1.0
He seldom prepares for the lectures and is quite disorganized,1.5,4.0
The guy cares about his classes, which is damn rare. Also can drink pretty much anyone under the table.,4.5,4.0
Excellent,4.0,2.0
very awesome guy, good lectures, well explained material (stop talking in class and you'll hear him) and very helpful outside of class, fair exam,5.0,2.0
He liked our class, so it was easy, and he was sort of funny, but definitely not an exceptional educator,2.0,2.0
KNOWS his Calculus, and his lectures are never dull.,4.0,3.0
Best prof I had this term.,5.0,1.0
he totally spoke at my level. he covered the material in the depth needed.,5.0,4.0
enthusiastic, willing to help. But what has kissing to do with limits? pi h,3.5,4.0
cool guy,4.0,3.0
you'll probably appreciate him more after the course is over... decent guy,4.0,3.0
Legend on campus. Sneaky, but nice nice nice. Just ask for help. Don't whistle!!,4.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
awesome,5.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
clear, concise,5.0,3.0
'though it may not be obvious at first, Zoran has 'mad' teaching skills!,4.5,2.0
He is the best Calc prof after Tenti. Pretty cool! 1 of my favs,4.5,2.0
Super nice!! Loves teaching the subject. He really cares too.,4.5,3.0
The coolest prof i've had. Hilarious.,5.0,2.0
"Find the leemit as x approaches" . Funny guy and quite helpful,4.0,2.0
Wasn't my course or prof. Went to his lectures though and did great!,5.0,2.0
can be rude but also very helpful,4.0,2.0
Funny & entertaining, likes to "focus" too much,5.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Knows his stuff, and puts in a lot of extra time to help us.,5.0,2.0
Zoran is one of the best Calculus prof I've ever met!,4.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
pretty good explanations. excellent board notes.,4.5,3.0
ZORRO! Remember: 1 = unity and Limit = Leeemit. Provided many help sessions.,4.0,2.0
Smart, funny. Really helpful. Excellent lectures! He is cool!,5.0,2.0
Insightful, helpful, brilliant, actually cares about his students. Bravo.,4.5,4.0
enjoys calc a little too much..... "HIGH SCHOOL!",3.5,3.0
Nice guy. Really knows his calculus and I think I will too by finals.,4.5,2.0
Very helpful - come to tutorial. Really cares about his students.,4.5,2.0
A bit hard to understand, but really caring about students...,4.5,3.0
Really cares for his students. Yells when he says LIMIT!,4.5,3.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
Co(g)ito Ergo Sum!,4.0,2.0
tries to go fast, but i can't understand his words!,3.5,2.0
bleh - if only he had more OH to help those less skilled,3.0,5.0
Keep your fingers away from the cage, kids.,2.0,4.0
ONLY PROF WHO CARES ABOUT HIS STUDENTS,5.0,3.0
Tries very hard. His bad jokes are funny,4.0,3.0
famous for continuously saying "What do u want me to do, spoon feed u guys?",1.0,4.0
Not helpful, moody, rude, not professional !,1.0,4.0
No Comments,3.5,2.0
Great prof. Really cares about his students!,5.0,1.0
It's a squirrel, it's a heart, no it's a dummy variable!,4.5,3.0
i don't care what he says, he MUST be a chess master,4.0,2.0
best prof so far.. cares immensely about students,4.5,2.0
funny,5.0,1.0
funny prof, cares about his students.,4.0,3.0
Damn, he must have improved since he taught 119 in summer 2000.,3.0,3.0
Hey man, Zorro rules. he kicks...,4.0,2.0
The guy's pure jokes...funny accent, reminds me of a wrestler; excellent prof!,5.0,2.0
Great Prof, very helpful.,4.5,3.0
this guy is hilarious. but nevertheless great.,4.5,3.0
Great Prof,4.5,3.0
No Comments,3.5,2.0
The assignments are not extensive, and his grading is fair, but at times felt quite subjective. & all assignments involve lit analysis. I worked really hard all semester writing these assignments, so I didn't appreciate the comments questioning whether it was my original idea or not. I spent TIME considering themes/lit devices only to be questioned,3.0,3.0
was considering majoring in creative writing, so i decided to take this class just to start off. but i did NOT enjoy this class at all. I like writing but shurtleff is VERY close minded and actually made me dread writing for this class. if you don't write what he wants to see, he tears it apart. Add some violence and stay far away from any romance.,3.5,2.0
Can't wait to take more classes with him. Very professional, and a caring instructor ICC needs more instructors like him. Take a class with him you will not be disappointed. You will write some papers, have a group project, tests are mainly short essay . You will need to work for your grade but, you are in college after all.,4.5,3.0
Very nice persson, always willing to speak with you. Extra credit is easy to do,4.0,4.0
Shurtleff was a great teacher. He did have some lectures that were long and boring, but all teachers do. for the first half the semester you get assigned one paper a week. For the second half there is a group project worth 2 tests grades, but it's super easy to get an A or B on it. There are only 2 tests in the class which are the midterm and final,4.5,3.0
Enlightening, but high expectations Professor Shurtleff gives very inspirational & informative lectures. The works we read revolved around existential issues, including works by Socrates, Henry Thoreau, Gandhi, MLK... However, his assignments are very demanding and require a lot more time & effort. Do not take it while pressured.,4.0,4.0
I loved this class. You must attend class or points will be taken off, but his lectures are informative and worthwhile. I have some really severe illnesses and he's the only professor I've ever had (out of over 30) who understood and showed concern. I'd highly recommend him, but not if you're looking for a blow-off, slacking off type of class.,5.0,4.0
I've had one quiz the whole semester and no tests. all the assignments were papers. You better like history because he teaches more about history than he does English. He encourages you to read the books but doesn't quiz you so no body has even opened theirs.,3.5,4.0
SIgned up for this class at first because I thought it would be interesting and an easy A. Its definitely not an easy class so don't be fooled! Craig is an AMAZING professor though!! One of the best i've had at ICC. He's funny but takes grading very seriously.He also offers a lot of extra credit. Definitely would recommend this class & teacher!!,5.0,3.0
If you have any interest in being a student, ignore anyone on here that says this is a bad class or teacher. This is a lit class which means there will be reading and writing, which require a lot of effort & thought. You will spend a lot of time outside of class studying; there is more to learn than he has time to teach you. Awesome course/teacher,4.0,5.0
Great teacher! Wanted to come to this class every day; got sad when it was over. Great lecturer, knowledgeable, interesting; commands respect from students. Don't take for easy A. You'll read 2 books, 5 plays, & research over 80 people; write each week & then do a 40 min group presentation. Wants in depth writing & expects a lot. This takes effort.,4.0,4.0
Probably my favorite teacher at ICC. He is straight-forward, honest, funny, sarcastic, and all around awesome. You do a lot of reading/writing, but it's a LIT class; so that makes sense. You need to work, but I promise you will learn A LOT from him. He is a fair grader, amazing professor, and I always wanted to come to class. I love Shurtleff!,5.0,2.0
From day one he comes off pretty brash, and he can be. I took Film because I love movies, I expected to learn something new too. I felt he overcompensates for people trying to take an easy class. His test are mostly fill in the blank and essay, so be prepared.,4.0,4.0
Good teacher. He makes the class hard and expects a lot from you, but in the end you actually learn to write a paper. People should also note that he isn't very clear with his sarcasm so watch out for it.,4.0,3.0
Over-obsessive with guidelines and grading. Strict towards details and difficult to please. Talks down to students in disrespectful manor.,1.0,5.0
Shurtleff is brilliant if you are taking Mythology with him. What a fun class! There are group projects, but I found them fun. Be willing to go the mile and it's an easy A.,5.0,2.0
Craig is fair, patriotic, a little abrupt, and a good teacher.,4.5,3.0
Mr. Shurtleff is very passionate about the topic and expects his students to go above and beyond and be just as passionate. He is a great teacher but you are going to work a little for a good grade.,4.0,4.0
Easily one of my top three favorite professors. He was interesting to listen to and encouraged class feedback on the stories/ideas presented in class. He makes you work for your A, but you know the material better in the end. AWESOME TEACHER!!! If you get the choice, TAKE HIM!,5.0,4.0
Craig is a very passionate about his teaching and his students. He expects a LOT from his students and challenges them every chance he gets. Many students will downrate him for this, citing him as being on a power trip or being a jerk, but that's because he explains his expectations and holds you to them. If he says due Wed, he MEANS due Wed.,5.0,4.0
He was by far my favorite professor. He was passionate about what he was teaching and he kept you interested the entire class. Honestly hope I can take more classes with him in the future,5.0,4.0
Shutleff is a great teacher who will go the extra mile for the student if they are willing to put in effort. He has taught me to look at reading in a different light. Awsome guy! Anyone who loves to read or needs a good teacher take Shurtleff! He is one of the greatest teachers ever!,5.0,1.0
He was extremely easy to get along with as you tried. Grant it mythology is a breeze for me, he was able to still challenge me daily.,5.0,1.0
This class is allot of work! The first half of the class is all outside of class reading and writing! He expects allot from his students and as far as he is concerned you have nothing else going on in your life besides this class! It's not a bad class just expect to do allot of outside class work.,3.0,4.0
Craig is very Knowledgeable, and you can learn from him, but he is VERY hard at grading, which can be nerve wrecking at times. I would not advise anyone to take his class i t was difficult and he doesn't round grades,2.5,4.0
He is one of the best teachers I have ever had, knows his subject, is passionate about his class BUT, the amount of work is unreasonable. A 3 credit, 100 level class shouldn't require twice the time and effort as a 4 credit 400 level class. Plan on spending alot of time on homework.,3.0,4.0
He is a great teacher, but I promise he expects A LOT out of you. He is not a teacher to have if you want to just float on by. A ton of reading and writing in this class.,4.5,3.0
I've had Mr. Shurtleff for several classes now and he's probably my favorite professor I've ever had. He's very knowledgable and passionate about what he teaches and he wants his students to feel the same way. It's not a super easy A but as long as you try and read the sections he tells you to read, you should be fine.,5.0,2.0
Mythology. This was an involving class. There was an outside of class writing about once a week the first half of the semester but was not difficult. Lots of reading involved and the second half of the semester is all Group Work. He does great reviews for Finals and Midterms. Suggest the teacher but not the class!,4.5,3.0
I like to give all professors a chance, and even with this man I was patient enough to do the same. He is an awful professor with a huge power complex. I can handle professors who are jerks if it is evident that they are extremely intelligent, and know there stuff. Not so much with Craig. He doesn't care about his students, and he is terrible.,1.0,5.0
HE WAS ONE OF THE WORST TEACHER I HAVE EVER HAD!!! DONT CHOOSE HIS CLASS!!!!!!!!!!,2.0,4.0
Craig is passionate about what he teaches. The work is hard though, he tests over three chapters at a time and expects you to know a lot of information from all kinds of sources used in the class. To study you must go over anything and everything and read the entire chapter word for word to possibly be prepared for his exams.,3.0,4.0
Craig is passionate about what he teaches. He wants you to see sides of movies that you may not notice on your own, besides the plot. Good guy and is clear about what is expected.,5.0,3.0
I reccomend anyone with English as a major to take a class from Craig. He expects a lot from students, but truly cares about them. He's the type of teacher you want to impress. Craig truly improved my reading analysis and writing skills.,5.0,4.0
Awesome teacher. Great story selection for this particular class. Great class discussion as well. If you will have a problem reading 5 novels and 25+ short stories then this class is not for you - it is not a blow off class. Really cares about individual students and does a lot to clarify what he's looking for in grading. TAKE!,4.5,2.0
First teacher to give a crap about my education at ICC. I have him for 2 classes and I'm signing up for any more I can. He makes you work hard for your grades but you learn so much in his classes that the work is worth it.,5.0,4.0
Craig expects alot but it is only because he wants his students to succeed. He'll drop the lowest test grade at the end of the semester to help out. He's tough but his class will make you a better student.,5.0,4.0
I thought he was a very good teacher. Clear on what was expected, and what assignments were as well what the quizzes/ tests would be over.,4.5,4.0
Grades harshly. Laughs at you when hes reviewing your papers to you. Very strict. I spent 10 hours on the first paper and got a D and he said it was rushed.,2.0,5.0
Amazing class....made me want to change my major because he made it so fun....,5.0,3.0
Very interesting material and He knows the material very well. He will ask a lot from his students, but it is college. You'll have to read a fair amount and make sure to take in text notes while reading, it will save you on the writing assignments and essay parts of tests. Study supplemental material!!!,4.5,5.0
extremly hard. it's the first c i've gotten at icc. film is supposed to be easy and i love film. his tests are outrageous and his not helpful. take it with someone else!,2.5,5.0
He's not bad at teaching the material just expects alot of his students. Personally I wasn't a big fan of him, he acts like a jerk alot of the time. I learned alot of the material easily and if I'd worked harder I probably could have pulled off an "A". If you want to learn Mythology take him but be prepared....,3.0,4.0
This class was fun and easy. He really knows his stuff and is always willing to help you. The quizes are EASY if you read the book. His tests are 1/3 book, movie and notes. Pay attention and listen and you will get an easy A. I barely studied and got an A. Take his class, it's loads of fun.,5.0,3.0
This Teacher is bad. Dont take his class. Quizzes every day. No make ups. Points lost for missing class,1.5,5.0
Dont take his class terrible teacher. Hard fill in blank tests. Loose points if you miss a day. Quiz Every day during first 10 mins of class no make ups,2.0,5.0
Dont take his class, very hard tests,2.0,5.0
Well starting off, DO NOT take this class if you have no idea about mythology. I sure didnt, and i was glad to pull off a C. He is an ok teacher, not one of my favorites. He asks for ALOT of homework, and his tests are pretty hard. Hes very nice though but expects a lot out of his students!,2.5,4.0
Mr. Shurtleff is a wonderful teacher. You can tell he is not only knowledgeable about film, but loves it. He is willing to explain things with students both in and out of class. If you show up to class and take notes, you'll do fine.,5.0,3.0
Craig gives (great) notes, and if something comes up in the notes that will be on the test, he outwardly tells you. Everything that is on a test of his, you can guarantee he's discussed it with the class. Also had to take online quizzes, information was either in reading or in notes. VERY easy A if you understand these basic concepts.,4.5,2.0
this guy has some of the hardest tests/quizzes that i have ever taken. i talked to him about it and he said that if they werent hard he wouldnt know if we learned anything. he is there doing his job perfectly. i didnt think that film was going to teach me anything. Mr Shurtleff is a very good teacher, and a very nice guy in general.,4.5,4.0
this professor was the most useless in my academic career. Having started teaching myself, I can certainly see what NOT to do by considering my experiences in this class. Thanks for nothing!,2.0,4.0
This was a hard class but only because you have to remember the mythological names for tests/quizes. Mr. Shurtleff is an excellent teacher and is very willing to help with whatever you need. He also makes the class very fun.,5.0,3.0
Great teacher all around and cares about his students. Would reccommend him to anyone!!!! But be forewarned, if you don't want to be challenged...find someone else to take...he's a toughie!,5.0,4.0
He is a good teacher. He is clear in his intentions, his expectations and his instructions. He really knows what he is talking about and knows how to teach it to others. He does give a lot of writing assignments and expects a lot but if you show up, do the work, and study you will do fine.,5.0,3.0
You do not want to take this class. He is not understanding of anything what so ever. It is supposed to be an intro class but is actually graduate level. Ridiculous!!!,2.5,1.0
Awesome instructor, awesome class. Very clear on his expectations and very fair on grading. This is college people- you are going to have to work for that "A." (btw previous poster- I DO have three children, a husband and a job outside the home- and an "A" in Lit 115),5.0,2.0
Took class in accelerated amount of time (summer class). Tough but fair. Teaching very clear and well explained. Alot of work but pace not impossible. Highly recommened.,5.0,4.0
Decent teacher, he does expect a lot of his students. So if you think you're gonna take film and just sit and watch movies, think again. This guy knows what he's talking about and WILL make you earn your grade.,3.5,4.0
He knows what hes talking about and the class is interesting but unless you have a photgraphic memory and/or are a genious then you wont do good in this class at all. The quizzes are 10 questions over 100+ pages of reading at a time and it is impossible to know what to study. The 3 papers that he made us do had to be 1500 words. TRUST ME! DONT TAKE,2.0,5.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!!! If you have a job kids other classes or a significant other than this is not the class for you. YOu have to have no life to take this class. it needs your full attention. and you better be good at writing papers and presenting in front of class. THIS IS THE WORST CLASS IVE EVER TAKEN AND THE WORST TEACHER I HAVE EVER HAD!,1.5,5.0
Good teacher! He is knowledgeable about the information but don't expect the class to be an easy A. Read everything he tells you too and make sure you pay attention to the significance and insight during class. Don't miss a single session or you won't be able to catch up.,4.0,3.0
A hard grader, but a decent teacher im not sure if there is anyone else that teaches this class but u may want to look into it,3.5,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
He was a really awesome teacher for Creative Writing. However, he is very critical on the type of stories students write. I wrote about vampires and monsters and he had a heyday criticizing the hell out of them. That is my style but he didn't like it. Sure, we're all opinionated in various ways but there is no right way to write a story....I think he could've been a little more flexible when it came to other peoples work. A story is a story to me. No hidden meanings...just a story.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
good teacher, bad person, but his class will challenge you for once. Don't expect to slack off watching "Troy",3.0,5.0
One of the best teachers at ICC. If you have a question he is more than helpful in and out of class. As long as you read the material and do the required homework, you'll find these classes to be very easy.,5.0,4.0
Took over summer and was fun and easy! Took him for Lit 115 too and love his teaching! Just pay attention and take notes and you will do fine! He makes everything he talks about interesting!,4.5,3.0
He is a great guy, but very unclear on his directions. Takes off a lot for small errors. I wish i could have had someone else.,3.0,4.0
Really enjoyable class;don't expect to just watch movies,though.He teaches it more like a lit class but you learn a lot & he picks good flicks.Very nice guy,fun to talk to outside of class.He's very passionate about movies.Only complaint:he doesn't give test hints. But 6 easy 10pt quizs=1 test grade,4.5,2.0
More like Greek Lit then Mythology. If i would have know i would have never taken the course.,3.0,4.0
If you love to write creatively he's a great teacher. Really enjoyed the class. He inspired me to do well, persuading me to get published, and I did! ;) Nice assignments, plenty of time to complete them, and cool class environment (after a time you don't have to meet in the class room). Recommended.,4.0,1.0
Creative writing... not really a "class" - he breaks it off into conferences after the first few lectures. Kinda strange, looks like a lumber jack. But overall nice guy. You DO NOT have to read your stories outloud! No one reads what u write, only one of your stories. I got an A by "faking" effort.,3.0,2.0
Great teacher...complete jerk! Thank God he can actually teach..however don't expect him to spoon feed you..don't even bother asking questions regarding the content on the midterm.final because he wont answer..however the class itself was very fascinating and i learned a lot...,3.0,2.0
Good teacher, fun class, had a great time. Very good job with grading scale. Easy to get a B on papers, but have to put forth the extra effort for the A. Awesome group projects and probably my only prof that knows be on a first name basis.,4.5,2.0
great teacher really knew his stuff and was very helpful. Also kept the class interesting throughout the entire semester.have to do a lot of reading but other than that...test arent hard as long as you go to class and pay attention and do the work. I would recommend his class if you need lit credit,4.5,3.0
nice but does not specify what to do on papers takes lots of points off on papers. there has got to be a better english teacher than him!,2.0,4.0
very good teacher knows what he is taliking about and knows how to teach you what he is talking about,5.0,2.0
if i had to take eng 111 over again, id look for a different teacher. sure hes a nice guy, but takes off way too many points on papers and tests. there are definitely easier eng 111 teachers out there.,3.0,4.0
Good teacher, nice person outside, but complete **** inside. FILM clas is super easy and even interesting, but ENGlish is kind of hard because he asks too much.,3.5,3.0
Bad teacher. Takes alot off for little things. tries to trick you..,2.5,5.0
Hard on papers, but understands what he is talking about.,4.5,3.0
He really knows his stuff. He's handled every outlandish question thrown his way adeptly. His test prep info is comprehensive and accurate. His class is fun and interesting. Nice to see lit done this way.,5.0,2.0
Awesome teacher! If you want to actually learn something about film, take Shurtleff.,5.0,3.0
baaad teacher... good jokes but baaad teacher,1.0,4.0
Makes learning fun. Very easy to listen to as he keeps the whole class involved, yet makes it a very comfortable learning environment. If you take Film 110, make sure it's with Shurtleff.,5.0,2.0
Great teacher. Makes you WANT to learn.,5.0,2.0
agreed! excellent teacher for anyone taking Film at ICC,5.0,3.0
Shurtleff is the ONLY teacher you should take for a film class!!!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
Great Prof! He is one of the more experienced profs at U of W. Take his class and attend, you will not regret it!,4.5,3.0
Nice professor. It's hard to understand his accent at first but I got used to it after the first two weeks. He is really willing to help you one on one for you to understand the course. He also will relate this class to other classes he has taught so it gives the class some more meaning,4.0,1.0
Great Prof. Extremely helpful. He asks the class for opinions and favors them. His exams reflect the course material. He's a great prof all in all.,4.5,3.0
Very helpful in office hours, fair midterm/exam, excellent notes in class,5.0,4.0
his accent may be difficult to understand, but otherwise he's a great prof. those who complain about his english should work on their own english perhaps. if you really are that proficient with the english language, you should be able to understand the message based on context of the words that you do understand.,4.0,1.0
Great Prof,5.0,3.0
Dont like how he teaches.,1.0,4.0
common guy! he didn't even teach that class this year.. i think you got him confused with another proff..,5.0,1.0
A great Prof.,5.0,3.0
He's cool,5.0,2.0
A great Pro.,5.0,1.0
He's REALLY COOL!!!!,5.0,1.0
Great prof. Knows his stuff. Will get used to accent after a few weeks. Closed book 3rd yr thermo exam is interestingly new to me though. But with crib sheet, no problem!,3.0,2.0
No Comments,2.5,3.0
He really knows his stuff, a very knowledgable and responsible professor. Try to listen to him and you will get used to his accent.,3.5,3.0
Very good Prof. After the first few weeks, you will get use to his accent.,4.5,4.0
High interest in teaching, lectures are organized, but can be more clear.,3.5,2.0
The Most Awesome Prof!!! Stupid white people can't try to understand accents!!!!,5.0,3.0
damn accent! he had good overheads. bad examples.,1.5,3.0
An excellent teacher, who knows his stuff, who cares about the accent!,4.5,1.0
Extremely helpful and friendly, just not as clear during lectures; good notes,3.5,2.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
...can be quite helpful if you just gave him a chance.,2.5,3.0
No Comments,3.5,1.0
pway vay tay diagrams.... that took me a month to figure out.,1.5,4.0
Very, Very Helpful. Just talk to the guy, he will help you.,4.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
Although you couldn't understand him, he had the best overheads,4.0,1.0
Very nice guy. Hard to understand.,3.5,3.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
Got upset when we couldn't understand him. His examples were disjointed also,1.5,4.0
i no speaka english,2.0,5.0
It's obvious that he can't speak English, but otherwise he's pretty cool,1.5,2.0
No Comments,4.5,1.0
No Comments,2.0,2.0
they should make profs write the ELPE,3.0,2.0
okok,3.0,1.0
thank god for lecture notes and decent examples, english would have helped too,2.5,2.0
great guy, but really needs to work on the English!!,3.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
X-men......,3.5,1.0
Loved the jokes about beer!,4.0,2.0
Need to work on English, but I definitely cared about the students,2.5,2.0
When you mess with the X...,3.0,3.0
english was the major problem.. and of course, the course was completely useless,2.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,2.0
What a useless course...,2.5,2.0
"Cow du you cowculate weep pressha?",4.0,2.0
Very smart, wonderful lecture notes... but understandable English would be nice.,3.5,2.0
Brodland is the BEST! He so caring and loves all his students. He'll try to get to know everyone by their names. The assignments are easy, but the midterm questions were hard to understand. Don't bother buying the textbook for this class just get the workbook.,5.0,1.0
Very nice guy, but treats his students like kindergarten students. Lectures were very idea based and he never really showed students how to apply the knowledge from lectures (how to actually solve a problem using actual equations, etc.) He would then expect students to solve problems on assignments that were nothing like the lectures.,2.0,2.0
He is by far the best prof I have ever had at Waterloo. Incredibly enthusiastic and obviously loves his field of work.,5.0,3.0
Best prof I ever had, hands down! He's super friendly, very sweet and knows how to teach. He's EXTREMELY organized, he has his own workbooks that you'll use throughout the term. So no need to buy books. He explains everything in detail and doesn't mind explaining more than once. I wish to have him as a prof again, loved him!,5.0,1.0
Good guy, but totally treats students as kindergarden kids - thinks nobody knows nothing. If you are reminiscent of high school style teaching, he's your man. Class was not challenging and made me wonder what the point of sitting there really was, more than all other courses.,3.0,2.0
Great Prof. Encouraged actual logical thinking opposed to many engineering professors at this school. Interesting topics and truly understood university level teaching.,3.0,4.0
Enthusiastic about his courses. Approachable, interesting. Fair.,4.0,3.0
Very enthusiastic about what he's teaching. Really makes an effort to ensure we understand the concepts. He really appreciates feedback from students and genuinely seems to care. However, his marking style is quite hard (ie. if you get part (a) wrong, then parts b, c, d, and e are also wrong.),4.0,4.0
Amazing! He is very enthusiastic about the material! Always eager to make improvements and ensures the class understands the material. Assignment are thorough and are a good tool to measure how well you understand the material.,5.0,3.0
He love to teach this course and always like to give example of the relavence off the material. He also like to explain the same concept several way so that every one get it,5.0,1.0
pretty interesting,3.5,2.0
Best prof I've had. makes sure everyone understands even teh hardest concepts,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
He is a cyborg. Great teaching abilities.,4.0,2.0
This guy rules, Brodland for President!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Dr Brodland teaching style should be used as a bench mark for all profs,5.0,1.0
He's a very fair teacher who gives really good explanations for vague topics.,4.5,2.0
I had her for lab only. However, I like Mrs. Schwartz, because she is very good at giving clear expectations. She tells you exactly what she wants, and summarizes the lab instructions into clear and concise verbiage. However, she grades based on if you gave her exactly what she wants. If you can follow criteria to a T, Mrs. Schrwatz great for lab.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Schwartz is a little tough at first, but you can tell she is there to make you understand physics and if you have any questions she will be more than welcome to help you. She is super understanding about deadlines and not being able to turn an assignment in on time when something comes up. If your struggling she will help you!,5.0,3.0
She is one of the best physics professors I have had. She was extremely boring during lectures but her office hours were sooooo helpful and she would basically do the work for you and tell you what was on the exams and quizzes. She knows the material really well.,4.0,4.0
Dr Schwartz is a little scary at first but kind and helpful one on one. There are several quizzes that go into your grade. She gives you warning when they are coming up and tells you what to study. Good way to pad your grade. No formal lab reports. You will ace exams if you do the (ungraded) homework problems she gives out.,4.0,3.0
Mrs Schwartz is very blunt, if the class does badly youll know about it. She is not into euphemisms or sugar coating and I respect that. To the weak hearted she might seem mean but she's really a nice person. She is full command of the material and makes it interesting by elaborating on specifics. Labs are graded fairly be sure you calc uncertainty,4.0,3.0
Physics 2 class was a lot of work. Homework took a lot of time, but was not collected. But the quizzes and tests were based off the homework. Quiz once a week. Tests were pretty difficult. Labs were all informal and easy to get an A/B on though. Lectures were very equation based, but packed with information. She's a good professor, but not great.,3.0,3.0
She is great when it comes to the tests. The homework is very similar to the test material which is why this is the case. As far as the labs, she can be a little picky when it comes to grading. However, this will help you for the future physics courses that you will take. A cheat sheet was allowed for the test, but no examples were allowed on it.,4.0,3.0
Don't expect to look at the board and understand whats going on, you'll just see a ton of equations, most of them being the derivation of one key equation. Her handwriting is also very sloppy, making any feedback near impossible to read. If a large portion of the class does poorly on the assignment, she scolds the class instead of trying to help.,2.0,4.0
If you can manage the 7 hrs a week of homework then you'll be just fine on the two tests. She is tough but she will do her best to explain the material. Would take again, had her for PH I & II.,4.0,4.0
Lab reports have crazy grading requirements, got 90% on all tests but probably averaged a b on lab reports,4.0,4.0
Lots of Homework. Takes me About 3-5hours per week. Tough grader for lab report and no helpful comments.,2.0,4.0
Tough grader and her homework takes awhile but if you show the effort she will give you the same amount of effort back, ten-fold. Extends due dates on most things within reason. Homework is harder than the tests which pays off in the long run.,4.0,5.0
She is a very compassionate teacher. Yes, the homework is a bit difficult, but if you read the text and go for help- you can get it done. She is a more than a fair grader, I would take a class of hers again.,4.5,2.0
The class was tough and there was a lot of work on labs and homework HOWEVER there is no way you'll leave class wondering what the heck is going on. She goes the extra mile to explain things with in class activities and it works. The 1st A I ever got on a test at this school was in this class, so that shows.,4.5,4.0
She expects a lot out of her students. I often found myself reading the chapter after lecture to solve homework problems - which were nothing like that from the book (they were pretty difficult & would spend on average 6-10hrs for 8-15 questions). Tests reflected the homework questions. She was always available during office hours & answered questi,2.5,4.0
Class isn't too bad. Lecture's are boring. There is homework for every chapter. She's willing to help if you ask for it. No review for tests though,3.0,3.0
The most boring class I have ever taken. Partially the material, but the teacher did not help at all.,2.0,4.0
Schwartz made me hate physics. She hardly gives you any of the equations that are necessary for the insanely long homework assignments that she assigns. Prepare to spend more time teaching yourself the necessary material for the homework outside rather than doing the actual homework. She's extremely picky on labs, but she tells you what she wants.,2.0,4.0
Dr. Schwartz relies on students doing homework instead of actual teaching to teach the course material. Half the time, she's willing to help. The other half, she just gets mad and lists what the class did wrong, offering no help. YOU WILL NEED YOUR TEXTBOOK. She's not the worst professor in the world, but she's worth taking an 8:00am to avoid.,2.5,4.0
She was incredibly helpful during office hours, and I really liked her handouts. She is one of the most caring professors at MSOE. Expect to work hard and learn a lot in her courses.,5.0,5.0
difficult class content not very clear at teaching,2.5,4.0
The most difficult class I've taken to date. The material is not that difficult but the workload is the real sucker. You WILL get behind on the assignments. READING THE BOOK IS ESSENTIAL to understand material, she is a great person in general, but in class expect to see strange equations and go home brain dead. Labs are also graded very strictly.,3.0,5.0
Gives a lot of homework but you can't pass any PH2020 without doing homework anyway so may as well get a ton of points doing it. Enjoyable lectures and labs but reports are graded strictly so make your graphs have the correct units and do uncertainty calculations.,4.0,4.0
Extremely subjective lab grading with no constructive criticism. Doesn't explain course material appropriately previous to homework. Very ill-tempered. Wouldn't last long in a work setting.,2.0,4.0
Good teacher and very helpful. She does give out a large volume and your labs will all be pretty much formal labs, so expect a work load.,4.5,3.0
Works you hard, but she cares about her students. VERY nice lady.,5.0,5.0
She is incredibly nice! She will help after class and during office hours. Lab reports can be challenging, but she will provide feedback if you ask. Take her if you want to learn the material.,5.0,5.0
She can skim through subjects like a breeze sometimes assuming you know everything already. If you dont ask questions or stop her you may not learn anything. She is very helpful though and she knows her stuff. If you do your homework, you will do well on the tests. She is laid back and knowledgeable. Do your part as a student and you will do well.,4.0,3.0
Fairly subjective grading and she is very ill tempered most of the time.,2.0,4.0
Good teacher, knows that this class is for business and nursing and that we really dont care. lays everything out that you need, helpful with labs, very fair grader. one test was really easy, other was a little more challenging. lets you do corrections and extra credit options. gets kind of sassy sometimes. you can use a notecard on tests,4.0,2.0
Prof Schwartz is a great teacher. During lab she lays out exactly what you should do. Make sure that you do your homework. Test questions are much easier than the homework. She expects a lot from your lab reports, which generally end up being 8 to 12 pages long. Getting an A in this class comes from lots of hard work and a few office hours.,5.0,3.0
I'm not too sure if she changed her teaching habits, but I came into this class thinking that I need to drop right away. Instead it was a good class. I learned a lot, just make friends with some people and take some time outside of class to review class notes. I think the people that reviewed this class just fail at learning.,5.0,2.0
Doesn't know how to teach, when asked for help makes you more confused, asks to much for lab reports and don't give enough time to do them, take someone else for physics of take it at another college.,1.0,5.0
Pretty hard course. See about doing examples from the book before assigning homework.,3.0,4.0
I would not take her if you're not a genius in physics. WebAssign takes forever to do, so ask if you can eat and sleep at LRC. If possible, take another prof.,3.5,5.0
She is a good teacher that hates when students expect her to do all the work, she ask for participation and if you go to her office for help the class can be very manageable, otherwise the class is hard. Her labs are worth alot of your final grade but it you try she will give you a decent grade-she hates to give A's on labs-OVERALL NOT TO BAD,4.0,3.0
She does lots of in class examples, which makes the class more enjoyable......although when she derives stupid functions, it's no fun. The practice problems she gives you are nearly identical to those on the exams....so do them! She's a little harsh on lab grades, but if you get her style down, it's a breeze.,4.5,2.0
Try to avoid, makes problems too hard. Does not explain board work. Labs are not too bad. Tests are hard, she lets you make up 1/3ed the points you missed on tests by redoing problems.,2.5,5.0
this was suppose to be easy, but she didnt teach how to do the problems, really on about the problems. terrible teacher, and somehow she's easier than the other guy. for some reason, i doubt that,1.0,5.0
Doesnt explain concepts or go over examples. Leaves you hanging. Wouldnt take her if you dont have a clue about physics. Doesnt explain well enough to fully understand concepts. Labs are okay....not the best. Lots of homework. Take her is you must...but i dont recommend it.,2.0,3.0
I learned SOOOO much...this post will reflecticate all of the neat stuff I learned from her. She taught me that has nothing to do with mass and acceleration, but is actually determined by Luke's desire to beat Darth Vader. She taught me that gravity doesn't exist, and grams is not a unit of measure, but a type of snack cracker with honey baked in,1.0,5.0
She farted on each of my lab reports. What a horrible teacher!!! I hated her, she failed everyone probably,1.0,5.0
Class is awful, never take her. Never take her for ph230. the class is hard and she makes it harder.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Horrible! Briefly explains concepts in class, and then does varying examples without much explanation. WebAssign is nearly impossible. When most professors allow 30 submissions per question, she allows 10 submissions per entire assignment. Tons of WebAssigns, at LEAST once a week. Do not take!,1.0,5.0
One word--awful. She knows what she is talking about but seems to be unable to teach what she knows. She does not explain her examples in lecture; she simply does them leaving the class behind. Worst of all, her webassigns are often due on the day of the related test! AVOID AT ALL COSTS!,2.0,4.0
Class sucks. She doesnt teach well and doesnt tell what the variables are. The homework is webass so she doesnt have to do any work. Tests are impossible- average score- 62% Avoid her at all costs.,2.0,4.0
Second worst prof I've had in two years at MSOE. More homework than any three classes(60 to 80 questions per week)plus lab and reports. All webassign so she doesn't have to do a thing. Hardest exams possible. If you take her suck up to get a better grade.,1.0,5.0
Too much work,but the test questions are straight off WebASS. VERY BORING LECTURES,1.5,5.0
Verying Confususing,3.5,3.0
Teaches fairly well, although lectures can be boring. Terrible webassign and very picky about lab reports.,3.0,3.0
Doesn't explain herself well. Expects you to read her mind about requirments. Has no respect for students, and I think her ego might actually be bigger than she is.,2.0,3.0
Great teacher, very clear. Tests are very close to homework problems and lectures. Responds quickly to e-mailed questions.,5.0,3.0
She's very helpful with homework. She'll grade the formal labs ahead of time for you to fix for the final grade. Just stay on her good side and you'll be fine.,4.5,2.0
great teacher,5.0,3.0
helpful, you'll be fine if you even half way try, work in groups for webassign!,4.5,3.0
Allows submisstions of test to look over and have her find mistakes before turning it in on due date. Can be hard to understand in class. Has hard tests. Uses a lot of medical applications in PH130. which is good if your a nursing student.,3.5,3.0
super hard webass (not enough time/submissions). reasonable about labs, boring lectures, annoying voice. exams aren't too bad, but i just didn't seem to get along well with her.,3.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,5.0
belittles her students, and it isnt fun looking at jabba the hutt every day for a trimester. would have learned more physics had i jumped off the science building and found my acceleration due to gravity.,1.0,4.0
Tests are difficult but she is nice and helpful. She has her bad days and seems grumpy but if you get on her good side, you are set. She teaches very well and is very helpful in and out of class.,5.0,3.0
bad at explaining, very hard final...,2.0,3.0
Taught way too in depth for stuff most will never use again, Better like derivin,2.0,4.0
Fair with giving extentions.,4.5,3.0
What the hell happened in PH-230, was it just me?,3.0,2.0
One of the best professors I've had. He thoroughly explains concepts and provides a really good framework to solving problems for this class. Is willing to help out during office hours and clearly cares about his student's success.,5.0,4.0
Great prof, thoroughly goes over concepts,5.0,4.0
Great prof, able to really explain concepts thoroughly,5.0,4.0
Homework and attendance isn't mandatory but skipping on either of these will make his already tough exams even harder. He explains concepts very clearly, but I found it crucial to go over everything after class. He isn't kidding when he says that the course ramps up in difficulty towards the end. Prepare well for the exams and you should do alright,5.0,4.0
Best engineering professor I've had so far. Doesn't require students to attend lectures, but attending them are the easiest way to succeed. Also goes above and beyond for his students with extra tutorial sessions and extra help in general. Kind of a difficult marker on exams.,5.0,4.0
Best professor you will ever have. Very patient, available for extra help, and he will really push you to be the best student you can be. Class is mandatory, I don't see it being easy to pass if you don't go because everything you're evaluated on comes straight from the lectures and he doesn't post notes.,5.0,4.0
hands down best prof in 2nd year eng! skip class and you won't pass for sure!,5.0,3.0
ATTEND. CLASS. You will not pass otherwise. I didn't and I barely scraped by. I regret not applying myself in his class because he is literally the best prof I've ever had. Amazing lectures and he is a master of thermo.,5.0,5.0
Awesome prof! superman!,5.0,4.0
Very clear. Great Lectures. Organized. Awesome prof!!!,5.0,3.0
Fantastic !!! Really enjoyed his course. Pay attention, take notes and you'll do great. Take his advice, do what he says.,5.0,3.0
BEST PROF IVE EVER HAD IN ENG.,5.0,3.0
The man.... the legend. Fantastic professor, difficult course, brilliant lecturer. If more professors were like him, we would all be better engineers for it. Thoroughly enjoyed his course!,5.0,4.0
The man.... the legend. Fantastic professor, difficult course, brilliant lecturer. If more professors were like him, we would all be better engineers for it.,5.0,4.0
Great prof, very clear, and will push you.,5.0,3.0
Terrific Professor, second to none.,5.0,3.0
Amazing teacher. Very clear in his methods of explaining concepts. Very helpful, and always willing to help people one on one. Has a lot of practical engineering knowledge and experience and this makes him much better than most other profs. He has a kind heart.,5.0,4.0
Professor Straatman is AMAZING. This guy speaks ridiculously clearly, is very patient with slower students and will go one on one with people to help them learn. If I was female, I'd do him. A lot!,5.0,4.0
tough and cold,2.5,4.0
Best prof you will ever have! Pushes you to think by yourself and helps you really understand what engineering is!,5.0,4.0
Seems to talk highly about himself too much. Doesn't provide help on specifics. The course is partly at fault.,3.0,5.0
Great prof, classes are hard, exams are infamous, but he does a good job. Really smart, pushes you to do your best. Truly Straatmaniacal!,5.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
No Comments,4.5,4.0
Covers alot of material but he teaches it well, just do the work.,4.5,5.0
He's great at "quantifying" those Q values,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! I DONT KNOW WHY ITS NOT LOWER I AM WARNING YOU,1.0,5.0
Sweet lady! Very smart, but teaches as if we already know the material. I somehow passed her class, with lots of praying and extra credit. Wouldn't take her again, her teaching style isn't the best, especially with such a difficult subject.,2.0,5.0
I loved this class, use Excel every day at work. She helped me a lot.,5.0,4.0
DO NOT TAKE I AM WARNING YOU! TAKE YOUNG!! I TOOK HER CLASS AND PASSED DUE TO PRAYING!! MY FRIENDS DROPPED OUT OF HER CLASS AND WENT TO YOUNG AND MADE AN EASY A!!,1.0,5.0
DO NOT take this Professor, I cannot stress that enough. Shes rude and not understanding of problems you have and goes way too fast. If you dont understand something or cant remember how to do a certain thing, dont bother asking her. Ive been those situations many times and all she does is look at you like youre stupid and say something rude.,1.0,4.0
First day of class we went straight into examples without any introduction. This being a intro to ACCT, you would figure the professor would take time to teach the basics before going into the material. The class is already hard enough and Cadle did not make it any easier.,1.0,5.0
Nice and knowledgeable. Pay attention in class and do as much extra credit assignments as possible.,3.0,5.0
All HW was online. She gives up to 10 bonus points on each test if you get a certain percent correct on the bonus HW. There was an SI for this class and it was helpful. Only grades are HW and Exams. If you dont understand at the beginning its hard to catch up. The class is challenging.,2.0,5.0
Excellent Professor, I took her ACCT 3310 Accounting Info Systems class and it was excellent. Show up for class and be prepared to work. Ms Cadle goes the extra mile for any student who is willing to put in the effort.,4.0,4.0
Mrs. Cadle is absolutely one of the best professors I've had. She always tries her best to help, but she will not spoon feed you. You have to want to learn. So if you want a blowoff class, don't take her. Once again, I absolutely love her and would definitely taken her again!,4.5,4.0
I took another teacher so believe me when I say she explains things so much better. Do the homework for the extra points. You'll need them!,4.5,4.0
Professor Cadle explained everything as best as she could. This is a hard course, but she did problems step by step. Every time I did my homework, my notes that I had taken looked just like the problems we were expected to do. She gives extra credit if you do your homework and adds it to your test grade.,4.5,4.0
She really is a good teacher for a very, very HARD subject. Her test are really hard & really not like her lectures.. But if you do the homework and practice problems you should make a good grade. This is definitely one of those classes that you have to study for every single day.,3.5,3.0
excellent teaching method and clear cut instructions for every assignment,5.0,4.0
Cadle is a little dry as a teacher, but the class is relatively easy. Show up and follow the instructions through the book, work at your own pace. Tests aren't too hard but if you show up regularly, your participation grade will buffer your grade.,3.0,2.0
Terrible. The tests were nothing like the in-class assignments. Only 3 tests total including final. Very frustrating when the review from the sylabus is not detailed at all, tests are NOT given back to you to study and include everything you may have ever learned from accounting not just her class. Avoid if possible.,2.5,5.0
DON'T TAKE HER!!! Shes rude when you have a question and doesn't really answer you. Accounting is already hard and she just makes it even harder. she doesn't explain anything. Yes you have to work its accounting but i worked all year and i'm barely gonna pass,2.0,5.0
I liked her because she seemed to enjoy the class, but I had to work at it.,5.0,5.0
Cadle is a great teacher, she gives you the opportunity to get 10 extra points on every test by just doing the homeworks, which aren't very hard. She is more than willing to help out her students, I talked to her multiple times during her office hours. GREAT teacher. Accounting isn't easy for some people but she is willing to help you out.,4.5,3.0
Do not take in the summer time. It is too much information to take during the summer. The lab assistant was useless. Told at the beginning of class that there is assistance in the accounting lab. The person was useless!!,2.0,4.0
GO TO CLASS!Hard time at first I suggest to study-go back and redo HW it helps.Print out instrution sheets before class. She is pretty good at explaining things. She does come off as snarky/rude but this is usually if someone asks something she just answered or interrups her while she trying to explain something. Take notes or you will be lost.,4.0,3.0
She teaches like a elementary school teacher which is good because you actually retain the information. She gives 10 points bonus on tests if you do all your homework (which is 4 assignments between tests, super easy) Go to class and practice the information and you will get an A,4.5,1.0
NEVER take her! doesnt explain at all, when you ask a question shes condescending and rude, and she is completely impossible to deal with. passing her class is close to impossible.,1.5,5.0
For accounting shes perfect. She can explain the content into terms that you can understand and relate. Accounting overall is hard but with the online help in her class and the homework bonus points you can turns would be F/D into D/C.,5.0,3.0
I actually really enjoy this class. There are some rough patches were it's a little difficult, but most of the time it's pretty easy to follow. Do the assignments and tutorials, do the homework, and study for the exams, and you'll do just fine!,4.0,2.0
She was an incredible teacher. She offered so many ways for is to get help. The class was more difficult but I left with a very clear knowledge of accounting. I will deffinitly be taking a class of hers again!,5.0,4.0
This class is hard if you don't attend and don't do your homework. The online homework is easy and she gives you bonus points on tests for it. She's somewhat bland and has an attitude and sometimes treats you like you stupid.,2.5,5.0
She is a great teacher. The class is by no means easy, but that is just the way Accounting is going to be. I compared her with someone taking Varnell and to me her work seemed a little easier. She is really nice and wants you to succeed. If you are taking accounting take her! Like I say the class is by no means easy, but neither is the others.,4.5,4.0
She was always willing to help. I would recomend her to anybody. She wants her students to do well, so she taylors her tests with that in mind.,5.0,2.0
I thought she was really mean at first, but about half way through the class she got to know us individually and warmed up. The class is tough but she wants you to do well. You don't need a book at all, but you must be in class every time to succeed. All homework is done in class, no take home work. Students get to work together to complete work.,4.0,4.0
She is terribly boring and tests on materials that are not even covered in class. Her lectures are EXTREMELY BORING. I think she likes to listen to herself talk.,2.0,4.0
I had no clue about the material and was feeling desperate for so many classes, but she noticed how much I was trying and has offered her help. If you have difficulties, ask her for her help and be serious about her class.,4.0,4.0
Easy course if you go to class. She's a great teacher. **Suggestion: Take this course in the summer.,4.5,2.0
tough course, but her lectures really help,4.5,4.0
don't skip class-she makes it easier to understand,4.5,4.0
useful course - she knows her stuff,4.0,3.0
this teacher totally blows . . . she can't teach worth crap,1.0,5.0
easy teacher teaching an easy class . . . she waits till the day b4 a test to go over stuff we learned a week b4,5.0,1.0
Easy class--you only HAVE to be there on test days. Other than that, just do the assignments. She gives plenty of time to get them turned in and lets you correct them, too.,4.5,1.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
EXCELLENT teacher. She teaches the subject matter and is FAIR - even if it doesn't go your way - which means she can't be pushed around. All around a SUPERB human being - the epitomy of what a professor should be. Stands for ethics all the way.,5.0,3.0
Great teacher and very helpful,5.0,3.0
great class and I learned alot,5.0,1.0
This professor is very unpredictable. I took the class online. The lectures were very dull, and he didn't give enough time to take his tests. He doesn't work very well with you if you have a problem. If you have a 79.9, he won't bump your grade-- you will have a C. Did not enjoy this class!,2.0,3.0
Do not take his online classes!! He grades way to hard, is not clear on assignments. He is a older teacher and take his time on grading. I should not be failing his class at all.,1.0,4.0
Attendance not mandatory but if you miss you will miss lots that will be on text,3.5,2.0
Not an easy class, but not too hard. I took it on-line and never caught on to how he graded.,3.0,4.0
Takes his lectures right off powerpoints. Read the book, the tests are essay and multiple choice. Some days the class seemed to drag on but he does have good humor.,3.0,3.0
Although some people seem to not like his online class, I completely enjoyed it. He posts powerpoints with his voice recorded, which are required to watch. The homework questions can be vague at times and he grades them hard. The tests are straight forward, but with only 1 minute per question, they can get hectic at times.,3.5,3.0
Do not take for an online class. He grades too hard and since you arent getting any information from him in person its hard to know what he wants. Do not expect a blow off class.,3.5,4.0
Really great teacher but go to class. Though all his notes/powerpoints/handouts are online at your access, the way he lectures keeps it interesting and personally stuck in my mind better. Tests are a bit difficult, just study and go to the tutor guy that he recommends at the beginning of the year. :),4.0,2.0
Predictable class. Taught from power point with list of terms from textbooks. A lot of material to learn but he pushes you to learn the information for the exams. I took him for four classes for my minor in History and came out with all A's because I attended all his classes and I studied. "He teaches", he is a great college professor.,5.0,5.0
His online class is awful! the tests were okay except they were timed you have a minute for each question on the test. The discussions were a joke sometimes you would reald the whole chapter and figure out that his question was in a completely different chapter. Nqui sure where he is pulling his questions from,1.0,5.0
Absolute joke of an online class. Awful clarity with assignments. 50 question tests with 50 min. Can't go back to questions and the questions are extremely long, do not take it.,1.0,5.0
Great instructor for online classes & history. He uses power points which really helps with chapter reading. He is even funny on some. He does not give anything-you have to earn every point. But good.,4.5,4.0
I only took him for upper-level classes, and they're way harder than the 101-202. Tests are short answer/fill in the blank. Lots of required studying. Attendance isn't mandatory but you're missing out - hilarious guy with a great personality. Teaches things very well. I recommend for any student in any class, especially 300+,4.5,4.0
I never really went to class and passed. When I did go to class it was always interesting and his tests went along with the lectures. He's really funny. His tests consists of the book and lectures along with essay questions from his book. I never read the text book because there wasn't enough questions to matter mabye 5 out of 50. Take him!,5.0,1.0
Awesome professor. Took his Summer class and passed with an awesome grade. He is great at keeping the class entertained with his humor. Very funny teacher but knows how to keep the subject serious. Just study power points and textbook terms and you'll do great. Highly recommend this teacher!,5.0,2.0
Very nice professor. Posts powerpoints used in class online. Very easy, studying is necessary but he makes sure you have all the materials needed to pass.,4.5,2.0
Guthrie's an amazing professor. He's super funny and really easy if you go to class. Everything you need is on his website. He really sets the class up to help you. WARNING! You won't do well at all if you aren't willing to go to class.,4.5,1.0
Dr. Guthrie keeps the class interesting. He knows his stuff and welcomes your questions. He makes history very enjoyable and you never know what to expect in class. He once cancelled class because it was "so dang nice outside.",4.0,4.0
If you don't care about getting an A no need to go I went maybe 1/3 of the semester and got like a 78.,4.0,2.0
Very cool guy who is extremely laid back. He is very hilarious and always has something to say about anything! Highly recommend him for World History!,5.0,3.0
Very smart teacher and fun to listen to. He knows his stuff. If you have a chance to take him, do it.,4.5,1.0
A pretty hard class that you must study. Going to class seemed pretty useless because he puts the exact same lessons on the internet. However he is very smart and he knows what he is teaching and he is hilarious. A hard but good prof.,4.5,4.0
Best professor I have ever had. He has a great sense of humor, loves banter with his students, and is extremely knowledgable. Classes require effort, but are not impossible. he comes across as gruff the first time you meet him but he truly cares about the students and will take time to get to know you. The earring has to go though.,5.0,3.0
Professor Guthrie is awesome. He always keeps his lectures interesting, and always has some sort of hilarious remark. He also has hilarious stories to tell and most stem from his own life. Take him for EVERY history class possible,5.0,3.0
The class is not the easy A you might be looking for, however I found him to be hilarious and a great teacher at that. Recommended for your history classes.,5.0,4.0
After taking classes from Smelzer, he is a powerful breath of fresh air. Instead of trying to impress you with his knowldege of trivia and dates, he makes you think and care about the past. He is also fair and wants you to succeed (if you meet him half way),5.0,4.0
No, he is not an easy professor, he is a good professor who cares to make people learn the material (isn't that what we're here for?). His classes with his teaching methods make our degrees more valuable. The G in Guthrie stands for Gangsta!,5.0,4.0
Guthrie, although having different political view from me was the best professor I have ever had anywhere!!!!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,5.0
Guthrie is all around cool. We were in a play together, and he judged the Tarleton Idol contest, and he was hilarious during the improv sessions. His class was cool, though I must admit, I did not attend very regularly - he gave me a D.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Makes the class interesting, swears in class, test aren't too hard, definately lets you know his political veiws, talk to him some, let him know you are there.,4.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
LOTS of notes... pretty clear on lectures but tests are TOUGH... I should have studied more. I got my first ever D in his class...,4.0,5.0
Great professor, who is very animated on some days and it really helps to pay attention. He likes to mention alcohol in history, which is nice, but he really seems to be into it. I like his politics as well, he had a very interesting selection by Martin Luther in the readings that more people should read (not a side you generally get to see).,4.0,2.0
Kick ass teacher!! must have is easy as long as you show up to class and half way pay attention. Easy challenging multi-choice test but very easy essays,4.5,2.0
I never liked history until I took Guthrie. Very fair and understanding but not a pushover wimp. Great voice. Really like his power point stuff. You are missing an educational event if you don't take him at least once. I bet he was really hot in the old days.,5.0,4.0
Way too many notes and puts stuff on tests that he forgets to mention in his lecture and isnt in the reading.,1.0,5.0
The best there is. He is in a class by himself at Tarleton--no one else even comes close.,5.0,4.0
cool professor. tells it like it is. makes history a bit interesting.,5.0,2.0
HE is a great teacher! He is also my dad!,5.0,1.0
makes history intresting...not hard at all...sexy voice i agree,4.0,2.0
very good teacher, tells it like a bed time story. and a sexy voice.,3.5,3.0
Overall challenging course. Discussion boards are every week plus a quiz every week. The test are the killers of the course because even if you do good on everything else you can still not pass the class. She is also a tough grader on the discussion boards and you will have to respond to a minimum of 15 others in the class. Best advice avoid her,1.0,5.0
AVOID AT ALL COST! She is the worst professor I have ever come across. Her class consist of 3 grades which are all exams. I had already taken HIST 1302 so I was set up to pass 1301. WRONG! She made the class so difficult. Lectures on barley anything that is on the test. Have to listen and write the whole time and pray you don't miss a word. BAD!,1.0,5.0
This class is very difficult. The teacher only lectures on about 15% of the material needed for the exams. She is an extremely difficult grader and you WILL NOT pass if you do not read. You must give exact dates for her to give you points. there are no power points and she lectures the entire time. She takes weeks to get your grades back.,1.0,5.0
I had her for History and was miserable. No powerpoints are used. She just talks and you have to keep up with your notes. Our entire grade depended on 3 exams the whole semester.,1.0,5.0
Prepare to fail,1.0,5.0
By far the WORST professor/person I have ever come in contact with, she is a disgrace to Tarleton State University & shows no key values that most Tarleton Texans pride themselves upon. Janet Schmelzer shows no respect to her students or the beautiful University she works for. Do NOT take this lady unless you wish to sit through a semester of hell.,1.0,5.0
Assignments are excessive. Must post a main discussion post and respond to 15 other people for every chapter. Quizzes are relatively easy. Tests are long, but because this is an online class, you can just look up the answers. Schmelzer is not very nice or helpful, and due dates are not flexible.,2.0,3.0
The strictest professor I have ever had. Believes students lie regarding why assignments are missed. Had death occur where I was responsible for handling matters and unable to log in to do work and teacher did not care. Does not care what is happening in your life, she will not give any flexibility. Recommend taking this class at your local CC.,1.0,5.0
Extremely tough grader and only one day to do several assignments. She expects you to know everything about History and then criticizes your answers. Rude with her feedback, will not take her again.,1.5,3.0
Worst Professor I've ever had. Tests & Quizzes are only open 1 day. A discussion is assigned for each ch. You have one day to post your initial answer to her question. Then you must make 15 well-thought responses to others comments within 2 days. Very Rude. No make-ups. Terrible Prof. Dropped after two weeks.,1.0,5.0
Your total grade is made up of 3 tests. The tests are made up of 2 essays and 5 short answers questions. You have exactly 1 hour to finish it. Attendance is mandatory. If you miss 6 classes, she will fail you. Her instruction is lecture style. No technological devices at all. Read the book cover to cover and pay attention to lecture.,2.5,4.0
Class has three parts: Discussions, Quizzes & Tests. The quizzes and test were easy considering they were open book and note. The discussions were hard. She is a REALLY tough grader on these. You will never know where you stand in the course because she takes forever to grade. Its the last day and I have 5 outstanding grades.,2.5,3.0
Let's just say she had a full class at the beginning of this semester but the second we got back our one of only three test (with no homework or quiz grades ever taken) there are now 13 people in the class. Her grading methods are bad.,1.0,5.0
Asked for help and got none.,1.0,5.0
terrible teacher do not get her,1.0,5.0
3 test a semester including the final. Long lectures. No laptops, no phones, assigned seats, no hats, no recorders for lecture, no getting up to go to the bathroom, no talking, no hats! She gets irritated when you ask questions. Test are essay test so be prepared to write an essay on all term given in class(300+). Worst professor I have ever had.,1.0,5.0
I would not recommend taking her if you are not good at keeping up with assignments. While the class was fairly straight forward, she was terrible at responding to questions. She only gives you 1 day to do 2 assignments and you have 2 assignments per day. 90% of testquiz answers can be found online, though.,1.5,4.0
This class was awful. Not really hard but tons of busywork. You're assigned a discussion topic and have to write your own answer plus reply at least 15 times to other people for full credit. Quizzes were easy but tests were 100 questions in 90 min. You have 24 hrs for quizzes and tests. No flexibility.,2.0,4.0
Our entire class average was based on three exam grades. Thats it! The exams are ALL essay questions and don't expect to see powerpoint presentations in class. She just talks the whole time. It was a very difficult class. PS: She takes attendance every day and has assigned seating within the front half of the class. No technology allowed either.,3.0,5.0
She is by far the rudest ladyprofessor I have ever met. For your own sake don't take her class you will dread going every single time.,1.0,5.0
lectures are long and boring! No bathroom brakes even in a 3 hour night class. Very strict and unclear. She is very rude to students. I would never take her class again.,1.0,5.0
She's a hard teacher but only because the type of studying for her class is way different than any other class out there. Her class is hard but if you work hard and she knows it she will help you out with your grade.,1.5,5.0
This was an interesting and excellent class. She only gave one test and made the final optional and offered to drop the lowest grade. Bonus points were also given throughout the semester for different reasons.,5.0,1.0
Not difficult as long as you show up, take notes, and read. She assumes that you'll actually understand the reading, so no lecture over the books. The tests are essay--facts (names, dates, places) are very important!! Go to class and pay attention, try to learn something and you'll be fine. Blow this class off and you won't make it.,4.0,4.0
Ended up being all work online but class still mandatory. SO MEAN!,1.0,5.0
She is very confusing and stands at the front of the room and talks. She doesn't give a power point or write on the board. She tells you to read the book and take notes on the chapter but doesn't lecture on what is in the book. SHE IS TERRIBLE. Everyone I know is failing... 2 grades is all she gives us.. a midterm and a final!!! DO NOT TAKE HER!!!!,1.0,5.0
Grades really hard and is not clear on her instructions. She does not take late work but she thinks she is an exception to the rule. The course required you to talk about a certain subject each week and she requires that you post at least 15 posts to receive full credit. Her quizes are ok if you use Chegg online books.,1.0,5.0
Only class I have ever dropped, she is a terrible teacher. I don't recommend taking her unless you want no life outside of her class.,1.0,5.0
She is IMPOSSIBLE! She grades hard. Have 15+ posts per discussion and only one day to do both. Unless you are a history wizard, the tests are impossible to complete. Quizzes are hard. DO NOT TAKE HER! DROP HER!,1.0,5.0
RIDICULOUS. I'm all for working hard to make high grades, but you WILL NOT please this woman. I spoke to other teachers and even they said not to take her. First and only class I have ever dropped. She will give you a work load that will take hours a day, and then grade so hard that you have no chance. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASSES EVER.,1.0,5.0
She is ridiculously hard to please. Asks you comment on 15+ posts for discussions. I asked for additional help and maybe some power points or extra questions that would help me with the tests and she told me to do the questions out of the book, which I had explained to her I already did. She told me to try harder next time.,2.0,5.0
If you have any sort of life outside of class DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR! Her class is like a full time job. It's super stressful. I looked up every answer and still failed all tests and quizzes. You ar required to make 15 posts for each chapter, minimum, and they cannot repeat. It's insanely hard and even other professors agree its ridiculous.,1.5,5.0
Absolutely hated the class. Discussions are a big part of the grade and you must read the textbook in order to pass. Takes a LOT of time, dedication, and work to make an A... Something I didn't have. Highly advising to NOT take her.,1.5,4.0
Took this online class, lazy teacher that is inconsistent with grading times. She relies to much on the book & technology to do the teaching for her. The discussions get reptative, as a person that loves history I regret taking her class.,3.0,3.0
AWFUL! This is the worst class i have ever taken. The workload is ridiculous. I am taking this course online. I have to dedicate twice as much time to this class than I do any any of my face-to-face lectures. Do not take this professor.,2.0,5.0
The course was difficult, but I am by no means a great student but devoted the time that was asked to learn the material. Her test were not based on specific dates because she at time herself even messed up the dates but were based on the students ability learn the material and recite it from nothing but a prompt.,3.0,5.0
Worst teacher I have ever had! Tests are extremely difficult! I studied for 2 weeks straight and only made a 42! I love history but this woman makes liking anything hard. She also treats you like a child giving you assigned seats and taking attendance every day. Dropped her!,1.0,5.0
Tough schedule that you must stay with or fall behind easily. Lots of discussion posts, one long post that must be done on the first day its opened, and two more days to complete a minimum of 15 other posts, all different and cannot be generic "I agree with you" statements. Test the following day on chapter, and then onto the next discussion.,4.0,4.0
Her test are extremely difficult. Make sure you KNOW YOUR STUFF! your responsible for what she lectures about and whats in the book. Be able to write 2 essays about any of the given topics and 4 short answers!,3.0,3.0
Took the course online. She requires lots of dicussion. She asks that you comment 15+ times to other students yet she asks that you are not repititive. This can be difficult considering everyone is discussing the same subject. Test are easy, but expect lots of busy work.,2.0,4.0
I took on-line. The class is not easy, but you can make an A if you put in the effort. Her directions are clear.,4.0,4.0
I took this class online, and it was pretty hard. It's really intensive- a lot of discussion and homework assignments.,4.0,5.0
She is not near as bad as these reviews make her out to be. You have three test a semester and they are essay format, so it is a lot to study & remember but she grades on a positive bases. You do have to read from the book though.,4.0,3.0
Excellent teacher, I had her for online. The tests are multiple choice and go along with the reading. Yes we had two books however they are enjoyable. I recommend her!!!! She is busy though and will take a little bit to grade and email back. But other than that very good. I liked the structure of the class.,5.0,5.0
Professor stayed behind on grading (like a month or more). She did not reply to any of my emails. This made it difficult because it was an online class. She did not participate in ANY of our classroom discussions. She was very arrogant and not helpful at all. She got paid for basically doing nothing.,1.5,4.0
Very disappointed! ALways found a reason to cancel class and not teach. She didn't know what she was talking about and would get mad when the students would know more than her. Do not take her if you don't have to.,1.5,5.0
I took this class online, and it was pretty hard. It's really intensive- a lot of discussion and homework assignments. Overall, it's not too bad, but I did all the assignments and worked my butt off for a B,2.5,4.0
Did not receive work or grades back for a month. Not a terrible class, just bad administrative skills.,1.0,3.0
She does not relate the material taught in class to the book. She doesn't respond to emails quickly, I understand she is busy but not even within a week. Failed the class with a 59. I personally think it is WRONG to fail a student by 1 point. I attended class everyday.,2.5,5.0
On of the worst teachers I've had so far. I'm taking her online and none of the quizzes relate to the material in the book. She gives unnecessary amounts of work and is very strict on grading, if she doesn't like what you wrote, you fail the assignment. I do not reccommend taking her.,1.5,5.0
Terrible. Don't take her. I'm an A student who had to work my butt off to earn a C. Something's not right.,2.0,5.0
Schmelzer is awful! I would not recommend her. She is sucky! She skips stuff. She just walks around the room. She has no sense of humor. She doesn?t respond to emails. I hated her! I would not recommend her. She would not allow us to go to the bathroom once we were in the class. I would never recommend this professor to anyone. She should not b,1.0,5.0
Do NOT take her aweful teacher!! She lectures the whole class and the tests are hard and dont relate to the notes. All tests are short answer and theres only 3.,1.0,5.0
If you plan on taking her summer Hist 202 class you better not have a life outside her class. She is not lenient on anything and the assignments only have a one day window so you have to finish them that day. I would not recommend her for an online class.,2.5,4.0
The sucky thing about this teacher is that she only has three tests throughout the semester. the test are essay, but they are very easy if you pay attention to lecture notes and read the book she is almost elementary as long as you pay attention and read the book. I say again.... pay attention and read the book it's not that hard.,4.0,3.0
you have 3 test all semester all essay test(2 major topics then 5 short answer). You takes notes every day. She does skip stuff threw the book that is on the test. you cant miss more than 6 class days. no exceptions. shes not bad if you read chapters weekly and take notes every day.,2.0,4.0
if you have any interests in passing this class, i suggest reading every chapter of the book that is assigned. she won't tell you which chapters to read, so just read all of them. she just walks around the room and talks about whatever she has written down on her single transparency. and guys... she doesn't allow hats in her class!,2.0,5.0
I took Hist 201 and 202 with her. I never enjoyed History before, and can't say I enjoy it now, but I would take her class again. She is EXTREMELY straightforward and has a dry sense of humor. You know where you stand and what you need to do to make the grade in her class from day 1. She grades on a positive scale, you start at 0 and earn points.,4.0,4.0
She's a nice lady but didn't responded to my emails asking for help- only lectures-tests are impossible- comes to class looking tired- obviously has other things going on in her life. refuses to give any kind of slack for her students- you do learn the material but its not fun!DONT TAKE HER CLASS UNLESS YOU HAVE ALOT OF TIME TO PUT TOWARDS STUDYING,2.0,5.0
Good Professor, she is difficult and does expect work from students. Very knowledgeable.,4.0,5.0
Has strict attendance policy that does not apply to her. Told us that we would automatically flunk if we missed more than 6 classes and then missed 8 of them herself. Typical of her arrogance. Avoid her like the plague.,2.0,4.0
Okay, so I have discovered the secret to Schmelzer. I took Hist 201 with her and HATED her because she was so hard, however, I gave her another chance and took an advanced course from her and she was very likeable and the class was extremely easy. She hates teaching survey courses.,3.0,2.0
Her grading system is difficult to understand one doesn't know how her check marks add up. She doesn't use much of her lecture time over test worth material. You must read your book more than once to do well on her all essay tests,1.5,5.0
Run as fast as you can. Unless you like to take notes and read almost the whole book. She gives 3 exams and that includes the final, they are all essay exams you have to write two essays and answer 5 short answer questions in 60 mins. I would not recommend her.,2.0,5.0
In taking her class she never gave any of the class any leeway, she never gave us pop quizzes to help us. She would not allow us to go to the bathroom once we were in the class. She never gave us an opportunity to take extra work to help us raise our grade I would never recommend this professor to anyone. She should not be allowed to teach.,1.0,5.0
I had her for both semesters of HIST. Her tests are hard, but not if you know how to take them. The more you know, the better you do. My suggestion: read the chapters twice. If you read and comprehend the book, you'll get a good grade. If you read ahead of lecture, you'll understand better what she's talking about. And she will help you!,4.5,5.0
Very hard to comprehend because it is pure lecturing...nothing more nothing less!,2.0,5.0
very rude first day of class, giving her demands of the class and if even break one little rule she says she will fail you. tests are hard, at least 75% of the class made a C or lower,2.0,5.0
Was concerned after taking classes with another history professor on campus. Now I find HIS commentary childish, unfounded and petty. She is an excellent teacher. She is witty, approachable, eager to help. She does expect high quality work from her students but she tells you up front her expectations. Learned alot--wished I'd had her more&him less.,5.0,4.0
She's great, you just have to actually work in her class,5.0,5.0
Schmelzer is hard, all tests are essay tests. She just talks all class with no chronological order and you have to figure out what she will put on the test.,2.0,5.0
She's awful. I was really interested in this class, and she has totally ruined it for me. She's condescending and just awful. I do the readings and assignments but she makes every attempt to demean students. And she asks some really dumb questions, too. Awful, awful, awful.,1.0,5.0
Dropped the class after the first day. My friends told me to avoid this creature and they were right!!! Just one day told me she was real, real bad news. Mean, rude, dictatorial, and kind of hard to look at for any length of time.,1.0,2.0
this lady is hard!!! you have to study your butt off to pass this class... i made a D!!!! And--she will NOT give you any direction what-so-ever as to what to study.. you only have THREE grades, two tests and your final exam, all essay.. good luck if you get this pro.,1.5,5.0
I had the same problem as the previous writer. I tried to make an appointment to see this troll about class and she never responded. TSu should have fired her lazy butt a long time ago. Positively the worst teacher on campus.,1.0,5.0
I didn't have this teacher but my boyfriend did and she was HORRIBLE. He studied for tests and still didn't do well on them. Then she didnt even try to make the time to help him when he asked to meet w/ her. He wanted to meet w/ her about the final and she didnt email him back till this week. Hello?? school was over with almost 2 months ago! JERK,1.0,5.0
AVOID TAKING THIS CLASS! I wanted to commit suicide everytime I went to class.... I have taken A&P, Organic chemistry, and many other hard classes at Tarleton and this history class has been the HARDEST! It is ridiculous!,1.5,5.0
She may not be the easiest teacher but she is wonderful! Brilliant teacher... knows everything about history. If you go you will learn. Probably my hardest class... but I loved it.,4.5,4.0
BOOOOOOO! I would consired a different one who is better to keep up with. I know there is a lot of history but she could atleast go in order & just go over the important facts & not so much detail.Thats where you fail b/c she expects you to know EVERY little detail for an ESSAY test!,2.5,5.0
RUN! FAR FAR AWAY! Honestly you will fail even if you study!,1.0,5.0
Dr. Schmelzer is without a doubt the most ambigous,difficult teacher I have ever taken at Tarleton. She makes history harder than it really is.,1.0,5.0
An outstanding professor whose depth of knowledge is equalled only by her exceptionally great ability to present it and her flawless fairness in evaluationg the student. Only those too lazy or too stupid to work will dislike her.,5.0,1.0
extremely hard teacher! only has two tests other than the final. they are essay tests and she grades based on how many specific points you put in them. i am usually an A and B student, but i am struggling to keep a C in this class!,2.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
This lady is freaking insane. She helps you out in any way possible. She taught me the best way to take notes, and then even offered to review them to make sure I was getting the material correct. What sucks is that her tests are essay format. Two questions were worth 40 points each! Then, half the material on the test wasn't even covered in class.,5.0,5.0
worst teacher of all time TAKE GUTHRIE,1.0,5.0
OMG ! person out of the intire class got an A and it wasn't me... her basic grade it a C so good luck,1.0,5.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
OMG. I dropped out of this class after the first day! She's completely anal about everything. Basically, if u do something she doesn't like..ur out of the class!,1.0,5.0
She is very challenging. You must read, but I found her lectures interesting. She is very knowledgable, but not available for questions.,4.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
the most boring, unprofessional professor of all time. She is always late or never comes to class. I advise to never take this class and i am not alone. Take Guthrie.,1.0,5.0
IF you dont have the time to read chapter after chapter this is not the teacher for you. Her test cover at least 7 chapters a peice and there isnt any real way to review b/c there is so much information. On her test she wants specific dates and poeple its more like memorize the book for the tests.,2.0,4.0
Only takes 3 grades, but nice.,4.0,4.0
History Nazi...she's evil. Essay exams that cover tons of material. No real review either.,2.5,5.0
Why to they keep this person? missed 11 classes this past semester, late all the time, reads from notes that are yellow and cracked with age. Thinks history is all dates and names. A real dinosaur--worst history teacher of all time!,1.5,5.0
The hardest course ever. Never take this class.,1.0,5.0
Very difficult tests and she only takes 2 grades. She is absent or late all the time. The head of the department apologized for her. That about says it all...,1.0,5.0
Be sure to read the book, lectures do not cover. Shows up late every day, only 2 tests..very hard unless you study! Doesn't curve.,2.0,5.0
Extremely hard tests! Teacher absent ALL the time! It's a teach yourself course.,1.0,5.0
Dr. Toner's class consists of blog responses and 3 exams. Sounds easy which is why I took it. However each week consists of 10-20 pieces of content you have to read. And the exams are 45 in depth short answers requiring exact info from all of those pieces of content. Each one took me at least 8 hours to complete. The exams are 75% of your grade.,1.0,5.0
I really really enjoyed my class with Professor Toner. The material in our lessons is always super interesting and he truly wants students to learn. I was so impressed by the amount of thoughtful feedback he provides, I appreciated all of it and learned a ton. The tests are long, but he is an easy grader if you work hard.,5.0,3.0
Very clear and simple assignments, but tests are lengthy and more difficult. Very worth getting the good grade.,3.5,3.0
great online class. TONS of reading and writing. actually deserved the writing intensive categorization. Good teacher gives feedback quickly and answers questions clearly. Difficult class but worth it if the material interests you.,5.0,4.0
He always gave me great feedback and extra insight on the papers, though it was a lot of work. Don't get me wrong tho, his class was well worth the hours put in because the material was excellent and it was a real eye-opener. Not an easy A, by any means, but a life changing course with a prof. that's obviously passionate about what he is doing.,4.5,4.0
Asks test questions like "What kind of world can our children expect?",2.0,4.0
The worst class I have ever taken.,1.0,5.0
great internet course,5.0,3.0
Really good at getting conversations going, very open minded,5.0,2.0
He is nice, and know what he is doing.... BUTTTT he doesn't know how to teach. Yes he may offer extra credit, and curve at the end but it isn't worth the money when you don't learn something to you. If making failing grades on tests but still somehow passing with a low final grade suites you, go for it.. But if you want a decent GPA, don't take him,1.0,5.0
Although I read the book before class started I still had to translate every word he was saying, which is a huge distraction from actually learning the subject. His tests are difficult and the amount of help you may need outside of class is very unavailable with this instructor and subject. Definitely teach yourself course, look for other options.,1.0,5.0
This class is hard to begin it and the instructor only makes it worst. It was a terrible experience and unfortunately you have to take two semester of it. Although he is nice, that doesn't benefit the way you will learn the course subject or the help you will need to receive.,1.0,5.0
The class is pretty horrible; however, dr. chao is really nice. It is really hard to understand and make out what the correct answers should be, also really confusing.,2.5,4.0
Hard class, and language barrier is a problem. He will spend any ammount of time in and out of class going over material with you. His tests are very rough. Most of the questions come from previous CPA exams which confuses people when he says the 60 test average is good. He understands the difficulty of his tests and curves like crazy.,3.0,4.0
I wish I had dropped the class... It's a teach yourself class because he makes constant errors and is impossible to understand. There have been times, I was so confused by him that I just left. Bad news for me he's the only one who teaches this class unless I wanna drive to another campus.,1.0,5.0
You will have to teach yourself.Too difficult to understand him.His syntax is worse than his accent.I dont think he reads the book anymore which sucks because the law changes every year.He's often confused and can't find the correct answer in the book or he doesn't understand what you ask him.Avoid the class if you can, however not many teach it :(,1.0,5.0
He's the worst teacher ever. He can't speak a word of English and if you ask him a question he won't be able to answer it. He doesn't write legibly and makes constant mistakes. There is absolutely no point in taking this class, waste of your time.,1.0,5.0
He is foreign and so his asian accent is really thick and hard to understand. When you ask him a question he often answers a different question because he cant understand you either. You pretty much just have to teach yourself out of the book but you can tell he really knows his stuff and he curves like crazy.,1.0,3.0
He tries to do a good job of teaching it just doesn't work. He is very hard to understand and doesn't get across the material well. He does give bonus points pretty much everyday you attend class. I recommend not taking him because he was so dificult to understand but if its ur only choice go to class and rely on the book the notes aren't much help,2.0,4.0
Hard to understand, test aren't terribly hard just study. Go over the book, his test are mostly like the homework problems with a little bit of the concepts from the chapters. He gives extra credit pretty much every class. Not a hard class if you show some effort.,1.5,3.0
GREAT TEACHER! Always answered questions gives tons of extra credit for coming to class! So nice and helpful.,3.5,3.0
DONT take him - he is not ANY help and he is REALLY hard to understand... his tests have nothing to do with what we studied. Just don't take him - easiest way!,1.0,5.0
Avoid him like the plague! He is NO help and when you TRY to get help from him, he tries to make you feel stupid! I am a straight A student and I got a C - thank God for those bonus points! His avg on tests is usually around a 60 - and HE thinks that's GOOD!! The book doesnt help w/tests because he can't even help you..DONT TAKE HIM!,1.0,5.0
ACCT 2043 Hard to understand at first, but with all the bonus he gives at the end his class is not hard to pass or get an A in. Be sure and attend to get bonus points and not to fall behind. You will have to study to pass his test.,3.0,2.0
Horrable class horrable teacher. TSU needs someone that speaks english had to drop his class because i could not understand him and when approched for help he tells you too look at notes that make no since at all,1.0,5.0
Dr. Liu is a little hard to understand, however he knows federal tax and managerial accounting thoroughly. He is also a very nice person who works very hard trying to teach his classes. The morons who complain need to go over the their books BEFORE coming to class so that they can understand him better.,3.5,2.0
Easy Prof. but does not thoroughly teach the material for tests. Students can still ace tests by carefully reading the chapter.,2.5,1.0
Chao Liu is a very good teacher..at first he is hard to understand, but he is willing to help his students out,4.5,3.0
LOVED him! He was very nice and was glad to try to help if there were any questions. Made lectures interesting and fun, but be prepared to learn. He was occasionally late to class and therefore he talked past the let out time, but that was few and far between. Made Business Statistics one of my favorite classes!,5.0,4.0
The class isn't the easiest, but he explains things so well that they make a lot of sense. I had him for Business Statistics, and I really didn't think it was that hard, plus he's a nice guy and gave us extra credit. Just show up and actually pay attention and you'll do fine.,4.5,3.0
Great Teacher! The class is easy if you show up, take notes, and actually do your homework. He will also give you all the help you ask for. :),5.0,3.0
bla bla,3.0,3.0
He is the rudest, most unorganized teacher i have ever had!! he misses class, but expects u to be precisely on time or u can't turn in work or pick up handouts. he speed reads through the notes, so u don't learn, and u never know what to expect on the test! DON'T TAKE HIM!!!! PLEASE!!,2.0,4.0
I think that he is an awesome professor. He classes are hard, but I guarantee that you will learn what you need to. I think he gets a bad wrap because his classes are hard. He is a great teacher and is very understanding if problems arise. I have never had a problem with him and have actually taken him a lot.,4.5,4.0
He is an idiot. He makes no sense in his instructions. He can't seem to answer anyones questions. Half the time I think he needs to get his head checked. If you don't have to take him DON'T!!,1.0,4.0
I took business statitistics over the summer w/ Warnock. It was a lot of work, but if you showed up to class and took notes you did well.,4.5,3.0
He is okay. I didn't have much problems with him. I did good on exams. However, he will talk until way after class is done. If you miss class don't try to hand in your work unless you know ahead of time and tell him. Also if you call him out about an answer i can tell you now your wrong he is right.,3.0,3.0
He makes a lot of excuses for not getting his work done. He won't answer questions. He just asks you a question in return.,1.0,5.0
good, but very, very hard,5.0,5.0
Awesome prof with a good sense of humor- likely will be your most fun class of the semester. Makes lectures interesting. Highly recommended.,4.5,3.0
She has a certain assignment where you basically have a chapter diary. Not mere summaries, but your thoughts, questions, and all that other stuff. She wants you to write as much as possible and it is difficult to think about everything if you work full time and study full time. I would not recommend this class if you have a busy life going on.,2.0,4.0
Worst Professor in my entire college career. Ridiculous amount of work. Grades harshly and provides zero feedback. Class requires you to have no life or job. Does not care about students at all. Avoid taking for sports physiology.,1.0,4.0
Dr. Gibson expects way too much. I had her for a 8 week course and she assigns 4 chapters every week that includes 10 assignments each chapter with a 5 page summary for every chapter. She expects the class to be your life. I wouldnt recommend taking her to anyone especially if you have a job or are taking other courses.,1.0,5.0
She gives you a lot of work to do so just beware of taking other classes because it is extremely time-consuming to just do all the assignments that are due. (14 chapters) Each chapter has about 4 things each to get done and they're not fast assignments, as well as the quizzes and final are proctored.,2.0,5.0
I loved her.,5.0,2.0
This professor is unclear in her syllabi and very rude when you email her questions. I emailed her multiple times regarding my grade and each time she said "refer to your syllabus". She gives you so much work to do and you dont really get anything out of it. I have to retake the class and I WILL NOT BE TAKING HER AGAIN!! Read all of the reviews!,1.0,5.0
I already love this prof. If you like psych, especially, you'll like this class. She focuses more on the original, written work. There is quite a bit of effort put into this, but it's really interesting, and she's a great, lively professor who has very clear guidelines. We're in college. We work for it. She's great. Plenty of EC.,5.0,3.0
This class is geared around you and your grade depends on the effort you put in. She offers 130+ points but all you need is 90 to get an A; so you get to pick and choose what assignments to do. She has this class laid out to where you can navigate in ways that fit your learning style. I would take this professor any day of the week!!,5.0,2.0
I took Dr. Gibson-Diaz for Sport Psychology, she took forever to get back assignments, most of the extra credit assignments were due before she gave grades back, so you basically had to assume the worst. She NEVER responded to any of my emails. I will never take her again.,1.0,3.0
I love her classes. She clearly defines the outline of the course and has everything up and ready the day the course begins. Students can work ahead and finish early if they want. She has several assignments, but these help to pull up ones grade. she grades easy and allows for retakes of quizzes. There's no reason for a person to get less than an A,5.0,4.0
I love her classes. She has lots of work over the materials, but I feel they give the student an opportunity to understand the contents of the course, instead of just passing a class for a grade. She's encouraging and helpful when needed. Her course is layed out and able to finish early if one desires. Multiple retakes on quizzes. Great teacher,5.0,4.0
It is easy, TOO EASY. I have taken 3 classes from her, and received all As. But I learned NOTHING. If you want knowledge, skip her. If you want a good GPA but learning is not important, she is your best path. Lots of busy work and unlimited chances on quizzes.,2.0,1.0
Ms. Gibson was the worst I've had at TSU yet. Good instructions, lots to read but taking her on-line class was a beating. Rarely got replies from her & she was slow to post grades. I earned an A, but I won't take another on-line class w/her. Avoid this instructor. SO not worth the frustration. Did give the final as extra credit, so there's that.,2.0,4.0
She is AWESOME!!! I'm honestly sad about the semester ending, her class has been fun.,5.0,4.0
She is a hard teacher but I also took her for a junior level class so there is going to be work to do. She give you the opportunity to work ahead. The hardest thing is the midterm and final. Other then that she is straight forward on what is expected for the class.,4.0,3.0
A lot of homework, but it's doable if you set a half a day for her class you will be fine. I have taken two of her classes and it's about the same workload; chapter quiz, 1 assignment, and discussion board along with 3 responses. She's very fair, but hardly any extra credit. Overall great, but hard-ish class, I would take her again.,4.0,4.0
Worst teacher I've had. I had her online so I don't know her personality but going solely off of course work it was HORRIBLE! Quiz answers aren't direct so you don't know which to choose and doesn't inform you about at least three journal article reviews that are only worth 5-10 points. OVERLOADS work also! I love psychology so I was dissapointed,1.5,5.0
The WORST prof of my undergrad career. Took several of her online classes & they were all labor intensive. Much of it busy work... Her superiors need to address her outrageous workloads. Tough grader as well. Even her syllabus speaks down to the student. Overall rude in tone. Why be unkind? AVOID IF POSSIBLE.,1.5,4.0
Complete and total witch! Do not take her, avoid at all costs. She makes you write an outrageous amount of notes in class yet tests straight from the book. She does not even bother to tell you what to study from the book. Tests are very hard. She is very rude any time you try to ask questions and does not answer your questions directly.,1.0,5.0
Make sure you do her discussions, that is what killed my grade. She is clear on what she wants in her class, you just have to do it. You do not have to go to class but there are a ton of in class assignments. Make sure you read the textbook!,4.0,4.0
She is hard. Doesn't answer emails right away, doesn't answer questions through email either. Have taken her for other classes so I knew what to expect. However, her test questions sometimes are not in the book or in her lectures if it weren't for other classes I've taken I might not have done as well,2.0,4.0
Gibson sets her standards early on and sticks to them. She's a nice woman, and if you attend class and participate, you'll walk away with a better understanding of what she's teaching and you'll do fine. But you won't pass this class without effort, so don't come looking for an easy A!,4.0,3.0
I really enjoyed her as a professor. She was clear in her expecations and left no room for excuses. You just have to do your work and submit it on time to do well. She was an easy grader too. I would take her again!!,3.5,4.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!! This is the worst professor I have ever had. Will not respond to emails. Grades assignments and if wrong will not let you correct even if it is her fault. Not very clear on instructions either. DO NOT TAKE!!!,1.0,5.0
ONLY C IN MY UNDERGRAD CAREER RUN FOR THE HILLS,1.0,5.0
Horrible instructor! Waits until day grades are due at registrar's office to post grades for assignments.Gives you a week to dispute grades but doesn't grade til too late to dispute! Does not e-mail you back; does not tell you what you did wrong even when you ask her.Will not round up even if your grade is 89.99. Do not take this instructor!!!,1.0,5.0
Great Professor! Go to class, skim the chapter and you'll be fine. She likes to know students so stay after class, shake her hand and say hi. Quizzes are online so open book, use the index and you'll be fine. She gives you the syllabus the first day of class, stick to it and don't forget deadlines and there's no way you won't make an A.,4.0,3.0
I took her throughout my undergrad career and became very close with her! All the negative comments are ridiculous! She gives you everything you are doing the first day of class follow the syllabus and due dates she gives no exceptions! Only hard if you cant follow directions! Very helpful if you just ask for it! LOVEEE HER!,5.0,5.0
She is the worst professor I've ever had. She is very rude. I took the online version and she does not make any effort to help you. You have to do a JAR paper and she will not help you with it. I messaged her numerous times and did not receive a reply. I asked about grades and she didn't reply until it was too late to do anything. Avoid taking her.,1.0,5.0
This professor is so rude! She doesn't care if you do bad or that you need help. I took her online and she never responded to any e-mails. She doesn't tell you what you did wrong or how you can improve. Avoid taking her. She did absolutely nothing to teach the class. Just gave assignments and never contacted us unless it was convenient for her.,1.5,5.0
She is the worst professor I have ever had. She was incredibly inconsistent with her grading and never fully explained anything. I took the class the majority of the semester and never misssed a day and I cannot recall one thing I learned from her class.,1.0,4.0
This teacher is the worst teacher ever! I have to take her 3 times now because she really does not help or even care to for her students who do not know Avoid if you can This semester we gave presentations. I dominated mine and should of gotten a good grade. Instead she gave me a F LAST TIME I CHECKED THIS WAS A ED PSYC CLASS AND NOT A COMMS CLASS!,1.0,5.0
I took her for an online class and it sucked. She had discussion questions that are impossible to earn total points for. When I asked her why I did not receive total credit she said I had a week to dispute the grade. Not trying to dispute trying to clarify. She does not get anything graded early Last week of class and no clue what grade I will make,2.5,4.0
She doesn't care about your problems, If you forget to take a test you are doomed to spend a week to fix the zero. If you are late, you are out of luck. I am a determined nursing major and the busy work is beneath me, and a waste of time since very little is learned in this class. She spends too much time talking about irrelevant topics.,3.0,5.0
If you show up and look over the chapters in the book before you take the online test, then you will do GREAT! With the extra credit offered, my grade the whole semester remained OVER a 100 average! She knows what she is talking about and puts it in a way we all can understand! I recommend her for this class!,5.0,1.0
I never had a professor miss so many classes, she either canceled or outright missed class several times. And although the syllabus says that class attendance wasn't mandatory, she would have pop-assignments that were a significant portion of the overall grade.,2.0,2.0
LOVE HER! She is by far my favorite college professor. Her tests are hard and she has alot of busy work but if you actually go to class you will learn the material. She makes it fun and adds in real life situations into her lesson plans. Don't take her if you just want an easy "A" by slacking.,4.0,3.0
she assigns way to much work for a 101 class. It should be alot easier then it was.,2.5,5.0
Awesome teacher,5.0,5.0
WOW! I love this woman, so cool, very funny and knows how to reason with kids, I've always heard don't take her but I think this semester she must have changed because she's hot, cool and understanding!,3.5,3.0
she may be hot,she might know the subject,but doesnt know how to teach it-whats the fun being a teacher especially a psychology teacher?i never underst00d what she teaches&if u ask doubts,it wont be answered&dont expect any help from her.wont help u at all.her GA knows much better than her.dont take this class.worst person i have ever met.tests har,1.5,3.0
Avoid her, she knows her stuff but not how to teach it. She NEVER told us what to study.,1.0,5.0
I took her Ed psych class, and it was my first B in my major classes, being psychology. But she is alot nicer in her smaller classes like sports psych. We missed the last two weeks of class because her tests are open book so if you just go through the chap and skim a little bit the tests aren't too bad. But Ed. Psych is a bit challenging.,4.5,2.0
All her tests are open book, open notes. You still have to think though. The tests are mostly easy. She's my advisor though, and she's not incredibly smart when it comes to advising. Doesn't seem like she likes people bothering her in her office.,4.0,1.0
She's an ok teacher. If I could take another professor for some of the classes she teaches, I would definitely do so.,2.5,4.0
If you're a frat boy, sign up for the class- if not forget about it----- there is no respect for other peopleoutside the greek system!!!!! She doesnt teach from the book, and her tests come from it. Never gives you any help- and doesnt give a clue on what to study. Not a very nice lady. Went to her office once and she like bite my head off!!!!! Not a good teacher- wouldnt recommend her.,1.5,4.0
It goes to show ya, you have to have more then looks to be good at your profession. She is arrogent and too into herself to be concerned about her students. I showed up for class more times than she did. NOT GOOD!,1.5,1.0
I like the ex credit .,5.0,1.0
I don't know how she is still teaching b/c I didn't learn anything in there ~ and I'm not a dumb person! Try a diff teacher!,1.5,4.0
she wouldnt tell us what was on tests, dont take her for anything unless you can get a 100 without knowing what to study,3.0,4.0
SHe has to be the worst teacher on this campus. We never spent more than 35 min in a TTH class, and I didn't learn anything from her. I really think that this is one of the most important classes for future teachers. Therefore, if you want to learn something, DO NOT TAKE HER!!!,1.0,4.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
this class used to be easy but it isn't anymore. at the risk of sounding redundant, GO TO CLASS, and STUDY! The tests are hard,3.0,5.0
Everyone who thinks she is cute..you are wrong! She sucked as a teacher. She has no clue what she is talking about! Do not take her if you do not have to. Yes the class is easy but if you have a question...forget it if you think she'll answer it or your emails.,1.0,1.0
class would be better if she told us exactly what to study because sometimes she doesn't,2.0,4.0
fun class but she can be mean and doesnt give very clear idea of what to study on tests, i studied for hours for one test and still made a 50.... use your book on the online quizes to get a 100 otherwise you will never pass her class,3.0,4.0
not hard if you go to class,4.0,2.0
She was very nice and awfully cute too. I think she might not have a clue, though.,3.0,1.0
she has a lot of days you dont have to come to class,4.0,2.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
Fun Teacher, lots of videos to watch. Easy tests and shtuff. Nibb High Football Rules!,5.0,1.0
it was an easy class...take home tests and a few articles but mostly it was lecture which was kinda boring but she was nice and her class is easy.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,2.5,1.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
She was alright but i wouldnt exactly call here a "teacher",3.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Easiest class at Tarleton. Only morons would fail this class.,5.0,1.0
Student in the late 80's. Kirk was a buster but fair. Spot on with his approach; the business world does not coddle you, has high demands on your time, and doesn't tolerate BS. Neither did Kirk. Go flip burgers if you can't meet high expectations or don't want to use your brain. Show up for class, do the work and it's an easy A.,4.0,4.0
This old guy needs to start collecting social security. He gives 100+ questions for every test and thinks he knows everything while he still teaches things from the early 80's. We watched vhs tapes that put me to sleep for the entire period sometimes. He will call you out if he sees you texting and will be a complete anus.,1.0,5.0
Kirkland is not a professor for freshmen. If you are used to high school slacking, teachers holding your hand and reminding you about your homework every day... you need to face the reality of college somewhere else. Read the textbook (on your own) and study the notes and you'll get 90% of the exams. He is PARANOID about cheating!,4.0,4.0
Dr. Kirkland is my all time fav. I've taken hime for 3 classes and really respect him. All he asks for is your time, attention, and respect. He does not put up with cell phone use, hats, or any other distracting nonsense. My advice.. take him, respect him and behave as you would in church. He is dedicated to "teaching" you...,4.0,4.0
I'm an "older" student who took Kirkland back in the late 80's and was just checking to see what TSU is saying about him these days. I LOVED him and glad to see he is still the drill sargent he used to be expecting the youngin's to be responsible and the men to take off their hats etc. I found him very accessible and helpful during office hours.,5.0,5.0
MUST GO TO CLASS!MUST DO THE REVIEW AND STUDY MUCH BEYOND THE REVIEW TO PASS HIS 100 QUESTION TEST ESPECIALLY IN 50 MINS!THE ONLY GOOD THING IS OF YOU HAVE AN A AT THE END OF THE SEMESTER YOU DONT HAVE TO TAKE THE FINAL AND HE GIVES LOTS AND LOTS OF BUSY WORK TO PROVIDE PLENTY OF BONUS POINTS!TAKE HIM AT YOUR OWN RISK...,2.0,5.0
Dr. Kirkland is a simple man, he doesn't put up with little babies that don't belong in college. I do believe his test are unreasonable but he does give a lot of extra credit to bump your grade up a letter. If you do the review you will succeed but reading the chapters helps also. He is the real deal, for professional students, no BS.,3.5,4.0
This old man is rediculous.Gives 150+ questions for a test almost every week up until the final. Thinks he can see a cell phone within 100ft..but embarrasses hisself every time. He could care less whether you pass or fail! DO NOT TAKE...it's about time for him to retire.,1.0,5.0
this guy is a joke. he should not be allowed in the class. He gives you a review sheet for each test, you answer the question and you make a great grade he claims. ive studied for so many hours from the review sheet he gives to study and its pointless. DO NOT TAKE THIS GUY,1.0,5.0
Had 2 of his classes and made a B each time. He is a no BS man, and a lot of students don't like him because they are useless and floppy. If you want to learn something and gather some wisdom this Prof is the man for the job. He has been there and done it all, but there are so many pansies that want everything given to them, he won't give anything!,3.5,3.0
I DO NOT reccomend him to anyone, he is very old and has old teaching style. He is not very good about getting his point across and just rambles on, which makes it hard to pay attention. dont take him!,1.5,4.0
Dr. Kirkland is awesome. He runs his class like USMC Boot Camp. I love it. He doesn't take any crap off the slackers. He takes names and kicks @ss. Very few professors are like this today. He is all about discipline. Good teacher. He knows his stuff. Don't get burned by teh hot stove!!!,4.0,4.0
I hate this dusty old fart. His teaching style hasnt changed since the great depression. He knows his stuff he just doesnt know how to teach it. Bull headed ex-Marine. SAGE, SAGE IT WITH FIRE!!!!!,1.0,5.0
Okay, so not the easiest class in the world, but you can definitely pass it. Show up to class, he likes to give random assignments. Tests are hard, but if you do your notebook and show up, you'll get a good grade.,1.5,4.0
Grouchy but really funny old guy! THe class is really easy if you show up and do the homework.,5.0,1.0
Mr. Kirkland is a very hard teacher but what i realized in the end he helps a lot. Do whatever you like but tell him first and neva neva neva miss his class. I found him very cooperative after a very tough session. He teaches all his concepts very well.,4.0,3.0
I am an average Joe student with average grades, Kirkland seems to only like the students who are well above average in their grades and doesn't care too help out any other student who is normal. He doesn't shut up during his tests and they are over 150 plus questions, if you don't finish u can't get more time. I did NOT like this professor.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
easy class but he is a grouchy old man set in his ways,3.0,3.0
Dr. Kirkland is an excellent professor. He is all business, though. Don't mess around, skip class, or wear your ball cap. If you want to LEARN about management, take his class! Be prepared to study. I highly recommend this professor!!!,5.0,3.0
He is an awesome teacher! If you don't care about school and passing, don't take him. But if you are in his class you will learn a lot. He's straight forward, and he doesn't take crap from anyone. If you care about your grade, go to him for help, and go to class, you will do fine in there. He's a great guy if you get to know him!,4.0,3.0
I LOVED kirkland. Whats wrong with referring to yourself in third person? Thats what was so hilarious about him. He also rips himself every day. Talks about what a dumbass he used to be. He gives out chapter reviews, and the tests are WORD FOR WORD. Memorize EVERYTHING he tells you to, and youre fine. And dont wear a hat.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
He sucks so bad,1.0,5.0
he needs to go back to the army,3.5,5.0
Kirkland is an ass..I wouldn't recommend taking his class unless you are a Marine. But if you do happen to get stuck in his class expect 150 question tests and alot of notes.,2.5,4.0
The guy talks about himself in the third person. He runs thru overheads really fast and won't wait for anyone. Don't wear your hat in class. He won't repeat himself or follow up or remind you about assinments so PAY ATTENTION.,2.0,4.0
Hey you want to learn something this is the professor to take. If you want to just stay in bed and show up for tests, DON'T even get out of bed to register for his class. He is a hard teacher but a good one. He doesn't pull any thing tricky on you. Oh and remember not to wear your hat in class!,4.0,4.0
If you go to class and dedicate yourself to studying, you will be okay, but attendance is a very big thing with him,2.0,3.0
I hate the 1000-point grading system and he can be a hard guy to deal with in and outside the classroom, so get on his good side with honest efforts on assignments and being in class on time, every time. Interesting material though! Semper Fi!,3.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
Personality wise she is usually OK, but she was very irritable at times. Course was super flaky. Lectures were very abstract and I felt I did not absorb anything particularly practical. There were a few interesting topics, but they were not covered in depth. Assignments were mostly writing reports. Overall, very birdy, but very unfulfilling course.,3.0,1.0
If you're looking to take AI and actually learn something, don't take it with this prof. Just... don't. She teaches an AWFUL curriculum, which is basically handwaving her way through some REALLY basic AI concepts (astar, decision trees, bayesian networks) and the rest is learning to press buttons on some random online workbenches she really likes.,1.0,2.0
Great professor!,4.5,2.0
Easy prof - I admit that it really feels like a highschool course but the material was very interesting. Gives a lot of bonus marks too,4.5,1.0
I went to class twice, but still did fine.,2.5,2.0
I think another offering of this course with a different professor would be much better. This course doesn't have the difficulty a 4th year computer science course should have.,1.0,1.0
My only problem is that she can make content that could have been interesting really boring. Also spend a bunch of the class fixing the mic and ends class early often. Imo not that great at teaching.,3.0,2.0
Great prof! Responds to questions quickly and is very willing to help if there's anything unclear.,4.5,2.0
DiMarco will treat you like a 6th grader. Group work, free time, and dumbed down material. The course lacks any formalism that would be expected of a 4th/6th year course. Not only that, but often her explanations are just downright incorrect. Due to all of the bonus marks, I received over 100% in the course, yet I learned next to nothing.,1.0,1.0
She is a really good prof who is very helpful to her undergrads.,5.0,3.0
SHE IS AWESOME!,5.0,2.0
excellent,5.0,1.0
soo awesome,5.0,1.0
Really easy but also a great prof. Tries hard in class and cares that her students do well.,4.5,1.0
Possibly the easiest CS class I've ever taken. Friendly, good lecture, good notes, easy assignments, easy exams.,5.0,1.0
Despite some microphone difficulties and quiet speaking (due to illness), she is very clear, the notes are very concise, and the class is not overly difficult.,5.0,1.0
I don't know why she has so many negative reviews. She made CS 245 very enjoyable and easy to understand.,4.5,2.0
useless,1.5,1.0
Despite what all the whiners (CS 134 kids who fail at basic CS concepts apparently) think, she really does know her stuff. CS 245 was well-organized, laid-back and enjoyable. It was a welcome break from the monotony of some of my other lectures, and I thoroughly enjoyed the class because of her!,5.0,1.0
I will never forget her,5.0,1.0
Wanna boost your average? Tired of tough CS courses? Then CS245 with her is an ideal choice for you,4.5,1.0
This professor is the epitome of awesomeness. Good useful examples for assignments, ultra-clear writing, and extremely approachable. Assignments are fairly simple. Would love to have her for all my CS courses. Perfect example of a 5 5 5 5 professor.,5.0,1.0
extremely helpful and understanding. takes real interest in students. allows you to ruminate in class.,5.0,1.0
Bad. She used stupid powerpoint annotated notes instead of teaching from your course notes.,2.0,3.0
What a horrible lecturer. You can't see what she's writing or hear what she's saying. Switch sections if you can. By far the worse prof I've had.,1.0,3.0
Her feedback on essays and course project wasvery detailed and really helped me in learning more about academic writing.,5.0,1.0
In fairness, the course itself is a waste of time. She might be better if she was dealing with something less stupid.,2.0,1.0
Constantly unprepared for class, complete lack of any clear explanations during the lecture, and mind-numbingly boring presentation quality. Not to mention her amazing ability to use the wrong words at the most important times.,1.0,4.0
I agree she does put alot into her work, but is highly unprepared to teach this course. Slides are great though ... don't even need to attend class after you get these!,4.0,2.0
Had 2 lectures of hers. Then switched to Judene Pretti. She's not too bad (if you had Lori Case for 130), but I didn't find her too helpful to me.,2.0,3.0
Her lectures aren't terribly exciting, but I've never had a prof who puts so much effort into teaching. She's always willing to help and treats students with a lot of respect.,3.5,3.0
One word: Brutal,1.0,3.0
HOW CAN SHE BE TEACHING 240 IN W03 WHEN SHE CAN'T EVEN TEACH CS134!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Unprepared, Not fit to be a CS Prof,1.0,3.0
I think she's better off staying in the AI lab. Not a very good communicator.,2.0,1.0
What the hell is she talking about?! Better switch prof as soon as possible!,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Stuttered too frequently, hard to understand, she barely knew the course,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
what can i say , she tried.... just couldn't teach and remained clueless,1.0,5.0
My worst prof ever.,1.0,3.0
awful!,1.0,5.0
Sat in on the lecture before ours to figure out what to teach.,1.0,3.0
Totally Unprepared at times, not clear at all,1.0,3.0
Boring, slow, clueless to course material, had to switch out!,1.0,2.0
She doesn't know what's going on either, how can she teach us?,1.0,3.0
Monotonous and boring with little understanding of CS.,1.0,3.0
Quizzes over every chapter. Midterm was proctored, but the non-comprehensive final wasn't. The questions for the midterm and final come directly from her quizzes, which she opens back up for you to review. When I was taking my final, the internet at my apartment went out, and after contacting her, she let me retake it and cleared my first grade.,4.0,2.0
Easy A, most of the material is online. She provides you the materials needed to do the assignments but will instruct you that 2 books are needed. We wasted money on cengage unlimited that we never used. Quizzes are online and the ELA is super easy but she won't provide instructions.,3.0,3.0
SO unorganized! Waits until the due date/day before to post updates & add things to assignments. She doesn't care at all about her students who actually put in effort. If you do assignments before the last day YOU WILL HAVE TO REDO THEM. You will only get grades back if they are automatic (which screws you for ELAs that build on eachother),1.0,3.0
I took her class at Austin Community College (interface here wouldn't let me add her at ACC). She's hilarious and charming, but not responsive with emails. This was an easy class for me, but others struggled, so make sure to read! It's a lot of information to get through; she had to cut out some assignments and one exam! I learned a lot.,3.0,3.0
I would not take her online class, you will get good feedback about how Robin wants her papers written. She requires everything to be written in 3rd person, and holds students to the same level as writing as she is not taking into account she does it as a living full-time. Don't take the online class.,1.0,5.0
I finished (Bus. Analysis/Spreadsheets) with a 97.5. Also may I add, I've never learned excel until this class. One assignment due a week & were all generic. Walk-though's of every assignment are on Youtube and easy to learn, understand, and regurgitate. Tests are exactly like assignments. R. Wells was so nice every time I reached out to her.,5.0,3.0
Took her online class using Excel. Very good professor, clear grading criteria and Easy A if you put in the work to become a better spreadsheet analyst. Resources were helpful,5.0,2.0
If you have a basic knowledge of Excel and can follow directions, then it's an easy A. The professor is terrible about responding. The entire class was frustrated by the lack of timely grading. You have 6 Assignments and 2 Exams (at least for the Summer Class). The 2nd Exam is mildly comprehensive. The key is practice.,2.0,2.0
The chapter quizzes and final exam are doable, provided that you read the textbook. She has a grader who reads and grades your essays so its not the professor reading them. Her grader is harsh expecting perfect grammatical structure of sentences and APA formatting. The extended learning assmts are worth 20% so do them if you really want the "A".,5.0,3.0
Mrs. Wells was a great teacher and I would definitely take her class again.,5.0,3.0
Took the course online and loved this class and would take Mrs. Wells again in a heart beat.. Assignments are time consuming but completely doable. Tests were decent, if you had/read the book you will pass easily. Stay on track and don't get behind and you will do fine.,4.0,2.0
Online class had minimal assignments but she is strict on grading them, but is helpful if you have problems, opens discussion boards so online students can work together through problems.,4.0,3.0
Online class had minimal assignments but she is strict on grading them, but is helpful if you have problems.,4.0,3.0
R. Wells has a rule of dropping the lowest assignment grade. Well, she added to that by allowing 1 do over of any assignment, in order to make a better grade. I was grateful for that. Her tests are simple but very tough. I was impressed with how she put up with the "cry-baby's" in the class. I would take a any class that she teaches.,4.5,4.0
Hard to reach but she does respond, can work ahead. The last week of the semester she allowed for one assignment to be resubmitted for a higher grade. Exams are tough but they are her exams they are Pearson Higher Learning exams.,4.0,3.0
If possible, I would find another instructor. Wells is VERY particular and expects a lot. There are many papers and "extended assignments" due throughout the semester plus quizzes every month. BE WEARY,3.0,4.0
Where do I start. She is the hardest grader Ive ever had. She would make us submit an editorial review to her and when you corrected everything she gave you in the feedback, you still wouldnt do any better grade wise on the final. She is very hard to reach and she is kind of rude when she does reply. DO NOT TAKE HER,1.0,5.0
She changed deadlines at the last minute a lot. VERY tough grader on papers. Very tough to get a hold of. Final consisted of two 75 minute parts. Assignments were hard to understand and were time consuming. Not very organized at all.,2.0,3.0
I took her online. She is very strict at her grading. I have always been known to be an excellent writer and its been difficult to get an A in her class. I would recommend not taking her online unless you happen to be a more than excellent writer!,3.0,5.0
Ms. Wells is a great instructor when it comes to helping you and explaining things. She is a little dis-organized as there could be weeks before she will provide you with an assignment to do, so remembering material from a previous exercise can be difficult if you're not constantly staying updated on the material.,4.0,1.0
She is a great teacher. She has a lot of real life experience so it tells you she knows what she's talking about. She also asks for a lot of feedback and will work with you. She was helping my other teacher with that class so she wasn't there all the time. When she was there, I feel like that's when I got the most learning done.,5.0,2.0
Online Class - Ms. Wells gave you plenty of time to complete assignments and would help you if you asked. She was late on getting grades back to you, but she would let you redo them for a better grade if you didn't like it. She is one of the better CIS instructors I have taken an online course from. Really enjoyed her class.,4.5,2.0
Mrs. Wells is super helpful. She knows her stuff because she has lived it. She is also an adviser and she cares about her students. She truly wants them to succeed. The class is a breeze but you do have to do the work. It's not terribly hard but its not a blow off either. I liked her and the class. I strongly recommend both.,5.0,4.0
Excellent teacher! She helps all she can, even gives you her number so you can text or call for help. I took her online class over the summer. One thing I didn't really like was having to go somewhere to take your proctored exam. Other then that it was not bad at all. Definitely recommend her!,4.5,2.0
She was amazing. GREAT TEACHER. I had her online, but she was still VERY helpful. Book is mandatory -- all the homework comes from it. She's Funny too! I would definitely recommend her!,5.0,1.0
Didn't learn much but as long as you go to class, easy A-B,3.0,1.0
Fair on grading when she gets the grades back to you. Slow response to emails or text messages. Writing intensive class for 3 assignments. Make sure you use correct format.,4.0,2.0
Professor Wells; Is interesting, fun, and helps you be sure you got "IT". can't wait for nest classes to take with her.,5.0,4.0
easy A just show up to class and pay some what attention and you will have no problem you do not need to read textbook she does a summary of all the chapters and puts them online. if you need any help at all just ask her she will do whatever she can to help you out even if she has to go out of her way to do it,4.5,1.0
Awesome professor. Very helpful and easy to get help from. Little bit of a procrastinator.,4.5,3.0
She is a hard instructor, so slow grading papers.Don't take her if you don't have to.,2.0,5.0
If you really want to learn the material, she is not the teacher to take. Made us a buy a $60 program we used once(it was more the departments fault). If you need random CIS credits, TAKE HER, will be really easy.,3.5,1.0
Nice person , horrible professor, seems many people have confused the two ... Many people in our online class felt she made a ton of work just to keep us busy, she was little to no help and couldn't even keep up with her own syllabus.,1.5,3.0
Overall I would say, she's got the wrong career choice. Whoops! Better luck next time.,1.5,2.0
Cool professor who is very approachable and understanding. You obviously have to read the book & attend class to pass. Her tests are not difficult. She cracks jokes & makes it enjoyable to attend lessons. Does not take attendance. Takes time in providing feedback,which can be a bummer. But take her, she is really cool and highly recommended.,4.0,3.0
Easy to get along with and very approachable. Read the material she provides. I struggled with this class over summer and it was online to make it worse but i somehow made an A. Gives many assignments and tests but is a lenient grader. Does not provide grades on time so you will never know how you doing in class which is a pain.,4.0,4.0
Amazing teacher!,5.0,2.0
Very exciting class to be in, she is extremely the coolest teacher I have had at TSU. I would recommend her to everyone!!!,5.0,3.0
Her reviews are spot on! She is super helpful with not only CIS issues but advising and school related questions. Don't take anyone else,5.0,1.0
She is a very fun teacher and very helpful. Take her if you get a chance. If you taker her for CCNA classes, make sure you do your labs when/if Amauri is there. Amauri tought me as much as she did in the practical part of networking.,5.0,1.0
VERY good teacher!!,5.0,1.0
great teacher!!,5.0,1.0
One of the best teachers I have had in college. She is very funny and very understanding. Highly recommend!!,4.5,1.0
Easy, Awesome Teacher i love her!,5.0,1.0
great teacher,5.0,4.0
She gives you several oppertunities to do good in the class. Unless you get very lazy, you will do fine.,5.0,1.0
Allowed chances for the class to be easy, i just got lazy in the end. She's a great teacher.,5.0,2.0
Took her in the summer. Great teacher and not a hard class if you just pay attention. Labs were done during regular class time so we didn't have to come back every day. Highly recomend this teacher.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
talks fast, but otherwise a very good teacher.,5.0,2.0
Great teacher show up for class and pay attention she will give you the tools to succeed just use them,5.0,4.0
cool and funny teacher but kind of hard,5.0,3.0
AWESOME LADY. NICE OUT GOING HIGHLY RECOMMEND,5.0,1.0
Great teacher! wants you to learn on your own but is always there to answer questions & help you. she can lecture to non-computer people and they will understand :) Just do your assignments and show up for class and don't give excuses and you will do great,5.0,3.0
she is so much fun and she makes everything make sense to the average person. she is the nicest lady and she is so sweet to anyone..even if she doesn't know you. i would definately take Robin Wells instead of Pat Cude. Pick Wells for everything you can,5.0,2.0
She is a very fun and intresting teacher,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Very nice lady, hot too. Very helpful and learned alot in her class.,5.0,2.0
great teacher, one of my favorites.,5.0,1.0
Robin is a great teacher as long as your not an idiot.,5.0,1.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. My roommate and I had him for Texas Government and it was the worst class we had ever taken. There is only 4 grades for the whole semester, and they're only exams. He does not give study material and he said "anything said in class or from the textbook is fair game." 100% do not recommend. SOS,1.0,5.0
Write down everything he says in his lectures because some of it will be on your exams. Bombing one exam can bring your grade down so much, thats what happened to me. For textbook chapters on the exam, I just studied the key terms and chapter summaries and I passed them all. Quizzes at the end of every class over what we talked about.,2.0,4.0
Difficult to reach outside of class. Consistently 5-15 minutes late to lecture. You need to know lecture and book topics for tests and these topics DO NOT show up in both. No phones allowed in class (will call you out even if its an emergency call/will drop your grade a full letter) Overall, not up to the current times in academia,1.0,5.0
DON'T TAKE HIM! Never shows up on time, gives quizzes after every lecture which are averaged together for 10% of final grade. 4 tests (studied so hard and read the book, showed up to all classes and still failed all tests). Not friendlv at all and does not help when you ask. Loves to give smart remarks and gets way off topic. Didn't learn much.,1.0,3.0
Be in class everyday because there are quizzes after the lecture. The test are very hard so make quiz lets and read the textbook. He is a difficult professor to listen to during a lecture,1.0,5.0
His classes are not hard at all. If you do the readings and show up for his class you will be fine. He does not use a lot of technology, and his lectures are straight to the point. Everything is fair game for the tests If you do not show up for class and miss the daily quizzes then your grade will suffer.,5.0,2.0
Absolute WORST teacher I've ever had as a student. Very rude, does not email back, and even if he does, he does not give an answer. Mr. Cross does not use any type of technology, he doesn't even give an outline as to what we are talking about. Attendance is mandatory because of daily quizzes. DO NOT take him unless it is absolutely necessary!!!!,1.0,5.0
He is never in his office hours if he is he wont let you in his office because he has mountains of stuff all over the place. He will barely talk to you and wont ever tell you what you are making in the class. You take 3 test and the last "test" is the average of all the quizzes you take in class. He does not email back.,1.0,3.0
This class was based off of 4 test grades and an average of the pop-quizzes as another test grade. He never gave reviews, lectures bounced around and tests would be based off of the book and lecture notes. Never had power points and rarely wrote on the board as a visual aid. Also class attendance was mandatory in order to take the pop-quizzes.,1.0,4.0
Horrible, first C ever gotten after failing every test throughout the semester. dreaded going to his class. Very rude when one would ask a question, I was terrified to ask or even talk to him.,1.0,5.0
Lots of trick questions in his tests. He makes sure you know the material really well by how he makes his tests.,1.0,5.0
His class is pretty hard to keep up with. You have to write really fast to keep up with his notes because his tests are book and lecture based. He is not too friendly when you have a question and he does not respond to email or show up to office hours if you need to meet outside of class.,1.0,5.0
Each class is just him talking. At the end of each class he will give a quiz over what was talked about. There are 4 exams, each counting for 20% of your grade. Each exam consists of anything spoken about or mentioned in class and in chapters (approx 120 textbook pages). He doesn't use blackboard or show your grades Upside: he can be really funny.,3.0,4.0
His lectures arent very long but theres a lot of information. Half the test is what the lectures are over and half is from the book. If you listen in class and read the chapters, youll pass.,5.0,3.0
Worst teacher of my college career. Very unresonable and mean. Doesnt use blackboard or any thing online. You have to pick up your tests from his office only during his 2 hour office hours. youll never know your grade if you dont have the time to go get them. Lectures are very monotone with no use of powerpoint. Its just him talking for an hour,1.0,4.0
He was very cut and dry in his lectures. He doesn't use blackboard and is not overly helpful if you have questions. He is very thorough in his lectures and if you take good notes and show up to class you can easily make it through that class. Definitely read the articles in the book and review to vocabulary. Overall, he was a good professor.,4.0,3.0
cross was a okay teacher, theres quizzes at the end of every lecture. he does provide your test scores though after every test but not your quiz average. he makes snarky remarks every so often but overall hes not that terrible as a lot of people say. just go to class, read the book and youll pass.,2.0,4.0
While Dr. Cross does lecture heavy and give lengthy tests, it is not a difficult class. He gives ample time for test review in class. He does not lecture from a powerpoint. However, he is very intelligent and knows what he is talking about. Dr. Cross is NOT a liberal person and will not try to force his views on you. Overall a good professor.,4.0,3.0
He lectures about irrelevant stuff that isnt even on the test and you have a quiz every class period.,2.0,4.0
Go to class and you'll pass. He gives a quiz at the end of every class (5 questions) only over things discussed in class that day. Plus that's what he uses to take attendance. Tests are pretty easy and straight forward. A lot of textbook reading but worth it. He's very liberal and makes funny comments during lectures.,4.0,2.0
If you skip class, you won't pass. He gives quizzes EVERY class and they are each 5 questions.... (on a good day) He won't help you out with your grade and doesn't teach. He lectures, but lectures over things that aren't even on the test. It's your responsibility to know EVERYTHING with no help.,1.0,5.0
Daily quizzes is how he takes attendance, so there. Lectures all class, you take notes, then quiz - easy bc you can use your notes. Often he goes on random rants you just have to sit there for. Tests are kind of hard. Only read the chapter summaries. Super rude human being. Doesn't give back any papers, so no clue what grade is until class ends.,2.0,3.0
He is terrible. DO NOT TAKE HIM. He lectures about absolutely nothing. His test are very difficult even if you study. I went to class, read to book, made notecards, and still got the worst grade of my college career. If you can avoid him, you should. If you do take him, show up every day. He gives a quiz after every dingle class.,1.0,5.0
Went to every class and read each chapter twice and made my own notes from the book, highest test grade I got was a 58. Takes quizzes at the end of each day and those saved my grade. He explains well but 50% of test is straight from book, not what he covers & you don't know what it'll be because tests are short.,2.0,5.0
SO HARD. He lectures, without a powerpoint, and talks very fast and not very clear. Lectures jump around and he often rambles, also he get irritated if you ask questions. Every class has open note quizzes, but he never gives the quizzes back so you don't know your grade. Test are very hard and cover the reading and class notes and uncovered info,1.0,5.0
Attend class, take notes and read the chapters. The test grading is very clear, all multi-choice except for makeup exams. His lectures are always shorter than the allotted time, so it's not even much of a time commitment. Quizzes at the end of each lecture.,4.0,2.0
He is not only an awful professor, but an awful man. I am telling you, do not take his class if you have an option. It is highly unlikely that you will enjoy your life and pass his class. Yes, he states his rules and what he expects on the first day of class, but he gives absolutely no room for second chances. He also does not email you back.,1.5,5.0
Simply put, I hate this man. I have considered going to administration to talk about him being able to teach. He is an extremely tough professor and his tests are NOT clearly put. The questions may or may not be something he even slightly mentioned in his long and boring lectures. Be prepared to take notes. Take an 8am before you take him, really.,1.0,5.0
Only gives tests and quizzes, but you may use notes on quizzes. Must be a good note taker yourself, for he just lectures from his head, and doesn't write anything on the board most of the time. His tests are multiple choice, but quite confusing at times and unclear. There is not a 'clear' wrong answer choice in any of his tests.,2.0,4.0
He is one of the worst teachers I have ever had. At the beginning of the semester he was talking about National Gov't and not Texas Gov't. His tests are really hard and not many people will pass them. I had to take him because he was the only one open to take because I had to re-register. I didn't know he sucked so bad at teaching. Don't take him,1.0,5.0
Let me make this perfectly clear. I am a junior now and Dr. Cross is BY FAR the WORST professor I have ever had. He makes you feel stupid when you ask a question. Nothing he lectures about is even on his tests. Very distracting with his tourettes. Just an awful human being in general.,1.0,5.0
I read the reviews before I had the class, and they freaked me out, but the first day the policies and consequences were made clear. There aren't any surprises about anything. NO phones, read the book (50% of the test), and take the in-class quizzes over the lecture we just had. No reason to not get an A if you listen and do what he says to do.,4.5,3.0
DO NOT TAKE HIM I REPEAT DO NOT TAKE HIM. WORST PROFESSOR EVER.,1.0,5.0
This class was very difficult. I read and prepared for each test but have yet to pass one. I have never made below a B in any class in my two years of college but I'm pretty sure I will in this class. I would not recommend this class.,1.0,5.0
DO NOT TAKE HIM! I am taking his online class, he schedules the test and you must take them in person, um excuse me I signed up for an online class not this crap. Absolutely horrible, never responds to emails and when he does he talks down to you. HORRIBLE, DON'T DO IT TO YOURSELF.,1.5,4.0
very boring teacher, not fun at all. If your not doing well, he is not going to help better yourself. Overall disgusted with him, and his class.,2.0,5.0
Dr Cross is the best professor I ever had. He is well organized, very knowledgeable, and very fair. He is also very tough. You have to resd, and come to class.,5.0,5.0
I would rather have all of my body parts removed and boiled separately while I could still feel them then take him again. This slovenly little man was the most arrogant teacher I have ever had. He graded hard, droned on and on and, when asked a question, he would pause, answer it, then smile at you in this oily condescending way. Don't ever take.,1.0,5.0
He is the worse teacher I have ever encountered. AVOID HAVING HIM BE YOUR TEACHER AT ALL COSTS.,1.0,5.0
Never shows up on time! Tets are a mixture of class notes and book reading, but the questions are not always relevant to anything. He is a devout Republican and speaks more about this than actual material. He doesn't answer your questions affectively or leave time for them at all in class. I do not think a single person in this semester got an,1.5,5.0
ABSOLUTELY the worst class i have ever taken... tests are impossible to make A on and i had copies of previous tests from over the years.. alot of test questions he pulls out of his ass.. absolutely hates people in general and if you ask him a question he first looks at you like your stupid and then doesn't manage to answer your question,1.0,5.0
Professor Cross is very tough, and very hard to "understand" test-wise. He seems to pull questions out of a hat. He's also very dry, though he does try to be funny sometimes. Personally, I wouldn't take him again, but some people did seem to like him.,2.0,5.0
Sit in the back- he spits lots; don't miss class; worst teacher I had at TSU; unclear lectures/direction; focus on syllabus and question if he does not stick to it; then question dean; boring lectures, likes to incldeunrelated stories about himself; I wouldnthave taken him twice but had no choice; try to not take him if at all possible,1.0,4.0
Cross is an all around good teacher. He tells you to buy the book but the only time you encounter book material is on the tests and you can easily pass his tests without reading the book. He gives an attendance test nearly every single day. This is an easy grade that is counted up as a test grade at the end of the semester. Very good class.,3.0,2.0
Easiest class of the semester. His lectures are well structured, very intelligent, and goes to great lengths when answering my questions. He reminds me of professors when I was living in Sweden. Not warm and fuzzy at all, do I care? Nope. Not going to Padre with him on Spring Break or anything. Take good notes and read your 2 chapters.. easy A,4.5,1.0
Do not take him. He was ok at first but I studyed like crazy for the tests and hardly passed any of them. He gets off topic way too much and wants you to know lots of stuff for the test that he does not even go over. Also, his test are hard..he words the questions in the oddest way ever. I just do not like him in any way, shape, or form.,1.0,5.0
DO NOT take him!! He was really hard, confusing, and over-strict. If you leave class for ANY reason he WILL drop your final grade a letter!!,1.5,5.0
Very hard grader. Hit conservative points on essay and will grade a little easier, also repeat what he says in class. Extremely boring lectures, do not take in the morning, it will only make it worse.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
he was quite possibly the WORST prof i've ever had. he was rediculously self-righteous and i'd rather poke my eye out before sitting tnrough another one of his rediculously pointless lectures. his tests are obsurd and when you do have a question he takes offense as if you don't think he's an effecient prof. (and obviously he's not!)go elsewhere!,1.0,4.0
One of Tarleton's most gifted faculty members--extraordinarily fair and knowledgable.,5.0,5.0
Extra Credit raises average a full letter grade,4.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
this wadling penguin of a man needs to go back to school and take a couple speach classes. he doesnt open his mouth when he speaks and he needs to just spit- this makes it very difficult to pay attention. be prepared to read. his in class quizes are easy but his tests are a ****. JUST DONT TAKE HIM!!!! ID RATHER TAKE ADVANCED CALCULUS--- and it took me 2 times to get a c in algebra.....Dont DO IT Im warning you,1.0,4.0
Zzzzzzzzzz!! Take Margolis instead,1.0,5.0
Do NOT- under penalty of death by firing squad- miss his class(es). All tests are essays, which affords him the ability to grade anyway he pleases. VERY bright and by far one of the real scholars at Tarleton. His office door is ALWAYS closed and he seems to not like to visit with students.,4.0,4.0
he's really easy if you just go to class everyday and take good notes!,3.5,1.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Oh my gosh!! One of the worst professors ever! Is he human? No curves, no moving grades to an 80 when you have a 79.9, no compassion. As an A student I was prepared to work, not to be belittled and unrespected as a student. Very impatient man.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,3.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Dr. McCrea is an excellent professor. She assigns projects and readings that are very beneficial for becoming a teacher. She is so outgoing and funny. She really wants students to do well and does an amazing job getting students eager. Recommend!,4.0,3.0
Dr. McCrea is an excellent teacher. She helped us understand how to apply what we learned in her classroom into our future classrooms. She uses powerpoints which aren't mandatory to copy down, but they help immensely when you pay attention in class. She is extremely helpful.,5.0,2.0
I found Dr. McCrea to be too old fashioned and a rote- learning type of instructor. Her tests would not pass most educational evaluations today because of the fill-in-the-blank questions and abbreaviations for terms. If you cannot think of the "exact word" that she wants on test question, good luck; she marks it wrong. Take Jacque Melin-briliant!,1.5,5.0
I actually was concerned with this course after reading the comments published at this website. What I found was completly opposite. My experience was awesome and thank god she was tough on us, it has only made me better. Those that didn't succeed and are jobless failed themselves. Awesome class.,5.0,5.0
Still resentful feelings after graduation. Would not recommend taking her classes if at all possible.,1.0,4.0
Arrogant and unhelpful. Although she made some effort at helping my situation, she would not listen in the end and was unwilling to be flexible. She came across as many of the worst ed administrators who are former k-12 teachers do - unable to successfully make the transition to working with adults.,2.0,4.0
Waah, you're all a bunch of friggin' cry babies. Maybe you finally encountered the first professor (Dr.) to challenge you. I learned an amazing amount from Dr. McCrea and am happy to say I have an awesome teaching job now.,5.0,5.0
i thought that most of the seminars were "Rincky Dink" and a complete waste of time. She wandered around acting as if she were a "talk show host" and could care less about her students. I think the program needs some "new blood"!,4.0,1.0
What a b****! She is horrible for students who are just beginning a program. She is not helpful and is more interested in herself and furthering her career than in preparing students for classroom challenges. She speaks to students and colleages in a very condescending way. I couldn't imagine having to deal with her for more than one semester!,1.0,5.0
She will NEVER back up a student over a coordinator, not even if the coordinator is blatantly in the wrong. She's egotistical and demands perfection when, in fact, she is not perfect herself (although she thinks she is). In spite of her ineptitude, I will finish at GVSU and say "adios" for GOOD.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
She demands perfection but she also holds herself to high standards.,4.0,3.0
Very irritating, egotistical, and horrible with computers! Will not take any blame on herself. She made the Education Program unbearable! All teachers are her ****. Thinks she's God. She reads this sight. Finds everyone is a coward-I have no problem telling her to her face. :),1.0,3.0
Boy does this woman have a lot of stories to share! I learned more about her than about education.,2.0,4.0
This woman is everywhere, so there really isn't anyway to avoid her. I personally have not had any positive experiences with her. The one appointment I had she spent most of the time talking about how busy she is. I will graduate from G.V.inspite of her,2.5,3.0
Appears nice and friendly at first, but uses her power/ position in a neg. way.,2.0,3.0
Very helpful. Went the extra mile for me. Kept it fun. Recommended!,4.5,2.0
I started out thinking the class was worthless; saw the need for it at the end.,4.5,1.0
Very nice lady. Easy hwk and tests.,5.0,1.0
nice, but sometimes a hypocrite,1.5,1.0
,1.0,5.0
I currently have only experienced his teaching through an online course CHEM 140. It is extremely brutal when it comes to grading, any mistake at all, no matter how minor, gets marks deducted. Making a single calculation error is genuinely the difference between an 100% and a 33%. Help is hard to get.,1.0,5.0
The professor repeats himself in course material, has poor d2l organization, and teaches students to use a tool that is not used consistently in a professional setting.,1.0,5.0
Honestly, this prof ruined my first semester of university. He seems to enjoy watching his students fail. He is not helpful nor supportive in the slightest.,1.0,4.0
Terribly huge amount of work load,1.0,5.0
Not accommodating to online,1.0,5.0
Very caring Instructor. He put great care into developing the CHEM 250L laboratory manual. It provides clear grading criteria. Make sure, you read the precise instructions for each experiment, before performing them. I am sad that I wont have him for any future courses.,5.0,2.0
great prof, super easy course and useful too,5.0,2.0
This course and Professor Fisher isn't as bad as everyone says. If you take this as a upper-year student it is easy. You can get perfect on all the assignments if you prepare ahead of time. His exams are only hard if you don't actually understand the content/can't do the work without help. Fisher is tough, but also helpful and knowledgeable.,3.0,4.0
This is a genuine review as I noticed some are filled with anger. At first the class was seemingly easy and manageable, I had no problems. But once the midterm hit us, I pretty much gave up, the average was well below 50. I hope to see a change or perhaps no exams in this course would be much better!,1.0,4.0
I wish I was making this up; you essentially can't study for the course. There are no take-home-practice problems, you can't redo the questions from class because the data provided becomes inaccessible after the class, and the course notes -- while somewhat useful -- can't save you, because the course is largely problem solving based. Hard marker.,1.0,5.0
Gives us a midterm that is essentially made for us to fail, got every question right and still got a 42% because my titles were too long, my excel spreadsheet wasn't what he wanted, ect. Genuinely a horrible prof that only cares about making you fail and gloats about it before the midterm.,1.0,4.0
Your mark in the course is entirely controlled by your TA, either by their subjectiveness, or by how many answers you can squeeze out of them during the class itself. What a joke on both accounts since you lose marks if your spreadsheet doesn't look exactly the same as their marking key even if the answers are correct. Loosen up and get real.,1.0,3.0
Takes a simple excel course and takes it way too seriously and gossips with the TAs during the lab. Subjective marking,1.0,4.0
The prelab quizzes are made to make your grade go down. Even if you understand the exercise and session completely, it's almost impossible to get them right, which forfeits a percentage of your grade every week. You will not do well in this class if you have no previous experience using Excel.,1.0,3.0
Dr. Fisher is an AMAZING professor. He made CHEM 140 a blast! He is a very fair marker and he will gladly help you when you do need help. His class was soooo much fun. I actually learned real life skills! Final is extremely easy given that the practice final is similar. Don't be the free rider, prepare for class, and you should be set!,5.0,1.0
He needs to pick better TAs - they are so condescending and some of them dont even know the functions in mathcad. They all sat at the front of the class and gossiped during the sessions , so unprofessional. Hes helpful so ask him for help during the sessions, NOT THE TAs!!,2.5,5.0
His "participation quizzes" are stupid! You need to get 100% on the participation quiz and enter the word of the day to get 1% per week. He sounds rude when answering questions. He'll asks if you have any questions and then if you do he gets all annoyed. The course itself isn't hard but he tries to drop everyone's grade with the final. Good luck,1.0,2.0
I appreciated that he went through the week's material before the assignments. Although the exam was a little tricky, it is not that hard.,2.5,3.0
Nice guy,5.0,1.0
not helpful, does not wear a mic during the lecture, reams everybody on the final even if you get the right answer. an all around terrible professor,1.0,5.0
This class seems easy at first but the lecture part goes by too fast, the examples go by at gis speed and it's very inconsiderate for the students. Also being in class and missing the word of the day loses you a whole participation mark.,1.5,4.0
TERRIBLE. Worst prof I've ever had. I've taken CHEM 140 as well and both classes were extremely boring and unbearable to endure. Half the class is failing and he seems to do nothing about it. Switching my major after this. Nuff said.,1.0,5.0
He made the lecture portion of this course hell. First 2 midterm avg was 51 and 54. His midterms are A LOT harder than examples he gives, and he only gives 7 example PER CHAPTER. Last time this course is being offered in Waterloo, I guess he just wants to make a label for himself of being a "tough prof",1.5,5.0
Great professor, prepare for sessions the night prior and you'll ace the course. As many others have said, do your assignments independently... a very good grade is achievable if put in a LITTLE bit of effort. Great guy, take the course - very practical.,5.0,2.0
Smart man and VERY useful course. I never had a problem with him. He aims to teach the students how to solve the problems in the assignments. Try to do the assignments independently and don't ask him stupid questions. Easy mark for me, best advice: DO YOUR WORK INDEPENDENTLY!,4.0,2.0
let's please be real people, jacob fisher is definitely the worst prof i have ever had. he was very rude toward his students and he made what is actually a very useful course rather unbearable. his bad attitude is shocking. but hey, take the course, it will benefit you in the future.,1.5,4.0
Very unfair professor. Does not give enough time to do assignments knowing that they couldn't be done within 3 hrs. He has major attitude issues. dislike!,3.0,3.0
He is a VERY unfair proff. Made the class harder this time because he read the comments on this website and found them to be too degrading for his image. He makes students do some assignments within 3hrs when he clearly knows that it can't be done within that time frame (he repeatedly tells us so). He has MAJOR attitude issues. DISLIKE!,3.0,3.0
Ineffective and impolite. It is unnecessary to laugh at your students when they are losing 20 marks for handing in reports late due to mass class printing.,1.0,5.0
Does not give enough time. His assignments are too hard. But boy is he hot :),1.0,5.0
I dropped the course nuff said,3.5,5.0
This class is super easy. The material can be useful if you do not have prior experience with Excel. He tries to help all of his students do well. The class average is usually between 85%-90%. I would definitely recommend if you need an easy class that doesn't require a lot of work.,5.0,1.0
This guy is amazing! I actually wanted to write my reports as soon as I finished his labs since everything is so clear and organized; he provides layouts for everything you hand in, marking schemes and ALL the info you need for the report in the pre lab! Makes labs painless and an ENJOYABLE LEARNING experience other profs should try to emulate.,5.0,3.0
Jake is fun and cool and enthusiastic. The class material was hard but his teaching was really good. He picks good TAs as well...they all spoke english.,1.5,4.0
Greatest man on campus. Always there to give a helping hand and he will go out of his way to make the information understood. You can visit him anytime of the day, and he even e-mails you back on weekends!! He definitely should be able to teach more classes!,5.0,2.0
I don't know what the rest of you are smoking, but i want some. I found Dr. Fisher to be rude and inpolite. With any mistake someone would make, he would harp on them, make fun of them and ridicule them. Total jerk, hope to never have a class with him again.,2.0,3.0
Great teacher. I took the course by distance ed, but even by email and phone he was very clear in explaining things and very helpful and enthusiastic. One time he even wrote down some helpful diagrams, scanned them and emailed to me! The exam and assignments were tough but they would have been much harder without his help. Great prof.,5.0,5.0
Jake is awesome!! He's a great guy, and very helpful. He'll make you work hard, but he's approachable and kind. I'm sure he has his hands full with labs, but it's too bad that he doesn't lecture. I would replace many previous profs with him.,5.0,3.0
Nicest guy in the department - willing to help wherever he can. This guy should be teaching lectures and replacing the @ssho*les that do all the other physchem material...,5.0,4.0
Expects alot, but if you work hard he will always help you...,5.0,5.0
not able to give accurate rating, but even for 2 weeks, better than leroy,3.0,3.0
Why is he not teaching??? He is way better than Leroy!,5.0,1.0
very helpful and you can actually understand him. should replace leroy as prof.,4.5,2.0
Made it possible for me to pass Chem 129. Please let him teach the lectures.,5.0,3.0
nice guy, he should be teaching instead of Le Roy,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
He's a clutz, if he can make it in Chemistry then I can,5.0,3.0
He is a great lab coord. He is happy to help and funny!,5.0,3.0
Nicest and most helpful man...he's like one of us, easy to approach!,5.0,2.0
funny and very helpful; made his TAs bearable,5.0,4.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
A great friend and a good brain.,5.0,2.0
Just do your assignments and your readings and his bark is far worse than his bite. Can bring in great opportunities in research and internships.,4.5,3.0
Charlie is one of the most kind hearted professors you will meet. If you show interest in his class you are presented with many opportunities to get involved with research. You will get the most out of his class and keep him happy if you do all your readings.,4.0,4.0
Dr. Hall is a really good teacher. He really made global environment fun besides the fact he put people in awkward situations when he choose students to answer questions in class. he knows his stuff and is very intellegent. recommend this class to all esf students. be prepared to study and read alot!!!,3.5,5.0
Dr. Hall is one of the craziest professors Ive ever had but is by far one of the best! His heart is so big and pure and he's so passionate about what he teaches. The class is hard hitting, eye opening and somewhat depressing but it is the best I've taken so far at ESF. You have to do some work but you gain so much that it's worth it.,4.5,4.0
He's a wonderful man.,4.5,4.0
I like the subject but this guy is just not my style. It takes so long for him to ask everyone little questions to see if they read the book that most of the class is wasted. I don't care what the stupid freshmen think, I'm paying to have this taught to me by an accredited professor. The worst class I've taken in 4 years. I enjoyed organic chem mor,3.0,2.0
Great professor...interesting class...loads of reading...keep up and you're set!,4.0,1.0
Class is great, BUT, Can be extremely condescending, but at least indiscriminately. You have to have nametags in every class, he calls on students for the first 20 minutes of class to try to "catch" who has not done the reading. If caught, students go on the "shit list." Almost never got through a planned lecture due to rambling/tangents.,2.5,4.0
My ratings aren't high but I do love Charlie Hall. He is also my advisor. He is someone you either love or hate, so don't get confused with other raters. Choose to take his class if you love to participate. If you are quiet and need organization instead of entertainment, choose Beal. Thats it. I'm looking forward to taking another class with Hall.,4.0,5.0
good man,4.5,2.0
The best course I have ever taken and still the best 3 years after I've taken it!!! This guy is amazing and yes he's opinionated like all of us. It's just he tell's it how it is and I appreciate him for his honesty.Course needs to be taught at every university and high school because it's that good of a course!Great person to know outside of class.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Hall is an excellent professor, and really knows how to make students listen and understand to the issues he presents in class. Very eye-opening course; I learned a lot of fundamental skills and a new way of looking at the world.,4.5,2.0
Of every class I have ever taken since preschool, this has by far been the most interesting and most eye-opening. Dr. Hall is an amazing professor and I wish more professors would teach with the same style that he does. Awesome class.,4.5,2.0
This is one of the most opinionated and big-headed profesor you can ever meet but i loved him for it! he's really personable out of class.,5.0,2.0
Degrading, has no social skills, worst professor I ever had,1.0,3.0
ARROGANT!!! Loud. Full of himself.,2.0,2.0
LOUD, but he was really nice and understanding when i had a problem. get to know him outside of class, hes brilliant,3.5,4.0
His perspective is more worldly than most would begin to think. One of ESF's finest profs. Very lucky to of been his student.,4.0,4.0
is a little overbearing...can be heard miles away,3.0,3.0
He's without a doubt very intelligent but he's arrogant and could honestly care less about what the students in his class have to say.,3.0,3.0
Very Opinionated, sometimes I feel brainwashed and like I'm the only person in the room with differing opinions but still a very emotional teacher who has his heart in his work.,5.0,3.0
may not be the best subject but he makes it interesting,3.0,3.0
He is anachronistic, unclear, arrogant, and doesn't do his own work!,1.5,3.0
strong but fact-based opinions. does great research,4.5,4.0
Well informed and insightful,5.0,3.0
strongly not reccomended for any reason other than required for major,1.0,5.0
excellent professor,5.0,5.0
Bob is by far the best professor I've ever had in my education. He is straightforward and tells you from day one what you need to do and what he expects. He makes every class very fun - even at 8 AM. I am taking a second class with him because he is so amazing. Highly recommend!!,5.0,3.0
Wants the best for his students and sets them up to succeed along with being well-spoken on class material and clear on what students need to accomplish. All his classes are well-structured and he makes it clear of what is accepted to get a good grade.,4.0,2.0
I took three classes with Bob: FOR 465 (Natural Resource Policy), FOR 487 (Environmental Law and Policy), and FOR 485 (Business and Managerial Law). He is incredibly passionate and genuinely cares about his students. I only wish I could take more classes with him. He's also one of the Pre-Law advisors for ESF.,5.0,3.0
You can tell he care about his students and wants them to succeed, attendance is mandatory (but you'll like the class so much you won't want to miss) take good notes to do well on exams. He lets you write on index cards to use during exams. I wish I had more time to take his other classes, he definitely is one of the best professors at ESF.,5.0,3.0
Bob is very knowledgable about the natural resources law. Definitely go to lecture every day as his slides are not online, although they are very thorough so copy them down word for word.,4.0,4.0
If you have the chance to take a class taught by Bob, take it. He is the best professor Ive ever had the joy of learning from.,5.0,3.0
One of ESF's finest. I had chronic health problems all semester, and he was caring of that when he could have been harsh instead. He can bring out the best in you if you allow him to. Inspiring human being.,5.0,4.0
Bob Malmsheimer is an excellent professor. I took two classes with him: Natural Resource Law and Environmental Law. Bob was extremely fair and did everything possible to increase his students' understanding. He has the unique ability to simplify complex issues without losing their meaning. Bob's classes were the highlight of my studies at ESF.,5.0,2.0
I am taking all of the classes that he teaches because they are interesting, practical, and he is a great professor. As others have said he is concise and fair.,5.0,2.0
You would be stupid to not take one of his courses before graduating. He lays everything out for you from day one, and sticks to it. The fairest professor I have ever met. His lectures are honest and interesting and he really cares about teaching and his students. The best course I took at this school and the one I learned the most from.,5.0,2.0
Bob is my favorite professor of all my 4 years (of undergrad). It is not only obvious that loves what he does and really cares about the students, but he presents things in a clear and concise manner. I thought this was going to be a boring class (it was a class I needed outside my major) but it was far from it. I recommend taking any of classes.,5.0,2.0
He's the best!,5.0,3.0
Took his class 3 years ago. He was the best professor I've ever had. He has a great teaching style- very engaging.,5.0,3.0
very amazingperson. helped me figure out my life.,5.0,5.0
Bob is the best professor at ESF - he loves what he does and it shows,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,1.0
Says on the first day of class Some professors will have you call them Dr. because they feel they have earned the respect. Please call me Bob, and I will earn your respect. 1) There is no busy work in this class,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
Yay for Bob!,5.0,3.0
Bob is a great advisor/teacher,5.0,2.0
Very easy course to pass but he tries to make you think on your own and actively participate, which not many seemed to be able to do. Didn't learn much on the topics covered in class but did learn lots of little life lessons. Definitely worth it.,5.0,1.0
One of the most amazing teachers I've ever met. His real-life experiences and applications can be worth-widely applied to everyday life. Great down to earth man, who cares about his students excelling!!!,5.0,3.0
You learn a lot, through osmosis mainly. Requires lots of reading. Notorious for awful tests. The only way to study is to completely know the material.,3.5,3.0
Extremely interesting professor willing to share all of his knowledge with you (life as well as class wise!) Went to a Wildlife Study Abroad trip with him to the Yucatan Peninsula- Despite the fact that I did not attend ESF where he teaches, we have become good friends. He is a great teacher, friend and mentor!,5.0,3.0
One of the most inspiring, funny, passionate and fully awesome professors I've ever had. He's got an interesting, casual style that really worked for me. He genuinely wants all his students to soar and change the world. He's really unforgettable.,4.5,2.0
Awesome teacher!,5.0,1.0
No Comments,3.0,1.0
Excellent teacher,5.0,1.0
He may be a republican conservationist but definately is NOT and Environmentalist. Looks like he fooled whoever decided he was an environmentalist.,5.0,5.0
Get the old exams. It's your only hope. Very ridgid about grading scheme. Class is basically a regurgitation of handouts. Otherwise smart guy with a lot of passion.,3.0,4.0
the class was awesome!,4.5,2.0
Guy doesn't mess around. If you put in the effort to think for yourself as your first priority, it may be the one class in your college career that you learn the most from!! Thanks for the great semester,4.5,3.0
He's a great teacher. He talks a little too fast, though. By the time he's done with his sentence I forgot what he was saying! I think encouraging students to read books is great!,4.0,2.0
Great course, good grading policy, and very interesting topics discussed. Perhaps more guest speakers and lecturers?,4.5,2.0
Helluva guy, ONE OF THE BEST AT ESF,5.0,3.0
This is a wildlife management class, but we only learn conservation. Not learning anything I don't already know (fragmentation = less diversity),3.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
I love his enthusiasm, sense of humor, and the way he picks out important messages and emphasizes them. I can't wait to get a hold of the books he recommended this summer. Everyone (regardless of major) should take his class.,5.0,2.0
Good teacher, but he is an environmentalist hiding behind the guise of a conservationist. DON'T LET HIM FOOL YOU!,3.5,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
great teacher, makes learning fun and interesting, even when no one speaks, sorry guy, we are gonna try.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
He makes the hardest concepts reachable and makes you feel like you can tackle any task. Great Teacher,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
very good in conveying information, in a clean-cut way,5.0,3.0
His 102 course is all over the place content wise and he doesnt tell you what will be on the test. He also uses a website that looks like its from the 90s instead of learn, so get excited for that i guess.,1.0,3.0
His notes for CHEM 254 were terrible. They were all hand-written with illegible handwriting, and sometimes difficult to follow. His tests are not difficult, as long as you understand how to use equations. Use the textbook, but make sure you study smart, not hard. His lectures are dry, boring, and with a lot of information we were not tested on.,1.0,2.0
he basically spends the entire lectures deriving equations. don't worry about this, his midterms are fairly straightforward you simply apply these equations. as long as you read through the textbook (which is very understandable) you should be fine. do practice problems too, answers are usually on the web since he doesn't post solutions,2.0,3.0
wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy to difficult.,1.5,5.0
Prof Leung was kind and helpful when I went to see him at his office hours. He is hard to understand and he reads off a power point. This is a memorization class, but his true and false midterms doable, but his exam is hard. . He will take attendance every once and a while and good attendence will help raise your mark.,2.5,4.0
Absolutely useless as a professor. His lectures consist of him reading the slides (seemingly for the first time) and are contradictory and filled with mistakes. True/false EXAMS designed to be as confusing as possible again, often full of mistakes. Unwilling to help students in any way. NEVER take one of this guy's courses.,1.0,4.0
Sadly, this is the worst prof of my first year. This course is new to UW so there is no guideline on what to learn. His lecture slides are messy and full of words and colours. His accent makes him incomprehensible. The material introduced are very hard and should be taught in upper years. Exams are hard such that we had to memorize all his slides.,1.0,5.0
by far the WORSE PROFF EVER!!!! he appears to be really friendly,but he is terrible at teaching. He does not do any examples in class, and does not post up solutions to assignments. I almost failed =( Do not take this course if you don't have to. If you do.....take it with someone else.,1.0,5.0
Just search for the full answer manual for the course online and use that to study. The lectures are used to derive the various equations you'll be using, but very few examples are done. The professor is helpful if you ask and his clarity is fine despite having an accent. Just do enough sample questions and you'll be okay.,2.5,3.0
He rushes through lectures, very hard to understand. I went to him for help a couple of times he still did not help. I learned everything from the textbook. Overall, bad prof,1.0,5.0
I am studying for the midterm tomorrow... I have never missed a class... I am looking back at what he taught and I am overcome with rage at the incoherent mess of lectures he has given us. If anyone does well or even passes it is without a doubt due to extensive amounts of reading and in no part due to his teaching. I hope he realizes that.,1.0,5.0
He only wants students who want to learn in his class. He has a low tolerance for people talking during class. He could relax a little. His notes are good, but its pretty tough trying to keep up with him. He rushes things sometimes. Overall he is a pretty good prof, there are worse chem profs and there are better ones and he's right in the middle.,3.0,3.0
Not as bad as you would think. Tends to go very fast when writing notes, I barely managed to write all the notes down in first year! Tests were fair and the final was fair as well. Mostly just studied from textbook, assignments, and practice midterms. Occasionally used his notes and still managed to get honours in first year, one of highest marks!,3.0,3.0
Got 90 in his course. You will do well if you are willing to practice assigned questions and UNDERSTAND THEM. For those Bio people out there, this chem course that requires you to learn and understand the content.This is not a MEMORIZATION course like most bio courses.,3.5,5.0
8:30 class is the worst! I found him very difficult to understand. However, the lecture notes were very clear...I only wish he would post them. The tests were hard. The final was similar to the textbook questions. This course is not just memorizing equations and it's very practical to science and technology.,3.0,5.0
Very smart man. There are much worse chemistry teachers in the world. He is very clear with his lessons and if you just take the notes down when he writes them on the overhead and review the notes before the test you shouldn't need to ever use the textbook. He does many good examples that show up on tests/finals. Occasionally goes a bit fast.,3.5,3.0
the best prof ever.... take his course because he really cares about his students... very comprehensive and willing to answer questions,1.0,5.0
do assignments, cause he gives no examples in class, just equations. Changed the marking scheme for apparent "cheating", which was the accessing of answers he posted on the internet along with the questions. Extremely lenient marking schemes, just get some equations down.,3.0,5.0
I learned absolutely nothing. waste of time.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
he's really boringgggggggggg....and doesn't help much!!i can hardly made myself to stay awake in his lecturess...sumtimes i just go home and read the txtbk!!,2.0,3.0
Not the easiest prof to understand; beware that you must spend a lot of outside time reading other textbooks and doing your own examples...numerical examples are NOT given in class.,2.0,4.0
the easy second course in chemistry. Notes are important, he is not a bad teacher!,3.5,2.0
Dr. Leung is a nice guy, but the course is so bad. His notes are unorganized, the textbook is completely useless and there are way too many assignments. Biochem students should not have to take this course!,1.0,4.0
boring and does not help biochem students,1.0,5.0
absolute weirdo.....,1.0,5.0
It's Tong!!!,3.0,3.0
I did not learn anything! However, the exam chould be much harder.,3.5,3.0
Seems like a nice guy, but the course is horrible! No one learns, and he makes up for it by marking super easy and giving "gift" marks. Despite getting decent marks, I haven't learned ANYTHING! This course should not be required for biochem.,2.5,4.0
Difficult to teach such a boring subject,2.0,4.0
Hard prof! A nice guy outside of class, but if you ask questions, make sure you have tried them! I would stay away from his classes if possible, or take them with Barra!,4.5,5.0
Such a cute prof, very enthusiastic about chemistry!!,4.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
very hard to understand,1.5,4.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
entertaining; didn't make much sense though,3.0,1.0
No Comments,3.0,2.0
A prof who puts the interests of the students first.,4.0,2.0
Don sucks, his lectures are just random tangents about dumb stuff followed by flashing a slide with about 10 facts that you need to memorize for an exam, which is just how many tree fun facts can you remember. Lab sucks, TAs grade you different than one another, no unified rules for what you can be quizzed on. Just stay clear of this class!,1.0,5.0
I dropped because his lectures were not helpful and his exams were totally random. I don't care which tree is the l'abre de la vie. I'm giving a 2.0 though because the lab section was very very helpful and I did learn a lot from that.,2.0,5.0
He only taught the gymnosperm section but he's a terrible teacher. I don't really understand why people like him as much in the other reviews so maybe he is better in his dendrology course, but for diversity his section is pointless. He goes on about trees but never gives us any info at the same time. Also he can't wear a mask right.,1.0,5.0
Worthless lecture that teaches you barely anything of use about trees. Dumb tests that is more of a fun fact guide. Dont take unless needed,1.0,5.0
Dr. Leopold teaches the section on conifers and woody angiosperms for diversity of life 1. All he did was throw out a bunch of tree species and random fun facts about them. He went way too fast and didn't give us any useful information about any of the trees except maybe 2. We are required to know every species mentioned in lecture for the final.,1.0,5.0
Leopold: The Man, The Myth, The Legend. Study from the workbook, textbook and donated exams in Test Files and you will pass exams. Emphasize studying on tolerance, longevity, growth rate. You will have to identify 70 trees and memorize their scientific names in lab. The hardest lab portions are the gigantic trees at Heath Park and the twig quiz.,4.0,3.0
Don is a cool dude. Fair grader, knows his stuff.,5.0,3.0
This class is super informative, and super easy. All you have to do is get the old tests, and memorize them. I guess for people with crappy memories, this class would be hard. Either way, go to lectures and prepare to learn a TON about trees. Amazing class.,4.0,1.0
He tells you exactly what will be on tests, but you do need to know it to do well. You'll get as much out of the class as you're willing to put in. If you do well, you'll end up identifying trees everywhere you go.,4.5,3.0
Such an awesome professor. I really got a lot out of it and he's a great guy to learn from,4.5,4.0
Amazing professor. A plant genius. He IS approachable if you actually try.,5.0,4.0
Classic arrogant professor; intelligent but hard to approach.,2.5,4.0
Awesome professor, a god in his field.,5.0,3.0
Study the old tests and you'll never have to go to lecture...except to take tests that is!,5.0,1.0
He knows what he is talking about. He is world reknown. He has amazing knowlege. I love his class,4.0,4.0
Leopold is a great teacher, but his class is very hard. He also has a great sense of humor. He expects a lot from his students but he also respects them.,4.5,4.0
very very interested in subject and very helpful! its a great class,4.5,4.0
I've had him for two classes now. He's a tough grader, with tough tests, but on the whole he's an excellent prof. Very approachable and answers any questions you have on the subject.,5.0,4.0
good guy, tough course with plethera is that how you spell it? of info. take it during an easy semester to devote more time to the book and lecture notes all though sometimes hard to follow while taking other wetland classess that are teaching differe,3.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Exam questions are tricky. Since he acts like a know-it-all, it's difficult to approach him and ask him questions. But overall he seems like a nice person.,2.5,4.0
if your not good at memorizing don't take his Dendro Course.,3.0,4.0
Arogant teacher, but excelent class to take.,4.0,1.0
intellegent instructor that knows how to communicate in clear ways so material covered is understandable.,4.0,4.0
No Comments,3.0,1.0
this man is self-cenetered and a know it all. just because he wrote the book he's always right. he has been proven wrong. good class, unapproachable teacher.,3.0,3.0
good use of media, accessible for questions,4.5,4.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
excellent,5.0,5.0
Prepare to learn absolutely nothing. Loren's exams are based off random videos or demonstrations we watched in lecture, not on actual content material.,1.0,1.0
Professor Loren is one of the most disorganized teachers I have met at UW Madison. On his exams there would be questions that were the same as the practice exams but they would be different answers. There would also be cases on exams where the case studies were taught in previous semesters but not in ours. Do not take his class if you dont have to.,1.0,3.0
Loren is an absolute beauty as the Canadians say. His lectures are pretty engaging considering HR isnt the most exciting subject there is. His exams had lots of recycled questions and he gives lots of extra credit. Generous curve on the class/exams. I would highly recommend taking this class MHR major or notyou wont regret it!,5.0,2.0
One of my favorite professors. Keeps class engaging, even when it was virtual. The content is super common sense, and he is always open for questions. It's mostly about how to avoid getting your company sued and how to protect yourself when it happens. Overall great class for MHR students or that "outside your major" credit!,5.0,3.0
Loren is AWESOME. He gives lots of opportunities to do well in this class, makes the exams super easy by giving the old ones to study off of (lots of repeat questions), and offers extra credit. There's one big project in this class that shouldn't be slept on, work on it when you can so you don't have to cram it in at the end. Highly recommend.,5.0,2.0
Loren cares about his students and is accessible at all times. The class material itself is not hard, but he makes the exams more difficult because of that. The exams were often a bit disorganized, referencing case studies we were never given or full of typos. Loren is a favorable grader and wants you to succeed. One group project.,4.0,2.0
Loren is a great professor. He makes lecture interesting and fun to listen to. He has multiple opportunities for extra credit. He gives out prizes to students just because. If you watch his lecture webinars and go to discussion, the exam should be a piece of cake. There is a group project at the end of the semester but it isn't too bad.,5.0,2.0
He tried so hard to keep us engaged and was comitted to our knowledge and helping local businesses. Such a great person and offers lots of extra credit to make sure his students dont have to stress about their grades,5.0,2.0
Loren is a good guy. 705 is the graduate level HR class. Loren made the class enjoyable and fun with lots of videos. There were weekly case write ups that were not bad. Two take home exams that were a lot of time to do. Group consulting project was too much work. Despite this, Lorens class was worth the ride,4.0,2.0
If you are looking for an easy MHR class, look no further. I never even went to class or studied for the exams and did well on them each time. Discussion section attendance is mandatory, lecture is not. There is a group project and few assignments.,4.0,1.0
Prof. Kuzuhara is very enthusiastic about what he teaches! He clearly cares about his students and wants them to learn about human resources. The class consists of 3 exams, 1 group project, and several individual assignments for discussion. Overall, it is pretty straightforward if you put in a little effort!,4.0,2.0
Loren really cares about this class and his students very much which makes you want to go to class. Lecture content can be repetitive at time but he really wants you to do well and gives a lot of opportunities for extra credit to help you make up points taken off on exams - reuses a lot of old exam questions too which is very helpful.,5.0,2.0
Loren is the only reason I show up to class. He is the sweetest person ever and gives you so much extra credit. His tests are surprisingly a little hard but he gives you 4 old exams and a study guide to study off of. Loren is the best, I hope I have another class with him,5.0,3.0
Took this class with Loren after taking him for 305. The class was as expected, showing up to class is part of your grade, one large group project that he assigns towards the beginning of the semester, and many chances for extra credit. Lots of in class activities, only one midterm, and no final exam.,4.0,2.0
Loren makes class fun and always tries to make the content relatable, for example he literally gave out gift cards to encourage participation in class demonstrations. He wants everyone to learn and do well in the class, so if you put in the effort you will get an A. Work hard on the tests and group project and you won't be disappointed.,5.0,2.0
Loren is amazing. He is a goofy guy, tells a lot of jokes and gives out candy. Tests are exactly like practice/ lectures. Everyone gets an A on group project, he wants you to do well in the class! Easy A would take every class if I could.,5.0,2.0
Loren is the best profI've had at UW .Everyone should take this course. You learn a ton, it's based on a group project and three tests, and it's relatively easy if you just put in the work. Great class, great teacher.,5.0,3.0
This class is like communism: why try if everyone gets an A? Exam reviews are posted online, and all exams are direct copy and pastes from the reviews. Dr. Kuzuhara does not add anything meaningful to the slides, so lectures are not mandatory. He copy and pastes the same project feedback to all students, and posts grades very late.,2.0,1.0
Mr. Kuzuhara gives poornfeedback if any. Fails to grade assignments on time creating it difficult to know how you're excelling or failing in the course. Gives homework load that is infeasible for the working adult. Finally, the manner in which material is presented leaves one more confused than anything. In a positive note he is in class on time.,2.0,4.0
One of the nicest professors I've ever had. Sincerely wants everyone to succeed in class. Almost all exam questions are taken from reviews. One group project but graded very generously.,5.0,1.0
MHR 305 was a breeze but I also learned a lot from the course. Loren was enthusiastic about the material everyday and he brought a positive energy to the TAs as well. There was a lot of group work in discussions as well as project wise. If you give a good effort, there should be no reason not to do well. I never dreaded going to class with him.,5.0,1.0
Lecture slides are posted online, so there's really no incentive to go to lecture. Loren is very funny and gives out gift cards and prizes in lecture so it's nice to show up, but definitely not necessary. Posts previous exams and repeats the majority of questions word-for-word.,4.0,2.0
Loren is hilarious and he really wants you to succeed, almost to a fault! The class is probably one of the easiest classes I've taken in the business school! Easy A, and counts toward management track for MHR major.,4.0,1.0
Amazing teacher,5.0,3.0
One group project, so manage your time well. He doesn't give very clear expectations throughout the semester, but once it's time to present your project or final paper, it's clear. Don't buy required HBR, rather, count on classmates for in class activity or google it. Gave TONS of gift cards, had food in class, and mini field trip! Most get As,4.0,2.0
Loren was an excellent professor. He was funny and related the topics to the real world. He used many movie references and TV show clips (the office). He gave many opportunities for extra credit and internship opportunities. For each exam he provided exam practice questions which he used verbatim on the exams. Overall amazing class.,5.0,2.0
Amazing professor. He cares if you understand the material or no.,5.0,2.0
I took Loren's Leadership class and he was outstanding! The whole semester revolved around a group project where you could literally do any project you wanted to do. My group decided to do a fundraiser at a bar. He also has the best laugh in the business school. And there is very little homework at all! Cases aren't super necessary to read.,5.0,2.0
Kuzuhara is an amazing prof, don't listen to the others, if you work hard and show you are engaged he will reward that. He wants to coach his students and help them learn, not fail them. A great mentor an A in my book!,5.0,3.0
Loren is a good lecturer and overall funny guy. Keeps class interesting. The material isn't hard, do the practice exam questions and you'll be prepared for the actual exam. Strategic HR project is a lot of work but not hard to do well on. Attendance in section is mandatory, but you can get away with missing lectures,3.5,1.0
Loren is very laid back so if you are self driven it isn't hard to do well since he is there for you when you ask him to be. However, sometimes because he is so laid back you have to try to figure out why some material is relevant. But overall, the class is very easy and he puts out reviews for the test that if you look over you will do just fine!,3.5,1.0
Loren is a much better professor than what people will give him credit for. His only issue is that his exam questions seem subjective at times. If you attend lecture/discussion, spend serious time on the project, and take his practice exams, there is no way to receive less than an AB. He even holds online Q&A sessions before each exam.,3.0,2.0
The material was very self explanatory, yet I could never tell exactly what he was looking for on the final exam. The final was the only exam. Very unclear what was expected of students besides lecture participation. Wayyyyy too much outside work for a 3-credit class. The majority of the class is based around a group project :(((,1.5,4.0
Loren is not that helpful when it comes to his office hours. He dodges questions and makes things more confusing. He makes up his own models and states that every company uses them, when they don't. Exams are horrible. Be prepared to memorize 100 different things and get tested on 1 thing 100 times. This class blows.,1.0,5.0
Worst professor I've had at UW. He simply lectures lists upon lists of information and expects you to digest it all for the exam. Terrible teacher, absolutely terrible.,1.0,5.0
Loren Kuzuhara was the worst professor I had during my entire time at UW-Madison. He assigned so much extra busy work, made us watch boring online lectures in addition to class material, and he was very unhelpful when meeting in person. The only benefit to this class was the trips (corn maze, laser tag, etc).,1.0,4.0
I have never disliked a professor so much. Material should have been interesting-he ruined it. Required online webinars are often 1.5-2 hours long to teach something explainable in 25 minutes. Attending lecture was useless except for clicker points. Exams were impossible- paragraph questions full of grammatical errors. I will NEVER his class again.,1.0,4.0
Worst class I have taken at UW. The entire course was purely busywork. The material was pretty dry. Exams were ridiculous. Final was 84 questions long and the questions were so long that just 2 would take up a whole page. Not to mention they were incredibly confusing and hard to follow. Do not take if it is not required. If it is, take it online.,1.0,4.0
MHR300 (online) was the worst class I've taken. So much stupid busy work that didn't seem to help at all. The exams were the worst, though. 84 questions on the 2-hour final, with each question being a full paragraph long and extremely confusing. Also very unorganized.,1.0,5.0
Case study? Joke!,1.0,5.0
Not a fan, the project was way too much work for a 3 credit class. Professor was difficult to take seriously.,1.5,4.0
I took him for MHR 365- Leadership Development (3 cred) and have to say that I've never invested so much energy into a class like this. The work was simple easy- case studies, readings, diaries, group project- HOWEVER it was so overwhelming because the assignments were long (papers novels to write) and there was always hw for the class!,3.5,2.0
I studied my butt off and could tell you all the ins and outs of OB, but that wouldn't matter because it matters if you know the tricks of his tests. When the first lectures were all clicker questions I thought it was a joke. AVOID this class at all costs. Oh and the real kicker- your exam essays are graded by an undergrad- awesome.,1.0,4.0
Loren seems to genuinely want his students to do poorly. He does not care at all. The tests are impossible even though the material is actually fairly straightforward. The questions are paragraphs long and extremely unclear. The assignments are not too bad but the grading practices are very unclear. Seems impossible to well in this class.,1.0,4.0
He has illogical rules and regulations. The content should be easy to understand, but he overcomplicates pretty much everything. The TAs were responsive and friendly, but the grading practices were completely arbitrary and I would have no idea why I was getting points off.,2.0,4.0
Loren is a horrible human being and an even worse professor. It is deeply saddening that he is employed by a highly regarded academic institution like Madison. He is unhelpful, rude, disrespectful, and unorganized. His tests and grading is VERY subjective. His class material is filled with grammatical and spelling errors.,1.0,4.0
Most ridiculous class I have ever taken. Don't expect to learn about how to handle things in the real world workplace, instead expect to try and memories countless worthless theories and things made up by CEO's with nothing better to do. The class is over the top and the website has so many documents that it is impossible to navigate effectively.,1.0,5.0
Very poorly organized. Study all the time and try on the assignments. Even though the material seems easy, the tests are incredibly specific and every assignment gets curved. So difficult to get a good grade.,1.0,5.0
DO NOT take this class if you don't have to. Poorly organized and too much work for a 3 credit class.,1.0,5.0
For a 3 credit class there is waayyy too much work. Online webinars are 2hours each (mostly him reading slides) and worst of all a huge group project. *Course content seems easy and straightforward but the test ?s are very subjective and difficult* If possible do not take the class!!! With the amount of work required it should be atleast a 5 cr.,1.5,4.0
Genuinely a terrible experience. Expects you to put waaaaaay too much time into this class for a 3 credit, mandatory, entry level business course. There are talking textbook webinars (1 or 2 per week) that last around 2hrs that he expects you to watch that are mostly filler and that is addition to regular lecture and a horrible group project.,1.5,3.0
Loren is a disgrace for everything the Wisconsin School of Business stands for. Loren's webinars are ALWAYS longer than what he promises. Includes several YouTube links in each one in which he may ask 1 question on the exam about a stupid detail. He is condescending, arrogant, and rude. Look and count his "poor" reviews. Absolutely embarrassing.,1.0,5.0
I took the online class. Grade comprised of two easy 500-word writing assignments each week (changed since), two exams, and the simulations. The exams are 3000 word: go over and include everything hitting the word limit. Read the cases before exams - lots of specific Qs. Lectures online, long, and boring. Take notes during. 25pt ExCr bump helps!,2.5,1.0
Loren is a very smart guy. He knows management stuff very well but he is not very good at teaching. There is no textbook for the class, and you would think that it is good but IT IS NOT!!!! The textbook is substitute with VERY LONG videos of him talking. Don't take this class if you don't have to, take it online or somewhere else!!!!,1.5,5.0
Lectures are very vague. Exams do not encourage thinking, just memorization. Little guidance for group projects. Everything in this module is just bad.,1.0,3.0
MHR is terrible subject matter and Loren Kuzuhara is a terrible teacher. Memorize the text and regurgitate information to get good grades on his asinine exams.,1.0,5.0
Probably the worst professor at the Business School. Not only did I not learn a thing, his tests are the worst thing you could possibly suffer through. Almost every single question is subjective and unclear. Even if you know the material backwards, his test questions are still difficult because he is so ambiguous.,1.0,5.0
Horrible class, even worse teacher. Loren spends too much time going off on tangents and his tests questions are very abstract and subjective. The group project is horrible designed and he gives very little assistance.,1.0,3.0
His lessons are vague, and unstructured.,1.0,5.0
Loren is an excellent professor. He genuinely cares about his students & wants them succeed in the real world. He provides many tools & opportunities for students to succeed. Although his class is hard and may seem like a lot of work, it's challenging in a good way. Also, the consulting project we do in his course is very relevant and applicable.,4.5,4.0
Terrible professor.... The entire class is so vague. His teaching his vague. The assignments are vague. And there are LOTS of assignments. He expects students to do so much work, but doesn't give any direction or knowledge to do so. Bad, bad bad.,1.0,5.0
Absolutely horrible. Pointless assignments, that he doesn't even grade until the last few weeks of class. Feedback is basic and vague, just like him. Expects a lot with very little direction, rubrics are generic. Don't recommend taking this class with him.,1.5,4.0
The vast majority of assignments weren't even graded until after the final exam. Exam was needlessly tedious and grades were needlessly harsh. I don't recommend taking this class, at least not with Loren.,2.5,5.0
This class was one of the worst classes I've ever taken. The material was incredibly vague and the exams were on trivial specific material. I took this online and it is incredibly time consuming and is filled with busy work. Loren was unhelpful and did not grade most assignments until the last two weeks of class.,1.0,4.0
Two assignments per week, about 500 words each. The first assignment I guess is somewhat useful as you answer a question on course material but the second is totally useless, you reply to a classmate. Midterm and simulation both time consuming. The simulation is a ton of work so start early. Final is extremely hard.,1.5,4.0
horrible class. final exam is impossible even with studying hard. take this class somewhere else if you can. there is no group project, just an online simulation and paper (be very specific and link to topics) don't watch the podcasts-read the transcripts instead and just seem like you care about the subject and you'll get 100% on the weekly papers,2.0,5.0
Loren is an absolute terrible professor. His exams cover way too much material, and the little details are overly important. The exam questions are completely subjective, half the time you don't know what he is asking. Do not take.,1.0,4.0
Useless class. 1000 words of writing per week. 3000 word midterm. Haven't done simulation yet, but, based off past experience, it will suck. If you put in time, you will do well. Podcasts are not necessary to watch, however. A lot of common sense. Take somewhere else online over the summer. UW-Whitewater, La Crosse and others offer it online.,1.5,4.0
I got an A, but the course load and materials are ridiculous. Study the practice exams and you will be golden, but don't expect much help from him. Lecture is mandatory through iClickers.,1.0,3.0
FILLED with busy work. Expect AT LEAST 7 hours per week listening to the online lectures and writing feedback assignments. Exams are a nightmare and recorded "how-to" podcasts consist of Loren reading the available "how-to" document word-for-word for over an hour. His podcasts seem very unprepared. Prof.Dunhams podcasts are better, but still long.,2.5,4.0
Literally the most useless class (and professor) I have ever encountered.,1.0,4.0
Lectures are so boring!,1.5,3.0
The good quality reviews on this professor must be a joke...Loren is by far the most arrogant, annoying, and disrespectful teacher I've ever taken a class with. This class is absolutely pointless and I am truly embarrassed to be a part of a business school that employs him.,1.0,5.0
This professor is terrible. The online course is terrible. You are forced to waste a bunch of money on these useless simulation things and the final exam is completely out of the blue. The grading on the final is ridiculous and Kuzuhara provides no organization for the course. I strongly recommend avoiding this course and professor if you can.,1.0,5.0
The workload for the class is ridiculous, but you do get to avoid the hectic class project. If you are willing to put the work in, you can do very well.,5.0,5.0
This was such an amazing class! Highly recommend it! This is a very intense workload for a 3 credit class, but it isn't that bad if you have a good group.,5.0,5.0
The business school should get a new MHR300 professor. Take it online through another school.,1.0,4.0
Omg, this class is the worst I have ever taken. I wish it was optional. As if the class wasn't terrible enough, the final exam was cumulative. It's a shame for the business school. Such a course ruins their reputation.,1.5,5.0
Avoid him (and this class) if you can. The online version of MHR300 is set up terribly. Almost felt like high school with the amount of pointless assignments, readings, and webinars required of us that were very time consuming. From what I've heard from an overwhelming number of people, the live version of the class isn't any better.,2.0,4.0
Loren is terrible. Take the class online or through another university. He rambles and when someone disputes anything in class he is very defensive and rude.,1.0,4.0
Worst class I have taken in my College Career. Try to take online somewhere besides UW-Madison!!,1.0,5.0
Pretty much read the other comments and follow their advice. terrible class, terrible professor, terrible tests and the list goes on and on.....,1.5,5.0
I can't explain enough how awful this class is. The class is tedious, stupid, boring, and way harder than it should be. Take it at another school and avoid Loren at all costs.,1.0,5.0
turrible. just turrible.,1.0,5.0
Worst professor/class I have ever taken. What I would like to know is after reading all of these comments, why the business school still employs him. Loren is very rude and the assignments are absolutely ridiculous. If there is any way you can, do NOT take this class.,1.0,5.0
What a joke. This class is beyond terrible. Not relevant, painstakingly boring, and ultimately useless. Kuzuhara should be fired. He adds nothing to this course besides making it more difficult. I wouldn't mind it if it was actually useful (hint: it's not). Take elsewhere, if possible.,1.0,5.0
Class is absolutely horrible. How someone can possibly believe that students can learn in this class is beyond me. He has 2.5 hour long webinars which he could do in about a half hour if he didn't mindlessly ramble. Take it somewhere else for your own good.,1.0,4.0
Loren makes lecture mandatory but also added webinars that were SUPPOSED to be 50 minutes max. I just finished one that was, including mandatory youtube links, a bunch of useless information that wasted 2.5 HOURS OF MY TIME. I'm sick of hearing comments about netflix/his dogs/irrelevant info when I could be doing other things. Also he is so rude.,1.5,2.0
The worst professor I have had at UW Madison. This class is so pointless and he never actually teaches anything. He makes you watch long webinars where he never hits a point. His exams are pointless and challenging. TAs were terrible as well. TAKE IT SOMEWHERE ELSE!,1.0,5.0
The worst professor I ever meet. UW Madison should fire him. I leaned nothing in this course. It wastes me lots of time. Suggestion: Take MHR In other school and transfer back to UW madison,1.0,5.0
Loren Kuzuhara is up there with the worst professors I've ever taken or even heard of. His lectures are rambling and honestly useless, but still makes them mandatory. The grading of assignments is completely arbitrary. He talks more about the internships he can connect you with than any course material.,1.5,4.0
Class is horrible. Don't take it if you can avoid it. Way too much work for 3 credits. On-line post every week, 1-2 hour webinar before class, 8 case studies to read, a gigantic group project, if you miss discussion a two page paper to make it up. Absolutely horrible and you learn nothingworthwile!,1.5,4.0
Very unsatisfied with the class even though I got away with an A. (That should speak to the fairness of this rating) The course was too much busy work and the curve reflected that. I have a friend who ended the course with 92% and got a C.Its unfortunate that a required business class is so poorly run.,2.0,3.0
Completely useless class, didn't learn a single useful thing all semester. It made me sad inside to watch his webinars or do anything related to the class. I had a 96% for the semester and somehow only got a B. My advice would be to put this class off for as long as possible and hope that he leaves sometime in the near future.,1.0,3.0
5 Years after graduation I still remember him as the single worst professor I had at UW. Awful teaching style, unfunny jokes, dreadful assignments, and nonsense info. The textbook is only used because he wrote it and gets royalties, it's not useful for the class or work after school.,1.0,2.0
Online is supposedly better. LOTS of writing, very time consuming, guidelines unclear. Take notes on the podcasts! CITE EVERYTHING in your essay exams & simulations and spend a lot of time on them. Online is doable if you pay attention and devote time to it.,3.0,4.0
Loren is terrible. Lectures are full of useless video clips and quirky demonstrations. MC exams are entirely subjective and require memorizing detailed arbitrary facts and phrases. Provides little direction on group project. TA was helpless. Bottom line: common sense will get you further than any of Loren's useless advice.,1.0,4.0
Loren is very passionate about the class. He teaches to A TON of kids, I found it remarkable he had time for all of us in Office hours. His lectures are for large audiences, PowerPoint and Notes. That's just the way it is. If you study and care a little bit you will pass. Pay attention, find myself using this classes info A TON in the real world.,4.0,3.0
Insufferable. Horrid teaching style, absurd tests with subjective questions, a semester-long project that teaches you nothing, and useless homework assignments to boot! You'll work your ass off and still fail to succeed. Don't take this class!!!,2.0,4.0
Although Loren is very passionate about the class and keeps lecture very interesting and entertaining, his tests cover very subjective material. Prepare to be extremely frustrated.,1.0,4.0
Loren is by far the worst professor i have ever had the displeasure to take a course with. the material should be easy and straightforward, but his test questions are completely subjective and often barely related to course material. don't take this class for your own sake,1.0,5.0
Online is a lot of busy work and writing. Weekly Tuesday and Friday posts that only take ten minutes a piece. Super long written midterm and final (3500 words each) and two obnoxious simulations that are super repetitive. No group project hence the simulations. So if you like answering unclear questions, take it online.,2.5,2.0
straight up dic...tator. nuff said. but seriously take this class online b/c you HAVE to take it for business school. its a lot of work but its easier to get a good grade. and if u have kooz there are still insights to be drawn from what he says and that can be properly applied in work settings,2.5,4.0
A professor with bad teaching style and jokes that are funny only to him. "In-Class Examples" make me cringe. Textbook is almost useless except for a few exam questions. Frustrating semester-long project. An unenjoyable experience; an entry-level course?! Not even close.,1.0,3.0
Currently taking this course online. It sucks. Midterm and final are essentially 2500 and 3500 word research essays. Two other projects add another 5500 words. Plus you have 500 additional words due for weekly homework. In total, around 19,000 words. For a business course. Way too much work for an intro level course. Avoid this class if you can.,1.5,5.0
This may have been the worst class I have taken in my academic career (BA & MBA). Loren is incompetent, long winded, and completely out of touch with Management Consulting. I did not find a single thing useful in the entire class. My advice if the topic is interesting to you? Read a book, pick up an academic journal. Just don't take this class!,1.0,2.0
Loren loves to laugh at himself, but isn't as funny as he thinks he is. Lectures are okay with interesting movie clips mixed in. Exams are exhausting, you will need every SECOND to finish, but they are not terribly surprising. The project is completely stupid and the groups are too big. The TAs had no idea what Loren's expectations ever were.,2.5,2.0
The ONLINE class is a ton of work. Two exams and two giant simulations that take a HUGE amount of time. You will not do well if you do not explicitly use the words "As the [insert name of lecture here] states..." at some point in every single question you answer for this course. Take this class elsewhere if you can.,2.0,4.0
He was one of my favorite professors I've ever had in terms of his teaching style. However, considering I took this class for a grade he was one of the most horrible professors I've ever had. Just like everyone else said, you have to read his mind for the exams which is ridiculous. PXA project is pointless. TA was helpless. Exams were ridiculous.,1.0,5.0
This was the worst professor I've had in the business schools. Tries to take a subjective topic and make it objective. Exams are horribly graded and even if he admits it won't change it. You will only do good if you think exactly like him. This class makes me be ashamed of the business school. Take this class over a break online at UW-Whitewater,1.5,4.0
hard to grade how easy it is. Amount of work is pretty low and easy BUT its the exams that suck. the questions are unclear and honestly opinion based, unless you think exactly like him you're screwed. You can know everything yet only get a low B on the exams because the questions are so poorly written.,2.0,4.0
DO NOT TAKE LOREN KUZUHARA's MHR300 ONLINE CLASS!!!!!.....This class has around 1 cited page a week due along with 4 papers all of which are 8-12 page cited works and hundreds of pages of reading material. Bottom Line this class will make your other classes suffer! It requires around 20 hours of work a week. This should be a 6 credit course.,1.5,5.0
MHR 300 pretty much sucks...regardless of what he says you do need to memorize a TON of lists and then know how to apply them in case situations. Questions are extremely subjective and can honestly have multiple answers, sometimes it's just a matter of guessing his opinion/answer. If you have the lists and do what he says for the project, it's ok,2.5,4.0
the number one thing to remember about OB is that it is common sense.,2.0,3.0
Tests on stupid details. Claims that the class is not about lists, but then a list of the lists you'll need to know for the final is a page and a half long. Doesn't come up with his own material, just uses useless models that others have come up with,1.5,3.0
He gives way too much material that is "fair game" for the exam and only tests on a couple stuff. He makes you read random WSJ articles and watch videos from CEOs lectures to friends. VERY poorly constructed class. MHR 300 is definitely a joke..,3.0,4.0
You will like him the first day and then hate him the rest of the semester and not because the class is hard.,1.5,3.0
Exams tested on random facts from lecture and assigned textbook readings. Textbook readings were about 10-15 pgs/ch. and only 2-3 questions on a 30 question exam. So if you don't do the reading you're punished enough to lower you a letter grade. I'm doing really well in this class, but I have never hated a class so much. Take online if you can.,1.5,3.0
Not a very good professor. He grades on trivial knowledge and a lot of the questions have more than one answer but he picks the one he thinks is the best so if you study very hard, you will end up being very confused on which answer to pick,2.0,5.0
Kuzahara likes to make MHR seem more important than it really is. He constantly defends it and says that it isn't common sense but the more you learn about the class the more you see that it really is. The only thing that makes this course challenging is that he expects you to know a ton of info for each exam and tests even the little things.,3.0,2.0
Loren is the man. He has over 400 students but gives unprecedented attention to each individual. Heed all of his advice (what to study, what to do for the team project, etc.) and you will do well. Be sure to do the online mastery questions when preparing for exams.,5.0,3.0
Online course is recomm. Two takehome essay q's exams and one final take home exam,+ Group Project. Weekly discussions short answers and respond short answers. Do them as quickly as you can once posted, they're easy but add up to lost pts if you miss too many. Stop by ofc of TA or Loren and utilize email as response can be quicker. Makes a differe,4.0,2.0
The class is not bad, however, the tests are really lame. He takes questions from lecture, specific readings in the textbook as well as weekly readings, and from a supplementary website. This makes it almost impossible to cover everything when studying. I am super excited to take the cumulative final...NOT..but at least its almost over,2.0,5.0
Kuzahara comes off as a simple easy going guy, but his exams are completely trivial. He gives you hundreds of pieces of information to memorize from list upon list. It comes down to guessing. It seems common sense, but he has way to many "e. none of the above" correct answers on exams,1.5,5.0
In lecture Loren seems pretty funny and likable, but outside of class he is no help at all. Every time I went to ask for help he was very rude and useless. Also, I realized we never learned anything beyond the first 3 weeks. It's one of those classes that you can do next to nothing and get a B/BC, but to get an A/AB is next to impossible,1.5,4.0
I don't feel like I've learned anything in this class... Tests are basically memorizing lists, and lots of lists, and the grading is totally subjective. Don't buy the online part, its a total waste of money. It's really a shame that the business school makes you take this class.,2.0,5.0
i do not know how you learn and how he teaches.but in my opinion, i think he is easy,funny and not as you said. i am Vietnam student so maybe the perceptions are quite different.,4.0,2.0
Loren is really nice and funny in lecture. Outside of class, don't expect him to give you the time of day or to help. The material seems easy and obvious, but his exams are absolutely impossible. The final project is so hard, he rips it apart.This was my first C in college and it made me rethink the business certificate,2.0,4.0
Kuzuhara is by far the worst UW professor I have met. He is rude and uninterested outside of the classroom. He even turned a fellow classmate and I away for showing up too early for a meeting. In addition, he is of absolutely no use to the class. Don't take him.,1.5,3.0
im pretty sure he wakes up in the morning and asks himself, "how can i make my students' lives worse today?" and he succeeds. STAY FAR AWAY,2.0,5.0
Absolutely the WORST teach at UW-Madison. He not only expects students to memorizing numerous models and pointless information, but he is extremely rude outside of class. Rather than teaching about emotional intelligence, he should be learning it himself. I have gone to his office hours several times only to be sent away. NEVER TAKE HIS CLASS!!,1.5,4.0
Took on the Online class. Lectures were completely worthless. Grading seems ambiguous, with one TA giving out significantly higher scores than the other. Honestly, this is one of the reasons why our school is crashing in the rankings. Just a pathetic class for a school of this caliber.,1.0,3.0
This the first time I've ever broken down in the middle of a test. It's not right how much u are required to remember. Loren doesnt care if u know it or not, becuase he "tells" class, he doesnt "teach". A record player would suffice him. This class needs reorganizazion, but the business school uses this class to flunk out potential applicants.,3.0,5.0
I was really looking forward to this class because I love the material being covered but honestly now that it is over I can't say that I will be able to use anything he presented. The exams are all based on memorizing models so if in real life you need to justify your actions based on someone else's theories, this is great. Otherwise useless.,1.5,4.0
He starts the semester off by saying that the class is not about memorizing lists, but rather the application of those lists. Unfortunately it's both. This class is absolutely horrendous, but if you are determined to get an A, it will not be difficult at all. Just be prepared to memorize lists until your head hurts.,3.0,2.0
Lohren goes incredibly slowly through lectures, you can literally review while he is talking. Yes, you have to read the book. Yes, there is a lot of memorization that can sometimes be a bit excessive. Not his fault if you are too lazy to read the book, though. HE EVEN TELLS YOU WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW FROM EACH CHAPTER. Overall, pretty useful class.,4.0,3.0
I agree with all the previous ratings. This is just a bad class. Loren was rude to me when I went to talk to him during office hours, like I was wasting his time. This class has the hardest tests I've had in my college career. So much random material needing memorization thats never mentioned in class. TA's are no help at all.,3.0,5.0
I have no idea why he gets such bad ratings. Kuzuhara isn't the problem, it's the course material that he's required to cover. He's the nicest professor I've ever had and will do absolutely anything for his students. I've had him in two other courses and he was awesome in both of those. By the way, the material isn't really that hard. I never studi,4.5,2.0
He's easy and pretyy hilarious because he laughs at everything...i mean everything. Gives a ton of extra credit just for signing up for a club and his practice exams are almost identical to the tests, and he tests on video clips, people need to realize this guys is so easy and the only way to screw up is to not do the practice tests or prepare wel,3.0,2.0
Loren can be entertaining in lectures, but I did not enjoy this class at all. As another comment said, he loves lists! The exams are terrible, multiple choice worth 4 pts each! Also lots of random Q's from the book that aren't covered in lecture, and movie clips from class. The project is a pain, but do well on it and you'll do well in the class.,2.0,4.0
I took the online class. Don't even bother listening to lectures. You can do just fine on discussion by listing key points mentioned at the end of transcripts. Exams are all about putting down random course material. The lack of time I put into the class is the same my TA put into grading the assignments. Still got a B.,3.0,3.0
Horrible on-line course. Grading is entirely subjective, despite what Loren may tell you. Loren and the TAs do not actually read the majority of what students write on their projects and exams. I've seen several examples of when the feedback given on work is an absolute contradiction to what the work actually states.,1.5,5.0
It is my first time hating a professor that much. enough said,1.5,5.0
Lists, lists, lists, lists.... Loren loves lists.... oh, and even though he requires going to lecture, about half of the multiple choice questions on the test come from the book, which is just memorizing... so, don't take this class unless you're really good at memorizing and spitting back information,1.0,5.0
Absolutely pitiful. This isn't people complaining because they got bad grades. This is accurate. He is the worst professor I've ever had, and I think that he's a black eye on a prestigious school. He's horrible, and his exams are unfair.,1.0,5.0
This class would be perfect for rainman. He was really good at memorizing lists. To prepare for this class, try to be like rainman. Actually, a good pre-req for this class would be to memorize at least the first 20 pages in a phone book.,1.0,5.0
Lectures aren't boring because he likes to show a lot of videos and make jokes, but if you go to speak with him he's not as chatty. Since he cowrote the book a lot of the test information comes from it. Basically a lot of memorization of terms but the general concepts are easy to understand.,3.5,2.0
Kuzahara is funny and I enjoyed going to lecture. This is a great class for those interested in memorizing lists.,1.0,5.0
his class is not the most boring because of video clips and such, but you need to read the book because the test isn't the easiest. the concepts are just common sense with a term to everything.,3.5,4.0
The final consulting project takes some work but the class is not bad overall. You can tell that Loren really enjoys his job and wants students to learn and do well in the class. He is a nice guy and reakky wants to help his students. The class is not an easy elective but I definitely learned a lot!,4.5,2.0
Worst Class I took at Wisconsin,1.0,5.0
He has a great sense of humor,4.5,4.0
Overall, a decent class. I took it online which I would highly recommend. Grade=2 take home tests, a final, group project, and little weekly discussion contributions. He will love you if you show an interest and go to his office hours. Do the readings after he posts the core reading list. A fairly competitive class because of the strict curve.,4.0,3.0
He tries hard to make the lectures not too boring. He uses a lot of video clips for examples which are really cool. The project is a lot of work but not too bad. You have to participate in discussions but luckily the readings are pretty interesting. It is kind of common sense but not as much as everyone else says. Memorize all of the lists and note,4.5,2.0
requires too much work for learning about common sense issues, which do have the potential to be interesting... until you have to memorize it.,1.0,5.0
I took MHR 300 online several years ago, when it was new. The work sucks, but until you get out and WORK for a few years, you won't appreciate the value of it. It's not Loren's fault. As for group projects, FOLLOW DIRECTIONS and DEMONSTRATE that you've done some research and that you've learned something - that's how you get a good score.,4.5,3.0
TAKE THE ONLINE CLASS. Everything you need is on the course website meaning you'll save money by not having to buy a textbook. The material is easy to learn but requires a lot of memorization. Group work sucked but if you do things on time and keep the communication flowing, you'll be fine.,2.0,2.0
He comes off nice and entertaining but this class sucks. Period. His tests are retarded but doable. The project is another story. You have no idea what grade you get until the semester is over. I had nearly 100% and extra credit at the end of the year and ended with a B because he decided to give us a D. **** this professor and **** this class.,1.5,1.0
LOL at all the complainers. This is a GREAT professor. His lectures are interesting, he's clear, he shows interesting and relevant video clips. The tests are EASY, I went to all but 4 or 5 lectures, never read, studied the night before the test, got the easiest A on campus.,5.0,1.0
This class has gotten better than it was in previous semesters because of all the bad reviews he received, but it still does require a decent amount of work. Get started on your project early, and be really good at memorizing things off lecture slides and the book. Lectures are worthless, but entertaining to say the least. Final is pretty tough.,2.5,3.0
Subject matter is common sense. Exams test far in depth, and ask for 7/9 in a list of issues. Group project is tedious and useless. Go to class, discussion, read book, and study IV's on his study guide,2.0,4.0
I KNOW that students give him poor evaluations year after year, but yet the School of Business continues to keep him employed. If the B School does not learn to replace professors, like Kuzuhara, its national rating will continue to fall, which has happened the past two consecutive years.,1.0,5.0
Fun lecturur,4.5,2.0
I would take this class as soon as you can to just get it over with. I did not learn a whole lot which is pretty disappointing seeing as I had lots of work outside of class mostly due to the group project. Also, Kuzahara has a bit of an attitude when you see him in office hours. I'm just glad I don't have to take another MHR class again.,3.0,5.0
Terrible teacher. Mentioning that he wrote the book isn't a compliment, the book is awful too. Outside of class, hes a complete prick who shouldn't be allowed in public. Overall: a jerk and a terrible teacher.,1.0,4.0
WORST PROF EVER. He makes this fairly interesting topic torture. Should not be allowed in a school, more or less in front of a class. Kuzuhara is one of the reasons UW Madison is loosing respect nationwide.,1.0,4.0
Horrible, just horrible. He says the class is not about memorization, but in fact that is what the entire class is. He is also very rude outside of class. This class should not be required.,1.0,5.0
TERRIBLE. Loren has 2 years of private experience in between undergrad and grad school, then has been teaching for 20 years. Movie clips of Friends, are you $@%& kidding me!? You can get an A, just memorize all of his lecture outlines and cross your fingers for a good group on the project. No idea why this is a required course.,1.0,5.0
Really stupid class. Project is a pain in the bum. Memorize inconsequential lists for the tests. final is tough.,2.0,5.0
worst teacher i ever had.if you see him outside of class he treats you like youre stupid and are wasting his time.The exams are RIDICULOUS-completely unrealistic!his"study guides" basically tell you to know everything that he ever mentioned.The topics may be important in the real world but the way he makes us memorize it couldnt be any less helpful,1.0,5.0
are you *ing kidding me? basically we were given a book that he wrote and told to memorize it. amount of pure MEMORIZATION required was ridiculous. this man should not be teaching, he does not understand what being reasonable means. much of the stuff "learned" is how to be a socially successful person? isn't that what going through life is for,1.0,5.0
I want to dispel rumors about this class. Lectures- interesting- likes watching friends and Seinfeld episodes that relate to the class, but you've got to take good notes. Grading-Curved to 3.0 ave. Workload- Large, but if you at all interested in the topic its ok. Exams- Exams arn't easy, but he gave us a study guide that outlined everything on it.,4.0,5.0
Info should be useful, but Loren messes that up. He does give some guidence on the tests, but it's all memorizing tons of lists, basically impossible. The book is useless. Hes the most arrogant person ever if you try to meet. The group project, he is so inconsistent, saying the opposite than whats stated in the assignment. Overall Terrible class,2.0,4.0
Worst class I've taken in my 3.5 years at UW. Class is complete memorization of lists and models. Tests are ridiculous, and even if you have everything memorized, you won't get everything right. This class is a complete was of time and money.,2.5,3.0
Horrible teacher,1.0,4.0
Class is very straightforward information that is actually quite useful. However, the way in which Loren tests on it is outrageous. Take this class online and beware of his methods. Also, I am quite certain that Loren himself posts on this site to make this class out to be much better than it is. Look at the past comments and this becomes clear,1.5,4.0
Yeah- the tests are tedious; they're not THAT hard though- just basically start studying a week ahead of time. He tells you exactly what types of questions he'll ask on what topics. Also, he DOES take student feedback pretty seriously and updates the class every semester accordingly. It's not my favorite, but anybody should be able to at least pass,4.0,3.0
again easy tests if you memorize the lists in the book and lecture outlines. completely common sense,3.0,4.0
I am surprised UW allows this to be a required course. Loren is a fool. The class is memorization of pointless facts. Def take the online version if you can. Textbook is useless. If you just memorize his outlines you can get an A or AB no problem. It's just really tedious,2.0,2.0
Nice guy in general but the exams are extremely painful to study for. Not that bad if you are the type of person who can make flashcards memorize them word for word for an entire day which I can do but it was an extremely unpleasant process. Kuzuhara is a nice guy but I would recommend taking this class abroad if that is at all possible.,3.0,4.0
Loren Kuzuhara is a terrible professor. The material is uninteresting, seemingly valueless, and most often common sense(he'll spend half the semester lecturing you that its not). He claims vast "Real World" knowledge but worked only a few years. His personality is an act in class, he is very condescending in person. Avoid him! Take this online!,1.0,5.0
Took the class online. Was an easy AB the whole way, but then comes the final. What in God's name is wrong with this guy? The core reading list is 70 articles from which he'll ask SPECIFIC questions about 1 specific article that you're supposed to remember just by being given the title. Everything is memorization. Worthless. Nice guy though.,3.0,4.0
All filler no killer...,3.0,3.0
Class is memorization of pointless facts and step-by-step procedures,2.0,4.0
Innocent appearence as a hilarious joker, but in reality he gives you a lot of useful information!,5.0,2.0
Took Loren for 3 classes: 300, 305, and 365. All A's. So easy, so clear. Very few, if any, curveballs. No tricks at all on the tests. Terribly nice and open. Wrote letters of recommendation.,4.5,1.0
Co-ordinated review classes very well. But his comments on submitted homework and exams were vague and uninformative.,3.0,4.0
Like everyone says, the class is pure memorization of endless lists and models. However, since you've been given a heads up, theres no reason to do poorly in this class....JUST MEMORIZE THE LISTS. Its as simple as that. You obviously know you need to do it now, so just do it. I gained no real world insight, and already forgot eveything.,3.0,2.0
tests are rediculous,3.0,3.0
First off, he wrote the book so he knows it down to the sentence, and on the tests he will ask you about any tiny thing that was in the book. Lecture is usually pretty interesting. Just study a lot!,3.5,5.0
He's really not that bad. The class is difficult, but not impossible. He spices up his VERY boring lectures with movie clips...which makes it a bit more bearable. I could have studied a LOT more for exams and still ended up with an AB. Just make sure you work hard on the semester-long project.,2.0,3.0
Took 300 (online) and 305. He seems like a fun and harmless idiot at first, but then you realize all his "questions" to the class are rhetorical, he ignores raised hands, and his tests are pure memorization of worthless theoretical models. Take 300 online if possible, but be prepared for a final with a 61% average. Avoid him entirely if you can.,2.0,5.0
This guy is hilarious and has probably the most interesting lectures of any class I have had at UW. His test are not easy and require a lot of work. Kuzahara is willing to go out of his way to help any student that needs it. Great class and professor so you should definitely take it.,5.0,4.0
WOW! I just got done taking the final and it makes me want to go and kill him. the final is impossible. i received no less than a B on either of his tests and to have gotten a B on the final you would need to study for 2 weeks. DONT take this class, the tests suck, project sucks, HE sucks. this man is just mad bc he didnt make it in the real world,2.5,5.0
Interesting discussions and lectures. Loren has no right to be teaching a college level course with the way the exams are designed. Most exam questions are created out of pure regurgitation of exact definitions. Difference between right and wrong is an easy mixup in definition wordings. Does not test for the general concepts that he teaches.,2.5,5.0
Overall, you can get a good grade in the class if you put in a little bit of effort. Lots of arguments about tests not being fair, but really its just questions from the book and lectures. Lecture is fun--lots of movie clips.,4.0,3.0
Great guy! Get to know him!!,5.0,3.0
Lectures are pretty interesting. Loren's a funny guy and is very dedicated to teaching the course, however, he is not very approachable after class--hope you get a good TA. Tests are hard and require a lot of studying and unfortunately memorization. Semester project isn't bad as long as you meet w/ your group about every week and stay on track. Ove,2.0,5.0
TAKE THE ONLINE CLASS - WAY EASIER! They're really picky on the take home exams, but just follow the grading point breakdown below the test. The final isn't as bad as some have said - you don't need to know everything but you do need be able to apply models and topics (Look at the practice final they give you). do the extra credit - so worth it,3.5,2.0
awesome course material and lectures but ridiculously time consuming,4.0,3.0
I took the class online, which in itself was pretty easy. The take-home tests required a lot of thinking and time, but overall easy. The final, on the other hand, was impossible to study for and brought my strong A to a B. I think the average was 60% on the final so beware.,3.0,4.0
he's a great guy, but his course (online and in the live classroom setting) are extremely difficult...good luck getting an A and be prepared to work hard,3.5,4.0
Worst class I have ever taken. Worst grade I have ever received in college. You think you will do alright, and the concept of the ideas is easy to get, but the EXAMS ARE RIDICULOUS. It is pretty much comment sense stuff and personal skills that you cannot be taught, but for some reason Kuzuhara finds the need to get the most specific details into an exam. and hes the only professor for the course... :( Would not recommend it unless its a requirement.,1.5,5.0
Kuzuhara is cool in lecture, but his tests are hard.,4.0,4.0
Lectures are very interesting, but test questions are very specific.,3.5,4.0
He definitely makes a boring/uninteresting class more fun than you'd think, but the exams are still tough and the curve wasn't very helpful. Hard to get above a B. The whole discussion case is pretty worthless as well.,3.0,4.0
This professor is realistic of what a manager in the real world will expect from you. Yes, there's a lot of memorizing and its not easy, BUT THERE IS A POINT TO IT. He will get you ready for the real world if you are ready to work hard. And on top of it, he's a great guy.,5.0,3.0
It's definitely better to take the online version of this course.,3.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
the class was memorization. to the previous posting, no, college isn't memorization. college is attaining the skills and knowledge neccessary to be successful in the real world. in almost no job will you be required to memorize almost one hundred lists. the material is useful not presented well.,1.0,5.0
Great professor. He is very entertaining and fun! He has an infectious laugh. Tests do consist of memorizing...but that is college!!! Get over it! The case study was an excellent group project that was very beneficial.,4.0,2.0
I would have to agree with most people's postings. Way too much emphasis on memorizing lists. Some useful info. is learned in the class, but strict memorization not that useful.,2.0,3.0
loren kuzuhara is the worst professor i have ever had at college. if you love memorizing lists and receiving low grades take mhr 300 with loren. the exams are almost as ridiculous as loren's eating habits.,1.0,5.0
I absolutely hated this class. Loren thinks making you memorize endless lists is a good way for you to retain real world knowledge about management. He is a everything that I hate about college.,1.0,5.0
Loren Kuzuhara is the worst professor I've ever had. He will make you memorize not only POINTLESS lists of topics that offer no real academic insights, but also the ORDER in which the items appear. The "knowledge" he emparts could be learned without the class; this man should not be teaching.,1.0,3.0
funny,4.0,5.0
Looks exactly like the Rich Dad dude.,3.0,3.0
For MHR300, his lectures are fun and he always likes to give real $$$ to students! In the beginning, he talked about Strategy by giving McDonald's Pancake and Burger to students. After the 2nd midterm, I forgot what the lecture was about, but he gave $25 and $10 to students to explain REWARD.,4.0,4.0
Take the online version, you get to do take home exams instead of timed mc, and you don't have to buy a book, much better.,3.0,1.0
Although comical during class, his exams really bring down effectiveness of the class. He tests materials of his own book, which wouldn't be so bad if it were applicable to the class. *Warning* Inane memorization required to get high grade in class.,3.0,5.0
Very willing to make sure you succeed, but typically pushes for alot of course work in his classes.,4.5,4.0
Exams are difficult. Class can be fairly interesting.,3.5,4.0
Exams horrible, did not match teaching,1.5,4.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
Great Teacher - majority of test questions based on book, which is very slow reading,4.0,2.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
Funny Guy,3.5,1.0
He's hilarious in class-Just don't go to office hours...not very approachable,4.0,4.0
HE is awesome I had him 2 classes this semester and it was great! if you don't plan to consistently show up to class DON'T sign up for this class (as someone who suffered the consequence of this choice). HE works hard on lectures and expects you to be there. He's nice fair and caring 10/10 reccommend.,5.0,4.0
One of my favorite professors I have ever had. Lectures were so enjoyable b/c of his enthusiasm. Very accommodating if I needed an extension on an assignment. The exams are entirely based on the fill in the blank lecture notes he provides and you will struggle on exams if you don't complete notes. He rocks!,5.0,3.0
Nothing else can really be said besides I really appreciate the course load he gave me. He was very charismatic and a pleasure to listen to.,5.0,3.0
I have had Evan Griffin for 3 semesters and quite frankly, I am disappointed I can't take another one with him. His lectures are like none other and he offers some great advice to his students about life. He knows how to keep you engaged and interested, and his course lecture packet makes everything so much easier to follow and understand. 11/10.,5.0,3.0
Griffin's lectures will surely brighten your day, as he is hilarious and cares about each of his students' well-being and academic success.,5.0,2.0
Need to watch all video lectures to do well on quizzes bc he oddly refers to himself as in the exams and directly uses things from lectures,4.0,4.0
This is the second class I have taken with Professor Griffin and I absolutely love him. You can tell he cares about all of his subject matter and his students and truly wants everyone to succeed!,5.0,3.0
Absolute best professor! The video lectures are very fun and he made them very easy to follow. If you watch them and fill out the notes that go along with them this class is an easy A. Would 100% recommend and will hopefully take in the future if offered!,5.0,1.0
Amazing professor. That's all I need to say lol!,5.0,2.0
I loved Evan Griffin. He inspires his students to want to do great things with the information he teaches them. One of the best professors I've ever had.,5.0,2.0
Great professor, super funny, always kind and smiling, respectful to everyone, amazing person.,5.0,1.0
Best professor I've had in the past 4 years at UC. Take him if you get the chance!!,5.0,3.0
Evan is an awesome professor!!! I recommend taking his classes!,5.0,2.0
Great stuff in the lectures. Class is definitely a load heavy class at sometimes but a fun experience if you don't get overloaded.,5.0,2.0
I could not speak more highly of a professor-Wants his students to succeed. His lectures are enjoyable,coming from someone who tends to ignore online lectures. I listened to each word in his lectures and was able to apply them to many aspects of my life outside of school. He has amazing words of wisdom, does not give busy work and grades fairly.,5.0,2.0
he is so sweet and very understanding. Would recommend 100%.,5.0,2.0
He genuinely cares about his students and their success, gives great lectures and is an overall great professor.,5.0,3.0
The best college professor I've had so far!,5.0,2.0
Extremely nice professor, gave awesome advise, and is one of the few professors that show they care even on recorded lectures,5.0,1.0
One of the most amazing professors I have met in my whole life.,5.0,2.0
Hands down the best professor I've ever had at UC. I looked forward to coming to his class every single time. He is very personable and inspirational. I tell every person I meet to take a comm class with Evan Griffin before you graduate. He will change your life.,5.0,2.0
The best Professor in the world. Very inspiring and will never miss his class for anything. Amazing charisma and passion in his teaching. Also very caring and respectful.,5.0,3.0
Evan Griffin is one of the best professors at UC. He is an inspiration to me, very caring, and has a great sense of sarcasm and humor! Cannot wait to have him in the future.,5.0,3.0
Professor Griffin was a great professor to have, and I would definitely take his higher-level communication classes if able to!,5.0,2.0
Overall good professor,5.0,3.0
Prof. Evan is a dynamic, charismatic, and interactive professor. He maintains your attention, and makes the class go by in a flash. The content he teaches is applicable in real life situations, and truly is useful if you apply it. He is willing to offer support, and helps you navigate how to apply what you've learned to any situation. 10/10.,5.0,2.0
If you are interested in taking any COMM course PLEASE take Intro to Interpersonal Communications or Nonverbal Communications with this professor! His lectures are amazing & he is the sole reason I decided to major in Communications. Attendance is required, but it is 110% worth it. He uses course packets for notes & keeps his students laughing.,5.0,2.0
Professor Griffin was an amazing professor. We learned useful material, and he makes the material interesting and tells engaging stories. He seems like he also cares about all of his students. Mostly all classes are lectures and guided notes, but they aren't boring. The workload is fair and we have plenty of time to complete assignments.,5.0,3.0
The exams are hard but the material is extremely useful,3.0,5.0
Evan is my favorite professor. I had him for nonverbal communication. He genuinely cares about his students and wants them to succeed. Pretty easy grader, and the schedule is the same almost every week, so you know what to expect. He's super funny so his lectures are always engaging.,5.0,3.0
Evan is one of the best professors I have had in my 4 years at UC. He makes lectures really fun. You are allowed up to 3 absences in the semester before it starts affecting your grade. You definitely need the textbook because the quizzes are based off the textbook.,5.0,2.0
Very funny and made lecture videos less boring. work is easy too!,5.0,1.0
I really loved taking Evan's class. He is approachable and he really cares about the success of his students. His lessons were inspiring and can be applied to everyday life. If you can, I would definitely recommend taking one of Evan's classes.,5.0,2.0
Professor Griffin is probably one of the most influential people I've met. He cares about his students beyond just the grade they receive, he wants you to take what you learn from his class and apply it to the real world and better yourself. Every time I watched one of his lectures It was like a breath of fresh air from everything around me.,5.0,2.0
Amazing professor, he has inspired me by the methods of his teaching, I hope to have him again in my later communication courses. His lectures are really one of the best and I love attending his classes. I highly recommend taking his classes.,5.0,2.0
Professor Griffin is a highly intelligent, inspirational, and caring mentor. He truly knows how to teach skills that will not just help students in their college endeavors, but in life as well. His lectures are full of meaningful content, as well as his own experiences and teachings. I really hope to be able to have him as a teacher again.,5.0,2.0
I highly recommend Professor Griffin. He is passionate about what he does and it shows. His public speaking skills make class time entertaining and help to solidify the material. This is an amazing course and Mr. griffin gives you all of the tools you need to dive into the expansive and intricate world of Nonverbal communication.,5.0,2.0
Professor Griffin makes interpersonal communication actually interesting to a person that is not even majoring in communication. He tells stories that relate to the content and help to better understand what he is teaching. I highly recommend taking one of his classes.,5.0,2.0
TAKE EVAN ONCE! I suggest anyone during their time at UC to take at least once of Evan's courses. He is one of the most inspiring & caring professors on campus and generates an amazing class environment. He truly does care and almost all of the work is incredibly easy; it's more about learning and ensuring you can apply the material to your life.,5.0,2.0
Professor Griffin was easy to talk to and made it known that he cared about all of his students. The stories that he shared with us were engaging and memorable. Overall a great class and a great teacher.,5.0,2.0
he is a very good and kind prof,5.0,2.0
super nice, good teacher,5.0,1.0
One of my favorite professors he did a great job of teaching the material,5.0,3.0
Evan Griffin makes lecture exciting, informative, and simple. Time and time again he has proven that he cares for every single one of his students and makes class work as easy as possible to make everything clear and accessible for as many people as he can. Also shares hilarious and enticing stories.,5.0,1.0
Evan is a very great professor. His lectures aren't too mind-numbing and his personal stories can be amusing. There is a course packet that accompanies the lectures with fill-in-the-blanks. The packet is to be referenced on the open-note exams. The assignments throughout the course are frequent but easy to get good grades on.,5.0,1.0
Amazing professor!!! He is so kind and cares about every single one of his students. Just attend class and you will get an A if you pay attention and take all the notes!,5.0,1.0
AMAZING class and professor!!,5.0,2.0
A great guy teaching a widely applicable class. If you consider the content in the context of your personal life, then it can be very generally valuable!,5.0,2.0
An extremely knowledgeable and passionate professor. Full of memorable, impactful, and hilarious stories. The class was more than just a course, it taught me some critical interpersonal skills and concepts that have already improved my life more than rote memorization can. I plan on taking more courses with this professor.,5.0,2.0
Professor Griffin gives a lot of great life advice while also teaching course content in a very understandable way.,5.0,3.0
I wish he taught all of my classes. He makes people want to participate with the way he talks and the way he sets of his course. THANK YOU EVAN!,5.0,3.0
Very protective, professional and a gentleman.,5.0,5.0
12/10. Loved Prof Griffin. His lectures were a weekly source of serotonin, and I looked forward to his assignments every week. Will def be taking his other courses in the future.,5.0,1.0
Evan is seriously one of the best professors I have ever had. I went into this class taking it as a filler for credit hours and took away so much more than that. He loves to teach what he does and loves every student while doing it. The coursework itself is also very easy. If you choose him as a professor you will not regret it one bit!,5.0,1.0
Workload is a decent amount but not overwhelming. He is a great professor; he cares for his students and his lectures are amazing and funny.,5.0,3.0
I took this course as an online course and I loved it. If I wish I would've take it in person, he is an amazing professor. I was so engaged and excited for video lectures too (that should tell you how amazing his teaching is). He is amazing and teaches you so much valuable information that you can and WILL use in your life! Highly recommend!,5.0,3.0
BEST PROF EVER!!!! I had Evan for interpersonal and liked him so much that I took his intro to comm theory as well. He is so passionate and wants students to succeed. He makes lectures super interesting and exciting. There is always a story he tells that goes along with the course material. If you are interested in comm TAKE HIS CLASS!!!!,5.0,2.0
Great professor, communicates well with the class, funny and caring personality.,5.0,2.0
By far the best class I've ever taken. I didn't even take it for credit. I had heard so many good things from friends, and boy were they right! Evan Griffin is good at what he does, he cares a whole lot about his students and his lectures will certainly challenge you and the way you're living for the better. Take his class you won't regret it!,5.0,3.0
Evan is the greatest professor I've ever had. His lectures are interesting and often feel like a mini TED Talk. A lot of information is covered in class, but he is great at using analogies and acronyms to help with remembering all of that info. I have already recommended that my friends take his course rather than the same course taught by others.,5.0,2.0
A really wholesome man who loves the material he teaches, was an amazing class to take,5.0,3.0
The material was covered clearly and precisely. Being asynchronous, it was very easy to navigate & do the course work each week and work ahead of time. The professor discussed materials with lots of examples and in heavy details to allow students to have a clear understanding. The professor is encouraging and uplifting towards his students.,5.0,1.0
This class was an online course for me and was well organized. Each week you had lectures videos to watch with a course packet to fill out (lectures videos were not boring!). Would have discussion boards or journal entries for homework and they were not too difficult. You would also have a MindTap quiz each week, which was an easy 10 points!,5.0,2.0
Evan is such a great professor and friend. He genuinely cares about his students and loves people right where they are. I absolutely love this class! Highly recommend!,5.0,2.0
I enjoyed this class so much! I wish I had taken this class in my 20s so I could have had this information earlier! You can tell he is interested in teaching the material and making sure you know how important it will be to apply it in your life. He is funny and keeps the course fun just by being himself. I hope to have Evan for future classes.,5.0,2.0
If you need a teacher that is very encouraging and up beat, than this professor is for you. Every email I read it put a smile on my face, and he was very helpful if you needed help with an assignment. He is also very understand when it comes to having things outside of class.,5.0,4.0
By far my favorite professor and class I've had! Evan is an amazing professor and it is clearly evident that he cares about his students. The video lectures are fun to watch and I looked forward to them each week. If you see him available on catalyst, schedule his class immediately!,5.0,2.0
This was such an amazing class to take; every class, Evan shows he is passionate about the material he is teaching and wants us to know that he cares. The workload is manageable if you handle it accordingly. Every class was fun, which made up for mandatory attendance. 10/10 would recommend!,5.0,2.0
Cool dude. Hes got lots of good stuff to say.,5.0,3.0
Awesome professor! You can tell he really cares about what hes teaching. Great orator and easy to listen to/understand lectures. Questions on exams are clearly stated, no confusion or ability to interpret multiple ways. And attendance is taken for participation credit.,5.0,3.0
Best professor I've had so far. Great lectures. Sometimes they can be long but as long you watch them and take notes the class is incredibly easy. You can tell he really cares about the class and puts a lot of effort into his class. If you have the chance definitely take his class.,5.0,2.0
Are you a freshman or sophomore? Register for this class now, most important and perinate information in your life.,5.0,2.0
Evan genuinely cares about his students and want them to succeed in class and also in life. The lectures are fun and easy to understand. If you do the work, you will do well in this class. The journals are not difficult and a great way to apply materials learned from the lectures. Over all I really enjoyed this class a lot!,5.0,2.0
Professor Griffin is a caring and funny man who wants his students to grow and develop as individuals. The lectures were easy to follow, and always relevant to the course material. If I could rate Professor Griffin above a 5, I would. Pay attention and do your assignments, and this class can be life changing!,5.0,2.0
A great class, I highly recommend to anyone considering! The lectures are very engaging and fun. There is value & intention woven into everything in this class. I have no doubt that I will use a lot of the information shared in the lectures in my day-to-day life!,5.0,3.0
Fun class learned alot.,4.0,3.0
Yes.,5.0,2.0
Professor Griffin is amazing at what he does. He made the online lectures actually feel like they were in person and his lectures were always interesting. If you follow directions and submit your assignments on time, this class should be an easy A for you.,5.0,2.0
I love Evan! He was very understanding and responded very quickly to any question you might have. His instructions were very clear and his lectures were engaging and interesting. His guided notes helped so much!!,5.0,3.0
Evan is such an amazing human being and is so caring towards his students. He has a passion for his work that pours through into his teaching, and it is very hard to not be inspired while taking this class. Very glad I had him as a professor (:,5.0,3.0
Evan has been the best professor I have ever had by far. His lectures are very entertaining and he cares about his students a ton. The content of the class is life-changing. It is super interesting stuff. The course itself isn't too hard, you just have to do the work. But yeah Evan is a quality professor that a ton of students respect.,5.0,2.0
Okay. If you have the chance to take a class from Mr. Griffin, DO IT!!!! He is the literal best teacher on this campus. At first his lectures bored me, but as time went on, I began to realize how much this man cared about his students and how badly he wanted us to go into the world with a changed brain and heart. TAKE HIS CLASS PLEASE! Also easy!,5.0,2.0
Was always interesting to listen to and gave some very good life advice,5.0,1.0
Proffesor Griffin is one of the greatest and most dedicated teachers I have ever had the privledge of learning from. Having a teacher who is so dedicated and passionate about their work was very refreshing, and is just one of the many reasons this was my favorite class I had this semester.,5.0,2.0
Love him,4.0,3.0
Lectures are easy to follow along with in the course packet, all exams are done outside of class and open-note, really nice professor, learned a lot,5.0,3.0
At first, I didn't understand why everyone was recommending Prof Evan. G however, now I understand why. I am professional who's attending school and I thought my cup was full coming into this class, but I was wrong. Prof Evan is the most flexible, fun, knowledgeable and kind person I'eve had the pleasure to work with. I've learned so much from him!,5.0,3.0
Great professor with the best life advices,5.0,3.0
Easily the best online class I have taken. He gives you course packets that are super helpful & easy to follow along. All exams are open note & if you watch the lectures you pretty much have all the answers. Ive never met him in person but he seems so sweet, funny & caring. I loved this class, he gives great life advice. I actually enjoyed learning,5.0,3.0
Evan is a one-of-a-kind professor. You can tell how much he cares about the topic he lectures about and makes it engaging for the class. If you actually pay attention in class, the information shared is invaluable and will carry through your life. Don't skip his last lecture either.,5.0,1.0
Evan was one of the best professors I have ever had. His class is very interesting and you will not want to miss the lectures. He is hilarious and uses real world examples for every situation. I got a lot out of it and the class isn't too stressful. Definitely my favorite class so far.,5.0,3.0
I really wish I had this professor in person , I swear his lectures are the only lectures I actually get excited to attend. His sense of humor, amazing personality and his story's makes everything so much more fun.,5.0,2.0
Prof Griffin is by far the best professor at UC. As a pre-health student, this class was a great break from all the science courses and the material covered is so applicable to life. This course should be mandatory for all students! Easy A, Great Professor, and Useful Material!,5.0,1.0
Professor Evan Griffin was pretty chill and easy going. Attending class is necessary, and the lectures are great. He is a man who's a good mentor inside and outside of class. I wish I interacted more with him.,5.0,1.0
Evan was one of the best professors Ive had here at UC. Made learning about communication very fun and he was all around and outstanding teacher!,5.0,3.0
Class is basically only lectures but you have fill-in-the blank notes to follow along. Professor makes it fun and interesting while giving you actual, useful life advice. Not too heavy of a workload but you will need to make time for it, no late assignments are accepted. This course is pretty easy and enjoyable if you actually put the effort.,5.0,3.0
Professor Evan Griffin is hands down one of the best professors I have had this semester. I liked his teaching so much that I will be taking more of his classes. This class changed the way I communicate with people. I have never missed a day of his class because I didn't want to miss out on his lectures.,5.0,2.0
Evan is such a gem!! He makes the classes fun and he loves going off on little tangents that are entertaining! All of the exams are solely based off of lectures so as long as you get the notes youre good to go!,5.0,2.0
Im only a first year but Evan was by far my favorite professor this semester. He is so caring and understanding. You can tell he is passionate about what he does and what he teaches. Also the content of this course is genuinely helpful and interesting so even though I had a problem with skipping class, I never actually wanted to skip this class.,5.0,3.0
A great professor gave me a lot of extensions and is very understanding.,5.0,3.0
Literally the easiest class I have taken. All exams are open note and the assignments are not hard at all. The journal entries are super easy and pretty ask questions about you. Evan is the nicest and most caring professor. He wants everyone to pass and is super relaxed. I would take this class again if I could,5.0,1.0
Very fun professor. Lots and lots of long lectures though,5.0,2.0
One of the best!,5.0,3.0
I honestly dont think I have ever had such a good teacher. I am a freshman and all throughout high school I struggles to find teachers who kept me interested but professor griffins class is definitely a class that changed me for the better.,5.0,2.0
Glad I took this course.,5.0,3.0
One of, if not the best, professor on campus. Evan is extremely knowledge about what he teaches and loves it, and you can tell. He truly wants the best for all his students and wants his classes to change your life, which it did for me. Recommend this class to everyone. Journals & Quizzes due every week (easy), 3 exams that are all open note.,5.0,2.0
Evan is one of the coolest professors I've had so far. He is visibly very passionate about what he does and he genuinely loves his students. The material is very clear and the assignments are easy if you put in the effort to do the course packet notes. The only complaint I have is that he frequently rambles and class can sometimes feel very long.,5.0,3.0
Very in depth and engaging throughout all material. Loved taking a class with him and would definitely schedule one with him again. Exams were easy if you watched/showed up to lectures and all other assignments were mostly based around answering personal questions.,5.0,2.0
Very genuine and caring professor,5.0,3.0
Professor Griffin is hands down one of my favorite professors I have ever had. He's awesome and so personable! I wish I could have him for every class!,5.0,2.0
Uncle Evan was great. Even doing this virtually the class was engaging and you could tell he really cared about ensuring we walk away with information and not just a grade. The class is formatted to make sure you are focusing on learning and not just doing a whole bunch of assignments or trying to fail you tests.,5.0,3.0
Easily the best professor I've ever had during my time at UC. Evan is wonderful. Genuinely cares about the topics he covers and is endlessly entertaining in his lectures. Lectures in Interpersonal Communication feel less like a slog and more like a journey. Cannot recommend Evan enough. Wish I had him in person!,5.0,2.0
Gives comprehensive and interactive lectures, even online.,5.0,3.0
Prof. Evan Griffin knows his stuff. But more importantly, he has a way of sharing his knowledge in an easy to understand, very enjoyable online lecture style. The reading, homework and quizzes were fair and manageable. He is a inspiring professor. I wish more were like him! I really enjoyed taking his class.,5.0,3.0
Great guy, really cares about his students. Was always the highlight of my week.,5.0,2.0
Wonderful class. I always looked forward to his lectures. Everything was pretty straight-forward and I loved the stories he would tell during lecture. Definitely would recommend.,5.0,2.0
This class is like a semester of therapy in the best way. I feel like I learned a bunch about myself and how I communicate and have new tools in my toolbox to better myself! Definitely one of the most influential classes and professors I've had, my only regret is that I couldn't take it in person! I think that only would've made it better,5.0,4.0
Hes a great professor. His lectures are actual interesting,5.0,2.0
By far the best professor I have ever taken! He is the most caring professor and teaches this class in such an engaging format.,5.0,2.0
I loved this class! Evan tells you at the beginning of the course that this class will change your life- and it did mine. There were so many valuable lessons I learned. You can use notes on all of your exams. I am so glad I took Intro to Interpersonal Communication.,5.0,2.0
By far one of the best professors I've had the honor to meet, always very helpful and understanding. Nothing but good fortune to him for the future.,5.0,3.0
Had one of his classes in during the pandemic, still felt like I was in a room with another human being.,5.0,3.0
The lectures for this class were really great and enjoyable. Tells a lot of stories that relate to the topic being talking about. Overall a great professor. 10/10 would recommend!,5.0,3.0
Fantastic and entertaining class.,5.0,2.0
This was hands down my favorite class that I have taken in my 3 years at UC. Evan made the lectures so enjoyable and I found myself actively engaged even though it was online. He gives fill-in-the-blank notes so that you have all the materials that you need for the exams (they are open notes.) I can' wait to take another class with Evan.,5.0,2.0
Really enjoyable professor. He loves to relate real life situations to the material he teaches and does a great job at it.,5.0,2.0
Best professor ever! Watch lectures and take notes is all you need to do! Easy class but great information!,5.0,2.0
Despite this semester being fully online and the class being async Prof. Griffin was one of the best professors I've ever had. His lectures were amazing to listen and the content was interesting. The exams aren't difficult if you keep up with the lectures and notes and the journal entries really allow you to reflect and think about yourself. 10/10,5.0,3.0
Best professor I have ever had.,5.0,3.0
Great class!,5.0,2.0
This was an unusual semester as this class was online due to COVID, however, Evan's lectures were just as engaging. The information in the course is very interesting and valuable information to all people. His pre-recorded lectures were so enjoyable to watch and he's very personable. You knew exactly what to expect as far as work/class structure.,5.0,3.0
Professor Griffins class is a cant miss opportunity, you learn so much about yourself and about connecting/communicating with the people who are and will be in your life. He handles the online format really well, providing follow along notes and videos that were easy to digest and enjoyable to watch. All around great guy, wish I had him in person,5.0,2.0
He is amazing. Lectures are fun and informative! He really cares about his students!,5.0,2.0
He is such a great professor. He really cares about his students and does everything he can to better us as people. He gives useful information in the class that can be applied to our lives, but makes it easy to follow and understand. He is willing to talk to students and he did everything he could to help us succeed in his class through COVID.,5.0,1.0
Prof Evan was great. His assignments were clear and straight forward do the work and you'll pass. Definitely take his class,5.0,2.0
Was in his intro to interpersonal communication, such a great professor! Had him in an online asynchronous class but I wish I could have had him in person to build a real professor-student relationship with him! I'm sure he would be a great mentor for COMM students. The lectures have fill-in notes, and I learned a lot of cool stuff.,5.0,3.0
He's a cool professor to talk to, he made the lectures easy to enjoy and very helpful,5.0,3.0
Professor has done an outstanding job! Very kind and very funny. He knows very well what he is talking about. He provides great examples. I would listen to Uncle Evan for hours (You'll get to know this expression when you take the class, LOL)!!!!!! Great job and good luck out there.,5.0,3.0
Really cool guy, enjoyed his stories and what he had to say about life.,5.0,3.0
This was one of my favorite classes I have taken since attending UC. Evan is a great professor and just wants to see all his students succeed. I would love to take another class with Evan!,5.0,2.0
This class has been so insightful and I have learned so much about myself and interpersonal communication. Even in an online class he managed to make it engaging. He genuinely cares for his students, is nice and passionate about what his is teaching. Could not recommend this class enough because it taught me skills that I will remember forever.,5.0,3.0
Hands down the best class experience I've had at UC so far! Evan is the best!,5.0,3.0
Evan is a great professor! He knows what he's talking about and is very engaging. This class was completely asynchronous, so all lectures were pre recorded.,5.0,2.0
He really wants his students to not only learn the material but understand it and apply it to their own lives.,5.0,2.0
This was the best class I have ever taken. Even though I had to take this class online Professor Evan was still so funny, kind, and helpful. His lectures are so enjoyable and applicable. He is super organized and you always know what is expected of you. The exams are based only on specific fill-in-the-blank notes. PLEASE TAKE THIS CLASS!!,5.0,2.0
I loved having him as a teacher. He was so fun about the material but also was very good at teaching it.,5.0,3.0
Hilarious and amazing teacher . I wish i had him in person and not online,5.0,1.0
Evan is the best Professor there is! His Comm1001 is very fun and easy if you pay attention to his lectures! He gives out course packets sheets that have all the information for his exams! Highly Recommend!,5.0,3.0
Prof. Griffin's lectures were so interesting and interactive (even though they were online) that his class soon became my favorite. Professor Griffin truly cares about his students and if you do all the assignments you will do very well in the class. :) Journal entries make up most of your points and if you answer all the questions you will do well,5.0,2.0
At least an hour and a half of lecture videos each week for the online asynchronous class.,4.0,3.0
The professor is great. All the lectures were so entertaining and enjoyable. great conversations and so much to learn. I would take again 100 times if i could.,5.0,3.0
Professor Griffin is a great professor and really cares about the material and his students. He made lecture videos for us each week with a fill in the blank notes sheet to go along with each lecture and there was a quiz at the end of each week. I would definitely take a class with him again and recommend him to other students!,5.0,3.0
I learned many concepts that I can actually apply to my personal life and enjoyed it. Many interesting but not difficult journal entries, weekly quizzes on the online textbook. He's a very kind warm-hearted teacher and makes his lectures interesting and engaging. I really wish I had this class in person but COVID made it beyond everyone's control.,5.0,3.0
Lectures were really fun to watch. My girlfriend would sometimes be in the room and would also listen and laugh along with the jokes.,5.0,3.0
Prof. Griffin is so inspiring and the class was so amazing. I've learned so much. Work load is normal and the lectures are always entertaining. Truly one of the nicest person I've ever met. He really cares about his students and what he teaches about. I feel so lucky to have been able to take this course.,5.0,2.0
Great teacher, wish classes could've been in person (I think we would've had great discussions in class) Lots of video lectures to watch but they're interseting so it's worth it,5.0,3.0
Great Professor!,5.0,3.0
Honestly the best professor I have ever had.,5.0,2.0
Evan was a very chill, funny professor. Really enjoyed this class. Each lecture was accompanied by fill in the blank notes which made it super easy to follow along. We'd then use the notes and lectures to write journal entries every week. Some discussion boards, and online chapter quizzes for the textbook. Overall, the workload was very manageable.,5.0,3.0
great guy,5.0,2.0
Pretty wise guy. Class is pretty beneficial. Would recommend.,5.0,3.0
Professor Griffin is a genuinely excellent professor! This class was great and I really enjoyed my time in it. He is very caring and entertaining and was somehow able to heavily convey both through video lectures. The lectures flew by, and he had really creative assignments. never a dull moment! I recommend this class heavily!,5.0,2.0
Journal Entries and online quizzes are due every week, but if you can manage your time and remember due dates you'll be extremely successfull. Evan is extremely knowledgeable in what he talks about in class and it shows, not only that but you can tell her loves what he does. Which makes the class enjoyable to be in. Overall I have zero complaints.,5.0,2.0
Evan is seriously one of the nicest professors I've ever had. He genuinely cares about every one of his students and the material you learn in COMM1076 is super relevant and helpful. It's super easy, just take the notes as you go and the exams will be a breeze. 10/10 recommend. You will definitely get an A as long as you do the work.,5.0,2.0
Great instructor. There are a lot of lectures but he makes them funny and interesting. I definitely wish he were my instructor for other courses and he made my last semester of school enjoyable. Great way to end my college career.,5.0,2.0
A lot of journal entries, but they are beneficial not only to your grade but they make you look deeper into yourself and your relationships. very manageable workload,5.0,3.0
A real true gem of compassion, enthusiasm, and an educator that makes your want to know what's next in every lecture.,5.0,3.0
Great teacher. Very caring,5.0,3.0
Professor Griffin is amazing. The class was straightforward and not difficult. I learned so many useful things in this class and overall really enjoyed it. I would highly recommend.,5.0,3.0
Just a real caring guy!,5.0,3.0
pretty straight forward class just have to follow the lecture and take notes. Quiz is pretty easy each week just review the special reading areas of each part in the textbook for like 2 seconds.,5.0,1.0
Was a fun and entertaining course to be a part of.,5.0,3.0
there's a lot of lecture videos but he makes them pretty interesting and entertaining with his stories and how he ties in what we are learning with his past experiences . lots of journal entries but there not terrible.,5.0,3.0
Best teacher ever,5.0,3.0
Prof Griffin was a great teacher, I really enjoyed his class. I wish I had him in person but because of the pandemic I had him online and asynchronous which made it much more difficult, but despite that, Prof Griffin still managed to be a great teacher.,5.0,3.0
He was a great professor and I would take his class again!!,5.0,3.0
Every journal entry and discussion assigned worked off the material we learned extremely well. The lectures were very eye-opening and kept me engaged. I would definitely have him again.,5.0,3.0
Prof Griffin made his lectures enjoyable to watch, rather than a chore. I never had any questions because his syllabus/semester plan was very clear, but if I had, I feel certain he would have been very responsive to emails and questions. I enjoyed this class so much more than I thought I would! Workload is not bad at all either.,5.0,2.0
I took this class 1st semester of my freshman year and it ended up being one of my favorites! He is a great professor who cares about the content that he is teaching, and it ultimately comes across the screen that way even as an asynchronous class. You can tell he cares. Lectures were very interesting and fun to watch, and the reading wasnt bad.,5.0,3.0
Prof Griffin was always a very engaging teacher and made a class that I assumed would be boring quite fun. He was definitely the best professor I've had when it came to seamlessly adapting to a fully online, async class. There is a clear plan from the start for each week, and you should have no trouble passing as long as you keep up each week.,5.0,2.0
Professor Griffin was amazing this semester. I genuinely enjoyed his lectures and really learned a lot from him about myself, my peers, and my life. I definitely want to have him again in my time at college.,5.0,3.0
Lectures with guided notes was really nice. Not too much work,5.0,2.0
Evans a really awesome guy and I really enjoyed being in his class. Hes not super hard and I think he makes it pretty fun,5.0,1.0
Great professor,5.0,1.0
Professor Griffin was an amazing teacher. I loved his course and if I could I would take it again. Thanks for everything and also your humor is great.,5.0,3.0
He was a great teacher,5.0,3.0
Professor Griffin is a real gem, I promise. His class has granted me a completely different perspective on communication, and I find myself using the knowledge frequently. His stories and video lectures are hilarious. The class is characterized by lots of printable notes, which are pretty easy. The textbook was also a very interesting read.,5.0,3.0
Evan Griffin is one of the best professors I've had at UC. He's so smart and genuinely cares about his students and their education. He posts his lectures to youtube so you can watch them on your own time, but I would definitely make sure you watch them and do the guided notes he gives you because that's the entirety of the exams.,5.0,4.0
makes you to buy an online class using a 3rd party software specifically for quizzes which could have easily been free as a canvas quiz. The exam and multiple weekly writing assignments all are "based on my lecture" videos which are just him reading a pdf he already gave out word for word but filling in the blanks making watching it a necessity.,3.0,4.0
This class is pretty interesting. It was really easy to relate everything that was taught to my own life so it became easier to learn terms and topics. You fill in all your notes on a pre-made notes packet which makes it super easy to know what to study. I always forgot about the online quizzes that were due once a week. That will kill your grade!,5.0,3.0
Evan is an amazing professor. He makes lots of jokes during class and makes the material enjoyable. At first, the amount of notes and reading can seem overwhelming, but once you start studying, you will realize that most of the content is straightforward. Doing the map questions were the only thing that was time consuming in his class.,5.0,3.0
Although you have to constantly be present in this class and read a lot, it is definitely worth it. I'm a freshman and this is the best course that I've taken yet. Evan's lectures are amazing and I got to learn a lot from it. If you're up for the work, I definitely recommend taking his class!,5.0,4.0
Evan is one of a kind! It's clear from day 1 that he cares a ton. The best way to summarize his course is: fair. Very straight forward. No pop quizzes/surprises. Practical content. You're expected to know your stuff/pay attention, but *never* in an overwhelming way. Makes lots of jokes/tells funny stories in class. I've taken 4 courses with Evan!,5.0,3.0
I really enjoyed taking this class tbh. Prof. EVAN is a very humble guy and more than a professor. I wouldnt say this class is easy but it definitely gives you a life lesson that you can take it with you in the future.,5.0,4.0
I enjoyed Professor Griffin lectures, he epitomizes what I look for in a professor. He funny when he needs to, strict when it really matters, lends a listening ear to every student who needs assistance and he's a flexible individual.,4.0,3.0
Professor Evan, is really amazing professor he helps you open your eyes and see things in different ways. He is really motivated and entertaining. I enjoyed a lot of things friends I suggest you take Comm class with him because you all need that skills that you will use through out your life. There are 18 journals 3 exams and 12 quizzes.,5.0,3.0
Very well structured class. All lectures were incredibly in-depth, and all the material needed to study for exams was readily available at all times. Professor Griffin is an outstanding person both in his personality and his knowledge.,5.0,3.0
Best prof. Ive ever had. Great dude.,5.0,3.0
Great Professor overall , one improvement would be to move the course to canvas,4.0,3.0
Sweetest guy teacher I've ever had! Evan is so personable and his class is so intresting and the coursework is well organized.,5.0,2.0
Evan is one of the best professors Ive had in college though three years. He uses great examples and his course packet is specific and dives deep into what hes trying to teach. I would definitely take him again. An overall great human being as well.,5.0,3.0
By far my favorite professor Ive ever had. He makes class so fun and so worth going to, and hes all around a great teacher and person. If you can take any of his classes, Id recommend you do so,5.0,3.0
His classes are splendid if you pay attention and participate in the class activities that he organizes. He's got great knowledge in the field of study and is very patient to help us learn the require material thoroughly. Not only are his classes informational, they are fun and are unlike any typical classes that I have taken.,5.0,2.0
If you can take any of his classes I definitely would,5.0,3.0
Professor Griffin is a very understandable professor. He is very down to earth and overall a great guy!,5.0,4.0
I would recommend everyone take intro to comm (comm 1076) with Evan!! The content is really important and relevant to everyone no matter the major, and Evan is just a good dude. The classes are lectures but are *actually* interesting. Class isnt too hard, but you do need to study for the exams. Wish Id taken this class sooner!!,5.0,4.0
By far my favorite class as well as my favorite professor I've had. Evan truly cares about your success inside and outside of his classroom. Love his personality and the way he teaches using the course packet. Exams do require you to know everything in the course packet, but as long as you take the time to study the information, exams are easy.,5.0,4.0
Loved this class. He is very understanding if you reach out to him. There is weekly quizzes and exams are important. Journals are also a big part of your grade but all work is easy if you come to class and be attentive.,5.0,4.0
Evan is my favorite professor I've had at UC. I've taken 2 of his classes and both were challenging but definitely worth it. He lectures for most of his classes but he's very funny and cares a lot about knowing his students by name and seeing them succeed.,5.0,4.0
Evan is awesome and examples given throughout lectures are funny.,5.0,3.0
Professor Griffin is one of the funniest professors Ive had at UC and he really cares about his students succeeding. The course is lecture heavy so its important to go to class, but the lectures are always pretty entertaining.,5.0,4.0
Evan is phenomenal. Had him both semesters of my freshman year, really great classes. Fun to learn from and hes really passionate. Great guy too.,5.0,3.0
Evan is one of the best professors at UC. He really teaches the class for real world experiences. He wants to see you succeed in and outside of the classroom! Even if you're not a COMM major, I would recommend taking a class with Evan.,5.0,2.0
Evan is a professor that strives to make an impact on his students lives outside of the course curriculum. He truly cares for his students and wants them to succeed. You have online quizzes due every week from the textbook but they are easy points. 3 exams including the final. Study the course packet and you'll ace them. Take him if at all possible,5.0,2.0
I really liked taking prof. Griffin's class. I felt like I learned the basics of communications. He was thorough in his lectures, and I believe you can easily get an A+ in his class. The only reason I got a C+ was because I sometimes forgot to do the quizzes which you can do ahead of time. Just study the basics, pay attention, and do the quizzes!,5.0,2.0
He has an amazing sense of humor and has a great teaching style,5.0,2.0
Evan is the best professor ever. I genuinely looked forward to coming to class. Some of his lectures he taught will stick with me forever. He really cares about his students and is very funny and entertaining. The workload isn't too bad, just be sure to stay on top of your work and study for the tests. The material that is taught is very useful.,5.0,3.0
Evan Griffin is the best professor I've ever had. I was excited to go to class every day because his lectures were so good. He reminds you of due dates, and the material is easy if you put in the effort. The key to exams is to show up to class and review the notes he gives. Seriously, take his class.,5.0,3.0
He is not just a Professor, but a mentor if you let him. The workload is manageable enough, journal entries are easy if you pace them well and dont let them pile up. The exams will require EXTENSIVE review of the material. Do not expect an easy A if you dont spend at least a few hours studying the content. A rewarding experience all around.,5.0,3.0
This class was an amazing class, the journal entries can be a lot of work but they arent difficult and its more about managing your time. Evan is a wonderful Professor, full of inspiration and funny stories and I feel like a better person coming out of this class. Take it, you wont regret it!,5.0,3.0
Heavily based on lectures but Evan has follow along notes that give you the most important info from the book. The lecture content is what will be on your exams, its important to follow along! Go to class! Evan makes this easy though as he is a very eloquent speaker full of anecdotes and he gives you tricks to remember material. Amazing professor.,5.0,3.0
one of the best profs i have had. class is easy to follow, not too many assignments, and he does an excellent job of making sure the class knows when specific things are due and what he expects. all of the test material is covered in class in the course packet that you are required to buy, but it is cheap and is a must bring to every class.,5.0,2.0
Evan was a fantastic professor and made the class my favorite this year. I learned so much about life in this class through his captivating lectures and advice. He truly cares about all his students and wants you to succeed. I would recommend this course to everyone.,5.0,3.0
I got pneumonia and he was very understanding and this is an interesting class that actually helps you in life. Hes a cool guy and its a cool class, highly recommend taking him,5.0,3.0
Easily one of the best professors Ive ever had. His lectures were always very interesting and amusing. He has a great sense of humor and really cares about his students.,5.0,3.0
Evan is the best,5.0,3.0
Evan is so awesome and truly cares about each individual in the classroom. He adds humor into his lectures and tells stories so by the end of the semester you really feel connected and it helps better understand the material. 110% recommend him for any class because hes the teacher you can always learn something from.,5.0,2.0
Although this class had very difficult exams I couldn't have asked for a better professor. He is very helpful when you have questions and is very easy to get a hold of when you have a question. He may have hard finals but everything else about this class you can tell he cares about his students and wants everyone to do good. Just go to class.,5.0,3.0
Great guy & super wise. would easily take any of his classes if they fit my schedule,5.0,3.0
Evan is one of the nicest profs I've ever had, also he makes class as interesting as possible and relates everything to real life. I've gotten A's on all of his exams, you do need to study but not too excessively, and he's pretty lenient with a lot of things. So many options to get points in that class too.,5.0,2.0
I loved this class, and to this day he's still my favorite professor. Fun + engaging lectures that made showing up less of a chore, relevant, useful topics for every day life, and he was clear with his grading. He shows that he cares, and even more, it's infectious. I was really passionate about the things we studied by the end. Great guy!,5.0,4.0
Best professor Ive ever had.,5.0,1.0
Very outgoing and fun. Tells personal stories to relate to what is being taught. He generally cares about all of his students and even learns each and everyone of there names. Definitely one of my favorite professors I have ever had.,5.0,3.0
SO he like upfront tell you everything you have to do, and you have to do the readings because he gives you quizzes on them. He is a nice guy, but he is a heavy lecturer, and LOVES to name drop people he knows that are like kinda famous (cincinnati famous). But he is a funny guy, and sticks to patterns, which makes class easier.,5.0,3.0
Believe me, If you are looking for a good professor to be your teacher, then he is the one you are looking for. Evan has done all the things he can do to help me, such as giving me advice on learning, and being able to answer my questions when I have questions.,5.0,3.0
Almost every class you have a 5 question quiz over a chapter in the textbook. However, if you actually read, youll be perfectly fine. The material isnt normally super dense. There are only 3 exams including the final. The class consists of filling out skeleton notes. Evan often lets us out early. Great teacher, great guy.,4.0,3.0
Evan does everything possible to help his students be successful in his class! I have taken two of his classes and both of them have been awesome!,5.0,3.0
What a guy! I'm so happy that I went out on a limb and decided to take his section of Interpersonal Comm. I felt so excited and happy to go to every class and he was so truly engaging every single time he walked into the classroom! He gave extremely passionate and inspirational lectures and even learned all of our names. I love this man :),5.0,3.0
I have to say without a doubt that he was one of the best professors I ever had in my entire college career. He's the most sensitive and caring professor and he actually genuinely cares about all of his students regardless of whatever effort they might put in. He is the type of professor that I would strive to be if I could teach college students.,5.0,3.0
Evan was one of the best profs I've had at UC and I'm taking a class with him again in the Fall. He gives you a few free skips and makes class fun and really connects with his students. Reading quizzes everyday but as long as you skim the chapters before class you'll be fine. Tested over his lectures not the textbook.,5.0,3.0
Evan is by far my favorite professor at UC. He cares about every student and makes sure class is enjoyable and he is hilarious. The tests were hard, but if you attend class and put extra time to study, youll do fine. He makes learning boring material enjoyable. Its awesome having a professor that cares so much about every student.,5.0,4.0
One of the best professors I have ever learned from. You have to put in the work to succeed but Evan makes it fun and easy, I would 100% recommend this class and professor!,5.0,3.0
Evan is one of the nicest and funniest professors I've ever had. He's been teaching for years so he is super set in his teaching style and comfortable with the material. Lectures are not always the most exciting, but Evan is hilarious and really cares about his students.,5.0,4.0
Evan is awesome. Great guy who has a real gift to teach. He puts his heart and soul into this class. Reasonable grading and exams arent bad of you study and understand everything. I did the latter with examples. You will learn so much about life and it really helps no matter who you are and where you will go. That course packet is a life guidebook,5.0,4.0
Evan is a great professor and a great person in general. I feel that this class gave me a lot of useful life lessons. Take this class, you won't regret it!,5.0,2.0
Evan is an amazing professor. Attendance is mandatory, but his lectures are inspiring and he truly cares about his students which makes you want to come to his class. The exams can be challenging, but Evan prepares you well and wants you to understand the content. Evan is accessible outside of class and is a professor I respect. Take his class.,5.0,3.0
Evan is the most organized instructor I've ever had. I've never been in a college class where we use the entire book but in this class we used every single page he wrote himself. The work is clearly assigned in the syllabus and he's very good at reminding you when it's due. Advice on how to pass: sit in front, pay attention, and do mind tap quizes,5.0,3.0
Basically just do the journals which take very little time they are like 25% of your grade and just ace the tests they are pretty basic material just don't slack off on one of them and don't forget about online quizzes. Positive guy,5.0,2.0
Knowledgeable and extremely inspirational. Never was I bored listening to him talk about his experiences and passions. He cares very deeply for his subject and students.,4.0,3.0
Best teacher on campus,5.0,4.0
Good stuff,5.0,2.0
I absolutely loved Evan. He was hands down one of the best professors I had this past semester. He cares so much about his students and treats everyone like family. The life lessons he teaches throughout this course would be helpful to anyone. He does a great job using his own personal experiences to demonstrate useful principles of communication.,5.0,4.0
This dude. This dude!!! His class was the hardest out of my schedule due to just the sheer volume of info you have to learn (tips: make notecards and actually use them. whenever I hand wrote notecards my grade was fine), but it was also a super rewarding class. Youll never find a more honest and enthusiastic professor that cares about his job!!!,5.0,4.0
Great Prof, tough exams but overall pretty easy class,5.0,3.0
Evan has been the best professor Ive had while at UC. Although his class is so relaxed and enjoyable, you actually learn an abundance of information that can be applied in everyday life. The homework was always fun & you received credit as long as it was completed. Learn how to study early on because his exams are worded strangely.,5.0,1.0
Evan was a really great professor that cares a lot about his students. Was very helpful throughout the class and gives great and interesting lectures. Strongly would recommend.,5.0,3.0
Evan is one of the most caring professors Ive had at UC; he is extremely personable! His classes are lecture heavy guided notes, but he makes it enjoyable as you can clearly tell he is passionate about his subjects as well as his students. Tests are based on notes as well as a set of questions from the textbook. Very interesting class!,5.0,4.0
Engaging lectures, great feedback, hilarious, and is clearly passionate about the subject he teachers. All of which are marks of a great educator. Bravo!,5.0,3.0
This was my second time taking professor Griffin and I always enjoy his class. Hes a respected, caring, and amazing professor. Always makes class entertaining and fun. He genuinely cares about the subject matter and his students, and is always there to help. People complain that his tests can be hard, but if you study for them you will be fine !,5.0,2.0
Theres a lot of material to learn but Evan makes sure you have a good understanding of the subject and is always willing to help you better understand during office hours, after class or before class. Hes very open and honest, he understands us students. He always tell us he loves us and makes a point to remember everyones name.,5.0,4.0
Everybody seems to love "Uncle Evan". In my opinion, he wasn't the best. He is full of jokes and personal stories, but they tend to get overused and, at times, very annoying. His course packet is useful, but is fill-in-the-blank. I feel like a zombie filling it out, takes no effort. Acts like he is the wisest person to ever walk the earth.,2.0,3.0
Amazing professor, lectures are interesting, truly a great guy, available for anything and even though it's mandatory attendance, for my first semester it's the only class I truly enjoy going to.,5.0,3.0
Evan's a great prof and really cares about his students. Attendance is mandatory, but if you pay attention in class, it's easy to pass. He has 3 exams for Comm 1076, which are all out of the course packet he provides. In addition you have to buy the e-book and complete quizzes online. I'd 100% recommend him if you don't mind working hard for the A+,5.0,4.0
I have taken Evan's classes for four years in a row. He is the best professor I have ever encountered at UC. He makes learning interesting and pleasurable. 10/10,5.0,4.0
Great teacher,5.0,3.0
This was the best class I have taken at UC. Evan cares about the students and goes out of his way to make sure everyone understands the info and to help his students. Everyone should take this class,5.0,3.0
You can miss up to five of his classes, then he starts deducting points from your final grade. However, his lectures are awesome and precise. His class consists of attendance, two random collections of journals, quizzes from the textbook, and three exams (one of which is the final). If you know the course packet/show up to class the exams are easy.,5.0,2.0
Great guy! He truly cares about his students and makes wants success for everyone. If you need something, he'll be the first to do what he can to help you. His class was interesting and he has many funny stories. Lecture heavy. All in all I'm glad I took his class and would recommend him to everyone. Wish more professors cared as much as Evan does.,5.0,3.0
Loved this class so much. Evan truly cared for his students and the subject he was teaching all of us. The content is so interesting and although its very lecture based, Evan makes it relatable and applicable.,5.0,4.0
Evan is a really caring professor who wants you to succeed in his class, and will help you get there. But it is your job to pay attention and STUDY for his exams. The lectures are entertaining and engaging and the content is really cool. He's an all around great guy.,5.0,4.0
He's awesome,5.0,2.0
He's a great professor, has hilarious anecdotes and stories. While I dislike the course (Comm) and had to take it for Credit, he made this class interesting and if he taught non Comm classes, would definitely take him again. I think he allows up to 5 absences from class, so most people should be alright. Be ready to write a lot though.,5.0,3.0
One of the best teachers I have ever had! His intro to interpersonal communications class will change your mind and the way you think about life. I learned more things in this class then I ever did in any high school course. Hes very funny and engaging so class isnt boring.,5.0,3.0
Evans such a one of a kind person. Absolutely loved his class and am hoping to take more with him!,5.0,4.0
Evan's AWESOME. Take his classes, you won't regret it. It's not an easy A, but you'll have so much fun you'll forget it's work. Evan's funny and makes lectures interesting!,5.0,3.0
One of my favorite professors! He really cares about seeing his students succeed, not just in class, but in life. I learned so much practical information from his Nonverbal Comm and Interpersonal Comm classes. Overall a great man and professor. His classes aren't easy A's, but very fair and straightforward if you just show up and do the work.,5.0,4.0
he was always making us laugh,5.0,2.0
Instead of a textbook you get a paper packet full of fill in the blank notes that you go over in class, its awesome and has so much easy to use information. Regular journals but he doesnt always collect them, its a surprise when he does. Overall a funny and inspiring prof, you will learn so much about how the world works if you pay attention,5.0,3.0
Very nice and fun and he will work with you for your benefit. Expect work to come on suddenly and in waves though.,4.0,3.0
Evan is awesome. Hes hilarious and engaging. My favorite professor at UC. Just know that as far as tests go, theyre difficult but fair. He gives you everything you need to know in black & white.,5.0,4.0
Uncle Evan is honestly a great professor. I've had him twice so far, once for intro to interpersonal and once for comm theory! There are three exams through out the semester and there all over the course packet. The Final isn't cumulative, and as long as you study it then you should do great. He's always available to talk and gives extra credit!!,4.0,3.0
Professor Griffin truly cares about what he is teaching, and wants his students to feel the same way. His lectures are intriguing and keep everyone in attendance engaged. Take him if you can!,5.0,3.0
Evan is great! The best professor I've ever had. His curriculum is clear and straightforward and he makes it clear as to what you should know. The class is actually enjoyable to go to and he makes every class fun and engaging. There's no reason why someone shouldn't take him. Other than that, the class isn't a piece of cake but it isn't impossible.,5.0,4.0
Evan is an awesome professor whose class is well laid out and structured. I would absolutely take a class from him again.,5.0,4.0
Evan is an awesome professor, definitely take his classes at UC. Beware of life talks and long lectures, hes a great guy though!,5.0,4.0
Evan is one of the best professors I have had. He really does his best to engage with students during lectures and make the lectures easy to relate to by telling his life stories. He is always there to help when you have questions, and he genuinely cares about his students. Exams are a little hard but if you prepare you should be fine!,5.0,3.0
Evan is so funny and makes class a joy every time. he's my favorite professor I have ever had. you will need the textbook, he will give you a reading from it to read and almost every class you will take a quiz on the reading you read. its super easy if you read and only 5 questions. he makes fill in the blank notes and makes his lectures easy.,5.0,3.0
Hes the best,5.0,4.0
Evan Griffin was my only non-A grade for Spring semester, and I am not at all happy about it whatsoever.. I was on track for a perfect 4.0, until his 'tactics' (if that's what you'd prefer I call them) screwed me over. He is not consistent, nor does he utilize any of the administrative tools provided to him. His use of blackboard is non-existent.,1.0,5.0
Never an option to use the calendar, and the syllabus he gives you at the beginning of the year is nearly impossible to find online. The Mindtap quizzes you are required to take for the course are also incredibly difficult to find online since he doesn't provide a direct link, and you also MUST read before all exams or you WILL FAIL.,1.0,3.0
Lots of journal entries to do. Not too terrible work load there, but read the entries ahead of time so you can see which ones take longer. My only problem was remembering to do the online quizzes. If I logged into the online book, it's easy to see when things are due. Dates are also in the syllabus, but they weren't on a regular schedule.,4.0,3.0
Evan is probably one of the best professors at UC. He cares tremendously about each student individually and gives his classes every opportunity possible to succeed. His entire class is lecture based, although he does a great job of making them interesting and funny. I highly recommend taking him!!,5.0,3.0
Evan is an amazing prof. Definitely my favorite class yet.,5.0,1.0
Great professor. Very inspiring, makes you think. Make sure you show up to as many classes as possible because the exams are based on the in-class lectures, not the textbook. The exams are definitely challenging. You MUST study for them if you want to get a good grade. If you put in the effort, you will be fine.,5.0,4.0
Very inspirational. Helped me to turn my life around.,5.0,4.0
Easily the best professor I've had. Very nice and cares about his students. He is good at answering his student's questions and cares about helping each student. He also is very funny and entertaining when giving lectures. I would definitely recommend him.,5.0,3.0
Evans is a great professor who really engages his students and is hilarious during lectures, but be warned that tests are ALL memorization.,4.0,4.0
Easily the best professor UC has to offer. Engaging, funny, and incredibly knowledgeable. He has a tremendous gift to teach. He has taught this class for 20+ years and is always tweaking the course or adding new and relevant studies to best serve his students. He wants to see everyone learn and grow as much as possible.,5.0,3.0
Great professor. Really wants his students to do well and gives great lectures you won't want to miss.,5.0,3.0
Evan is an amazing professor. I've had him in class twice and he was great for both courses! Everything in his courses are relatable and ties to everyday life. He is also very personable and cares about his students! I would recommend him for any of his courses!,5.0,2.0
Evan is a great professor. His class will make you work for it, but it is worth taking if you're ready to actually learn.,5.0,4.0
Second time taking Griffin and I still love him. Lectures are interesting and he's hilarious. Assignments aren't hard. Tests you need to study for but he gives you study guides. Inspirational. You can tell he really cares and is passionate about what he's teaching. He is a Comm must and by far my favorite professor I've ever had.,5.0,2.0
Evan is one of the best professors you can take for Communication. Really passionate about the material and gives hilarious lectures relevant to topics in class. If he's teaching the class, take it.,5.0,2.0
I've taken Evan multiple times just because he's an awesome professor. Definitely one of my favorites at UC. He's a dork but he's a cool dork.,5.0,3.0
I loved him!! Class was hard but he was great!,5.0,5.0
Great guy, and the class is an easy A just show up for attendance and to fill in the notes in the coursebook and do the assignments. Nothing challenging, no surprises. Simple and straightforward. Don't take this class with any other professor bc they wont be as good as Evan.,5.0,2.0
I had him for interpersonal and he was amazing. He makes lectures and the info interesting with humorous anecdotes and has an obvious genuine passion for comm, teaching, and his students. You need to study for the tests but the material isn't that hard. As long as you do all the journal entries, online quizzes and study you should be good,5.0,2.0
Evan is a great professor. I highly recommend anyone take his class. It was not overly difficult and I learned a ton from it. Very little reading, and any reading done is enjoyable. There is a fair amount of writing, so if you really dislike that this class might not be the best. Evan is by far my favorite professor I've had so far.,5.0,3.0
Have not have a teacher like this since private high school.,5.0,1.0
overall, this class was just okay. The material wasn't the problem, it was how the material was taught. Evan will have you buy a booklet at the beginning of the year of notes to fill in. and that's all you do the whole class. he talks and fills in the blanks. to me, this class got very boring very fast. dreaded going to class,3.0,3.0
Great professor, I only struggled with the readings but he made sure that I would pass. Class is mandatory but he always is busting jokes and is very personal. I would take him again if I could!,5.0,4.0
Nonverbal comm, he allows 5 skips the whole semster. Super easy homeworks worth 10 pts. tests are hard but do the study maps and you can get a good grade the group project is a really easy 100 points as well!,5.0,3.0
Best. Teacher.,5.0,3.0
He is my favorite professor i have ever taken. Such a funny guy, you can miss quite a few classes without your grade being hurt but his class is always fun and I'm always giggling to myself.,5.0,3.0
Extremely funny and outgoing. Enjoyable lectures in every class.,5.0,2.0
Great professor and fun class. One of those college professors who impacts you beyond the classroom.,5.0,3.0
I thought he was a very good professor! His lectures were interesting and easy to listen to and contained good information! I would love to take a class from him again.,4.0,2.0
This class is comprised of some very tough material. Evan is great at giving real world examples to help clarify the subject matter. You will have to think in this class and study. He gives quizzes after all the readings. If you do poorly on the tests the quizzes and journals can save you.,5.0,4.0
Evan is in an incredible professor who not only teaches you material you will use your entire life, but also manages to inspire and make you laugh all at once. I was honestly sad when this class was over because I enjoyed it so much. You will need to study. He makes you work for your grade, but you have a blast doing it!,5.0,4.0
Read the book and listen to the lectures (their good!). That's pretty much all you have to do. Evan clearly wants to have a positive impact on all the students that come through his classroom. He's always energetic and ready to teach! He's the best teacher I've had at UC!,5.0,1.0
Amazing professor. Just show up an listen to what he has to say. The things learned in this class can be applied to life outside of the curriculum, you could really learn a thing or two. Just don't fall behind on journals! 8^),5.0,1.0
Great professor, really passionate about what he's teaching,5.0,4.0
Amazing Professor. As long as you pay attention to the lectures and do the map questions and review. On the tests you can average a C to B+ if you understand the material you could get A. The journals is where the large amount of the points help out and boost you grade. Show up and keep up it's a easy course with a really cool professor.,4.5,3.0
He is the best professor you'll have! Very energetic and motivational! The homework helps you understand the material better and it is actually FUN! I would take this class again if I could. 10/10 recommend.,5.0,3.0
awesome,5.0,1.0
Evan was great. I would honestly take any course he offers. The tests can be difficult as there is a TON of material, but he's not trying to trick you, just show up to class and study hard. He truly cares that each and every one of his students does well. It was my first college class that I actually looked forward to going to. Highly recommended!,5.0,4.0
Great teacher. Need to study hard for tests to do well on them. Highly recommend this professor.,4.5,3.0
Actually an amazing professor. Would highly recommend.,5.0,3.0
Great experience. His class is very organized , followed the syllabus to the letter. The lectures are interesting, often funny. He gives you everything you need to do well but it is up to you to show up and study. Definitely above the bar. I would take another class from Evan in a heartbeat.,4.0,4.0
Professor Evan is Awesome!,3.0,4.0
Evan Griffin is my favorite professor I've had at UC... I mean ever. I'm a communications major so luckily I get to take several of my credits with this great professor. Take his class of you have the chance you won't regret it!,5.0,3.0
Great class,5.0,4.0
This class is easy enough if you show up and do what he tells you to do. Which isn't hard, you want to go to his lectures. Even when it is all note taking he makes it fun and interesting.,5.0,2.0
Evan's a great professor, great guy,4.5,3.0
Evan should be a stand up comedian. I've taken him a few times and although his classes are hard they're worth the C grade. I would take this class over again if I could and probably pay more attention!,5.0,3.0
Great lectures, great guy, do your readings and chapter maps and you can get an A. If you blow off the readings and chapter maps you can expect your grade to show that. Group project really isn't bad except for when your group member doesn't do any of his part.,4.5,3.0
Not only one of the best professors I've ever had, but one of the most genuine people I've ever met. I loved his personality so much. Study for exams and they are easy peasy.,3.5,2.0
One of the best teachers I've taken on UC campus. He is helpful, lectures are entertaining, and his class goes by quickly.,4.5,2.0
Evan Griffin is one of the greatest professors I have ever had the pleasure of being a student to. He is clear in his instructions, will answer any and all questions you have, makes his subject material relate-able and applicable to real life situations, and has a killer sense of humor. For SURE would take any of his courses!!! 8^),4.0,3.0
Lectures are interesting and he is hilarious. If you don't show up to class you will have a hard time passing. Tests aren't hard as long as you study.,5.0,4.0
Great Professor that is really passionate about the class and the students he teaches. Show up and pay attention. Also make sure to study for his exams, or as he tells you during the first week they will kick your butt.,5.0,4.0
He is the best professor ever! He is super helpful and a really funny guy. He makes class interesting instead of being a boring teacher. His exams are hard, but if you study the maps and class notes you will be fine. I definitely recommend taking him.,5.0,3.0
Professor Griffin is super helpful, inspiring, and super funny. You're guaranteed a few laughs if you take one of his classes. He does assign readings that are about 20 pages long each, but they're not hard to understand. Some of it he goes over in class, some of it he doesn't, but if you study, you'll be fine. It's a great class and I recommend it,5.0,3.0
The best professor you'll ever have. Fun lectures, fun guy, and if you do what's assigned, you'll pass the class with flying colors. Evan is such a good hearted guy and truly cares about his students. I highly recommend taking this class,5.0,1.0
Overall amazing professor. I learned a lot and felt engaged by Evan every single class. Would recommend to any type of student. He makes you feel welcomed.,5.0,4.0
Evan is a great teacher. Lectures are engaging and interesting, and he clearly cares about his students. If you do the required work, it is not a difficult class, but it is very worthwhile.,5.0,2.0
Evan is hilarious and really cares about his students. His tests are challenging, but fair- he tells you exactly what to expect, so if you read & come to class, you'll be fine. Super fun class, super nice prof & I would recommend to anyone!!,5.0,3.0
Evan is the best professor I have had at UC. He genuinely cares about his students and is willing to be a mentor for anyone who needs it. He will make you laugh uncontrollably, ponder deep life questions, and fall in love with Communication. I have never rated a professor before, but Evan deserves the praise. You won't want his class to end.,4.5,3.0
Loved him!,5.0,2.0
Make sure you read and follow the map questions, also the tests are impossible,3.0,5.0
Definitely not the easiest professor I've had at UC, but he is my favorite. You will have to work and study hard, but you will enjoy his class. He makes class worth going to, and I'm bummed he only teaches two comm classes (both of which I took).,5.0,4.0
Professor Griffin is amazing. Such a great teacher and extremely clear about everything. His tests are a little bit wordy but if you take the notes then you're good to go. He's hilarious and makes class fun. Would definitely take him again!,5.0,2.0
I loved this class but it's not an easy A. You have to work for your good grade but Evan Griffin was an amazing professor, he will help you if you ask for it. I enjoyed his lectures and recommend taking this course but understand his exams are not easy.,4.5,3.0
I loved this class with Evan not only because I found the material interesting and important (it was a course requirement) but also because he is an awesome teacher. You are allowed 5 absences and he will tell you know if you reach all five before he takes points off for them. It was an awesome class and I would take any other classes he taught.,4.5,2.0
Great professor, extremely knowledgeable in his field and it shows in his lectures. He also likes to make class lectures less boring and is overall a funny guy. He also does his best to lay the coursework out for you so you have the best chance at succeeding in his class. Overall this is a great class to take, just make sure to study!,3.5,4.0
Evan makes the class so entertaining and applicable for life, but it's definitely a class that you have to try in. I think he makes it seem a little harder than it is, though.,5.0,1.0
He list out his entire expectations, assignments, readings, etc in his syllabus on day 1. He is clear and the class is easy as long as you listen to what he says,4.5,3.0
Professor Evan Griffin is THE BEST professor at UC and everyone should take his class, even if its not in your major. The class offers very helpful and useful real life information.,5.0,3.0
Evan is my favorite professor at UC so far. His lectures are really engaging and the material covered in his class is fascinating. I think everybody should take this class regardless of major.,5.0,4.0
This class should really be required in every field because it's so relevant to everyday life. Professor Griffin is AMAZING! Absolutely one of if not THE BEST professor I've ever had. Although he's funny and nice, don't be fooled! His exams are hard. On the first day of class he warned us! DO THE MAP QUESTIONS & READ THE BOOK BEFORE EVERY EXAM!,5.0,3.0
Great teacher overall that still gives challenges that are acceptable.,5.0,1.0
Griffin was by far the best professor I have ever had at UC. His lectures were always so interesting and engaging that I never wanted to miss class. I learned a ton from him. His exams are not easy but if you study then you'll be fine. Take his class!,5.0,3.0
Griffin was by far the best professor I have ever had at UC. His lectures are so interesting and fun that I never wanted to miss class. His exams are tough but if you study then you'll be fine! Take his class!,5.0,4.0
Definitely the best professor at UC, such an awesome person and very helpful I will take any class he is teaching.,5.0,4.0
Excellent teacher, funny, kept class interesting, fair grading,5.0,3.0
Evan was the best professor I've had at UC so far. He really cares about what he is teaching and if you listen to him the things he teaches can even help you with life outside the classroom. He is so funny and engaging. Tests can be challenging if you don't study the study guides. But I recommend him to anyone!,5.0,3.0
Evan is a very engaging and dynamic teacher who I respect a lot. That being said, after taking 2 classes with him, I realized he recycles all his jokes. Sooo maybe stick with one class.,5.0,2.0
He is one of the best teacher's I've ever had. As long as you complete the map questions or study guide by the day the chapter is due and not put them off you will be fine, attend every class and earning an A is very attainable. I am definitely going to miss Evan. He truly loves what he does, is very good at it, and wants you to succeed. Awesome!,4.5,2.0
Really great,5.0,3.0
Evan Griffin is the kind of professor everyone wants. He's always excited and very fun. He get's to know his students on a personal level. He knew my name and I had never really talked in class. He made me want to go to class every single time. I'm taking him next semester and can't wait! He always has stories and is very funny!,4.5,2.0
Evan is by far one of my favorite professors at UC. He truly cares about his students and their well being. His tests are tough, but if you do the map questions and attend class, passing is a given. He is such an amazing professor and has made my time at UC so enjoyable.,5.0,3.0
Griffin is an extremely helpful professor. He is entertaining and by far one of my favorite professors so far in college. I have had him for two classes, and each one of them were fantastic. If you go to class and fill out the map questions you can easily pass the test. If you have to take this or Interpersonal Communication, take it with Griffin.,5.0,2.0
awesome professor,5.0,3.0
Dis professor is da best! He stay wearing flip flops, but he cool. He foreva calls people buddy n ish, but he fly.,5.0,4.0
Class is very useful in real life. Prof is hilarious and the class is fun. Make sure you do the study guide questions and read every single chapter...can be challenging. Tests are tricky.,4.5,5.0
Extremely helpful anytime a student has a question. He always keeps class interesting and truly cares about his students! Amazing teacher, I definitely recommend taking his classes.,5.0,2.0
Evan was the best professor I've ever had. Challenging, funny, very clear on instructions, and overall a great teacher on the subject! One pointer: STUDY! His tests aren't easy!,5.0,3.0
Evan is a great professor and an even greater professor. He really cares about people and is willing to help. His classes are so interesting!,5.0,3.0
Evan is an amazing professor, he genuinely cares about his students. Definitely pay attention in class though and be sure to start the MAP questions early because that's where some of his questions for his tests come from. Definitely a great class to take. I wish I could take more classes with Evan. Just an all around great guy!,5.0,3.0
You will laugh in his class and you will learn non verbal communication.,5.0,3.0
This was a great class. I really enjoyed going to class for once. I learned a lot and had some pretty good laughs along the way. I suggest this class to anyone who is a com major.,4.5,3.0
Evan's class is pretty much like going to see a stand up comedian while learning a lot about nonverbal communication. Attendance and the book are a must, but the work is not overwhelming.,5.0,3.0
Evan is an awesome prof! I've had him in two comm classes and enjoyed both. He is a goofy guy who is always willing to help out his students. He makes class fun and I definitely recommend him!!,5.0,3.0
Best prof. I have had at UC thus far. I would take any class Griffin teaches. His tests are always hard, but I learn so much information in any class I have taken with him. I would recommend him to ANY student.,5.0,3.0
da bomb,5.0,3.0
Awesome teacher! You will learn a lot and he is very helpful and makes class a lot of fun! He really makes his students want to come to class. Test are a little hard but if you go to class and keep up with the reading you will be fine!,5.0,2.0
Best professor I've ever had! Cares about his students. Makes class fun and easy. I actually learned a lot and enjoyed it. Available outside of class. I wish he taught more Comm classes!,5.0,2.0
Evan is AWESOME! He definitely cares about his students and makes the subject matter interesting. He allows 3 absences per quarter, but I personally didn't want to miss class because it was actually fun to go to. I wish he taught more upper level COMM classes so I could continue participating in his class!!,5.0,4.0
Evan is by far one of, if not the single best professor I've had. He is incredibly knowledgeable, engaging, and he truly cares about his students. He expects a lot of his students but makes it very clear and is extremely fair.,5.0,3.0
Nonverbal and interpersonal classes were fun and interesting. Fill out the map questions and know the notes and youll get easy A's. Amazing teacher.,5.0,3.0
Evan is a GREAT professor! You are allowed to miss 3 classes before points are taken off of your final grade. Tests are challenging, but if you do the maps you will be fine. Evan is very helpful and you can tell that he really believes in his students and wants everyone to do well. Overall, a great experience. I wish he taught more comm classes!,5.0,3.0
Evan was a fantastic professor and his class was always a blast! I was always excited to attend class because I knew he would have something fun to teach us. Fantastic time, favorite professor in the Comm department by far!,5.0,4.0
Awesome professor. His classes are so fun but you always learn something. Highly recommended!!! He is very funny and knows what he is talking about. Favorite professor I've had at UC in 3 years.,5.0,3.0
Evan is a wonderful professor- certainly the best in UC's Comm Dept. He genuinely cares about your success, so use his office hours if you need help. Don't underestimate how helpful the MAPS questions are for the exams; he has crafted these questions carefully, so use them! Take his courses if you can because you won't regret it. Evan is the best!!,5.0,4.0
Evan Griffin is legitimately the best professor I have had at UC. (And I have had some good ones--bad ones too but thats besides the point.) He is an excellent teacher, very friendly and helpful, and absolutely hysterical. I took two classes from him just because someone told me he was good. I didn't need either class. Take his class! Its worth it!,5.0,1.0
Griffin is an awesome professor, and will keep you laughing! Hopefully your Grad student is good, because you work with them the most! You have to put work into this class, but as long as you do that, you'll be fine. Highly recommend this class to anyone in any major.,4.5,2.0
Evan is a great guy and really cares about the students learning. His tests are challenging but the map questions he has will get you through.,5.0,3.0
Great professor!! He is absolutely hilarious and keeps you entertained and interested. He is one of the best professors i've taken since i've been at UC.,5.0,3.0
i loved this professor. i looked forward to his class everyday and was sad each time i had to miss it,5.0,4.0
Great Professor he is hilarious!!!,4.0,3.0
Evan is a great guy. He really cares about his students and he has a lot of life experience to base his class upon.,5.0,3.0
Evan is one of the best professors I have ever had and I learned a ton from him this quarter,5.0,4.0
Evan is one of the best professors I have had at UC. He makes class interesting by giving real life examples (which are hilarious, btw). I would highly advise anyone to take him if you have the choice. You must come to class, (no more than 3 absenses a quarter), and MAP questions are a HUGE help. You have to study, but he makes it fun :),5.0,4.0
He is a great prof. He really enjoys what he do, i wish he taught more comm classes. HIS TEST ARE HARD! but he will make sure you need to know what to study for the test. I really look up to him great all around prof.HE REALLY CARES ABOUT THE STUDENTS and being in college you don't see that in many professors.His like your favorite uncle!Great!,5.0,3.0
The best professor I have ever had! He makes everyone feel special and goes out of his way to say hi to you if he see's you on campus. He puts the funniest options for answers on the exam, it's great because it makes everyone laugh and eases test stress. The material is tough. Like everyone else said, DO THE MAP QUESTIONS, come to class, laugh!,4.5,2.0
I have taken N.V. and Inter. about both classes were hard if you didn't do the work- but the class is worth it. I learned a lot and the classes were entertaining. But take him seriously, do your work and make sure you study.,5.0,4.0
Evan rules. He's entertaining, riveting, and just plain fun to listen to/watch every Wednesday. It's an easy class, just study HARD for exams because there are a lot of curve balls that were not discussed AT ALL in class. Overall, I recommend this class ONLY if you have Evan as your prof. He makes it awesome and relatable to your life.,5.0,1.0
Take this class, or any you can with Evan. He is a joy to see every day, and makes it worth it to go to class. He knows how to connect with students and keep everyone involved (even if he is corny sometimes).,5.0,3.0
The NV Comm class is interesting and fun. If you take good notes in class, read the textbook, do the map questions and turn your homework in on time you will do well. I did! :D I would take another class from Griffin in a heartbeat. He keeps class fun and you'll learn a lot of useful information.,5.0,3.0
Tests are HARD! But DO THE MAP QUESTIONS (super easy to find in the chapters) and study the notes you'll be good to go! SUPER FUNNY, very nice & willing to help when ever you need it. would definatly recommend him!,5.0,5.0
Griffin is the best comm professor on campus! He makes u laugh in every lecture but do the MAP QUESTIONS or else u will not do well on the exams! He is the multiple choice KING! Just put in effort & u'll pass the class. Also attendance is MANDATORY!,5.0,3.0
He is a very funny guy, but he is tough just DO THE MAP QUESTIONS and you should be good,4.5,5.0
If you fill out the maps and take good notes in class then you will be just fine. If you don't do this, then you won't do well. He really makes sure that you know your stuff, which I think makes him a great professor. This was definitely an enjoyable class and I would totally recommend it to anyone!!,5.0,2.0
Very funny guy and interesting class!,5.0,4.0
FUNNNNNNN,5.0,3.0
His exams were wordy and it was hard to understand what he was asking. He is a tough grader. He is fun in class but that doesn't make up for everything else.,2.5,4.0
This class was wonderful just because of Evan. I had an interest in Nonverbal but Evan makes things THAT much better with his humor. He cares about his students so much. Difficult material but VERY USEFUL. He makes everything fun. Come to class, take notes, laugh a lot=A. TAKE THIS CLASS and any other class Evan teaches.,5.0,2.0
Awesome class! Griffin makes class fun and enjoyable. One of the best classes i've ever taken! Two thumbs up!,5.0,1.0
This is one of the best classes I've taken. The exam's are easy, if you do the reading and go to lecture. The homework is super easy, and you barely get any. I would recommend this class to everyone!,4.5,3.0
I took several classes with Evan 4 years ago. To this day, I pass him on campus and he still says, "Hey Kevin how are you doing?" I never really stood out in the class, which is makes the fact that he remembers his students even more impressive. After all these years, I still believe he is one of the best teachers I have ever had.,5.0,1.0
He is a wonderful professor... I would recommend his classes to anyone. Even his TAs are great. You actually learn a LOT in his classes.,5.0,4.0
Evan has a good sense of humor. Class is enjoyable to attend. The material is interesting and applicable to your life. Take Evan's classes!,5.0,3.0
Great professor! You have to do the homework, but it's easy stuff. 3 Exams, final is not cumulative. Attendance is required, but he will keep your interest for sure.,5.0,3.0
Evan was the frickin best! If u get anythin lower than a C...u suck at life!,5.0,2.0
Evan is a WONDERFUL professor. He will definitely keep your attention and your interest the entire time, and you can clearly see that he cares about his students. His class is not a cake walk, but he does make it as easy as possible to learn and understand the material. Evan is a MUST TAKE professor.,5.0,4.0
he was cool,5.0,3.0
Evan friggin ROCKS. I don't know about this Steve Fuller fellow, but he's got some SERIOUS competition.,4.5,3.0
EVAN IS BETTER THAN STEVEN FULLER...........PERIOD. I have taken them both and both classes require work. Difference is that Evan seems to care more about his students.,4.0,4.0
EVAN IS A GREAT TEACHER!! I highly recommend his class, he is funny which keeps class interesting. The material is very interesting and the studies he refers to are really cool. As far as test, FOLLOW MAP QUESTIONS. Evan is very clear on this so do not take it lightly, they will help on exams. A++ Thanks Evan for making class fun and interesting!,5.0,3.0
Evan has been one of my favorite professors I have ever had. He is always open with office hours if you just need to talk or if you need help with the class. The classes he teaches are fun but do not underestimate his exams; the map questions are your best way to get good grades. I would recommend taking any and every class Evan teaches.,4.5,4.0
I had Evan for interpersonal comm, and didn't really need nonverbal but took it because i love Evan's class. Class is always fun and the material is interesting. Don't take tests lightly though. Do the map questions and go to class everday and you'll do fine! EVAN'S AWESOME,4.5,4.0
I had Evan for interpersonal comm and didn't really need to take nonverbal, but wanted to because i love his class. Class is always fun and the material is interesting. Don't take the tests lightly though. Do the map questions and go to class everyday, and you'll do fine! EVAN'S AWESOME!,4.5,4.0
Evan's non-verbal communication class is one of three college course I have truly looked forward to going to. You are guaranteed to laugh and to learn a lot. I would highly recommend the class.,5.0,4.0
Evan is an awesome teacher!! He is truely great and keeps the class super fun and interesting!! I definately recommend taking him!!!,5.0,3.0
He will be your favorite professor by the end of the quarter. I highly reccommend taking any of his courses. He is not easy but if you follow all the maps and keep up with the homework it is a really fun class to be in.,4.5,4.0
If you do the maps to study for the tests and go to class you will be ok. He is very understanding and I would recommend him as a teacher.,5.0,4.0
Pretty easy if you just do what's asked.,4.5,3.0
Evan is hilarious. His teaching styles make it interesting to come to class. Yes, at times it can be boring (same as any class) but the corny joeks make it bareable. I do recommend any class he teaches over another professor. He's fair but you do have to do the work. Love him!,5.0,2.0
Prof. Griffin is a really fun guy. He makes class interesting, but he expects preparation from you. Test will kick your butt if you don't study.,5.0,4.0
Hard professor, interesting and fast-paced class. Prof makes material understandable,4.5,4.0
Evan is an awesome teacher! He relates the content to everyday life and tells hilarious stories. I would recommend him to everyone.,5.0,3.0
His class is pretty fun and his ridiculous were what kept me coming to class!:),4.5,3.0
Evan is one of the best professors I have had or will ever have. Like all classes, you have to put forth an effort, but his teaching style really makes that a cinch. Even if you aren't a COMM major, I recommend this class as an elective. I'm lucky to have had him for all of my comm classes. P.S. Don't be late, or you WILL be ostracized!!! :),5.0,1.0
I loved Evan's class. His is super enthusiastic, friendly and really funny. This is not a slack off class! You have to do your reading maps and study to do well on his exams. Attendance is mandatory, but Evan makes it easy to come and pay attention. Overall he's a great professor.,5.0,3.0
Had him for Nonverbal Comm. Super enthusiastic. Genuinely loves his students and cares about their learning and well-being. Class will make you a better person. You have to do your work and pay attention, but it's clear what to do for an A (do review questions, read the book, take good notes).,5.0,3.0
Evan's a great professor, and if you are a Comm. major, you have most likely you have heard of him. He enjoys what he teaches and it shows, but even with his enthusiasm, I still ended up with a C. I'd still recommend him though! Like college students should be doing, just study and keep up with the MAP guides throughout the quarter. Don't cram!!!!!,3.5,4.0
Evan is a wonderful teacher. His class is great. He explains everything well. His maps may be a little hard, but they are needed. If you like laughing you should def. take this class...Overall, it is easy to get an A..Great Teacher!!!!!!!,4.5,2.0
He is a pretty cool professor. He teaches very well, but you need to pay attention because his exams are a little tough if you don't.,5.0,3.0
I LOVED THIS CLASS!!!! Evan is one of the BEST professors on campus. He has a great sense of humor which helped to make the lectures interesting. Attendance is mandatory because we take notes everyday in a binder. Study and read the chapters and you'll pass the class.,5.0,2.0
I walked out of Evan's iceburg lecture a changed person. That lecture really made me realize alot about myself and why I resort to bad things to soothe pain. Because I found out the root of why I do these things, I can begin the steps to try to stop. Evan is a brilliant man and a great teacher.,4.5,4.0
He's a wonderful professor! He keeps you awake and makes the information understandable. He's funny and makes class enjoyable and a good time. I would highly recommend Evan!,4.0,4.0
This class was so generated based on the idea that every student was a dumb freshman who needed thier hand held. the material was ridiculously easy and yet attendence was required through the "group therapy" "break-outs." Good-luck through this class if you are more mature than a freshman frat boy.,3.5,2.0
Dr. Evan Griffin is an excellent Interpersonal Communication professor. He only lectures once a week. Classes have breakout twice a week with a TA. Evan?s class is very structured and well prepared. He is a talented lecturer. His class is a ton of work. Exam prep requires tons of work which if done you are set. Also tons of journal entries required,4.0,4.0
He is a wonderful professor. He is funny, outgoing, and influencial. Make sure you study for his tests ahead of time!!,4.0,4.0
I absolutely loved Evan's class! I had him for both Nonverbal and Inter. Personal Comm. and he was great! His tests were definitely hard. Studying is def. a huge must for his. But he was always helpful and really got you involved.,4.5,4.0
I had him for Nonverbal and Intro to Interpersonal. He's an awesome professor! I would recommend him to anyone who is motivated enough to actually study for his tests! Sorry, it's college you gotta do SOME work. Tests weren't that bad if you do the "maps". I would really recommend his nonverbal class especially.,5.0,2.0
Was by far the most amazing professor I've ever had. His lectures were great, he was so funny. Tests are hard, but he makes things so fun for class. The breakout sessions are even fun and you get to learn a lot more about yourself and communications. By far the best college class I've taken!,4.5,4.0
Iwould say that his class is very interesting and useful easy to understand. But when it comes to the test I feel tricked, test are very hard and confusing,5.0,3.0
Evan is a wonderful professor and a rare man. He instructs his students in the subject matter by using perosnal experiences. He truly strives to help his students grow and evolve. He wants students to learn more than the material, he wants them to learn about themsleves.,5.0,3.0
Evan's class was great! I've NEVER laughed so much in a lecture as I have in his class. People say his tests are really picky, but I got over 100% on every test- I recommend starting on the study guide a week before tests because there are a lot of specifics- other than that just take notes in his packet and show up- i promise you'll enjoy it!,5.0,2.0
Evan is a great professor. I don't understand why people complain about his "tricky" tests. I found his tests to be easy, and he gives you everything you need to know to study. The packets he puts together are great, and he always has great stories and examples to go along with the lecture. You will take a lot of notes. Group project was easy.,5.0,1.0
Evan is awesome. best class yet. he's sooo funny and he already has the notes you need all you have to do is fill in the blanks and be sure to study them and you're set for the tests. He does a very good job of keeping you interested.,5.0,3.0
This class was really interesting, and Evan's stories make lectures really entertaining. If you can read a textbook, go to class and listen then you will get an A.,4.5,2.0
I took Uncle Evan for Interpersonal and Nonverbal. his class is interesting and fun. It is really applicable to life too. However be advised it is ALOT ALOT ALOT of work. Tons of memorizations. As long as you do read the text, go to class EVERYTIME and study you will be fine. Evan's lectures and stories make the class fun to go to anyhow.,5.0,5.0
Really if you want to pass this class THE FIRST TIME around take it with another professor. Frankly, fill in the blanks is NOT an effective teaching method and you will not learn anything from his lectures at all. For real, if you've read this comment consider yourself warned.,1.0,5.0
Evan was a great teacher! Everyone should take this class even if you aren't a comm. major. It is informative and fun!,5.0,2.0
Awesome professor, went above and beyond what I would ever expect from a professor, I cant take him again though because I have taken every course that he teaches.,5.0,3.0
Evan was a great teacher. He was funny and had lots of stories. The teachers assistances ran the whole class though. The class is a lot of memorization but the exams and assignments were ver clear. Evan is a hotty,2.5,3.0
he is very interesting, class is funny and not boring at all. he has good stories and is easy to listen to. i loved this class. it required a little bit of work to remember the definitions but the tests are very straight forward and go right along with the study guides. I got an A with only a little bit of effort.,5.0,2.0
The hot tamale is all that I would give him for this class. He drove me through he** and back. If you choose to leave the past in the past, this is NOT the class for you. He will bring up too many demons.,4.0,5.0
In this course the TA's are supposed to take attendence EACH time we meet as they do factor your attendence in your final grade. With that said, the one TA has now decided to just do her own thing. This is where she takes attendence when it is convenient for her. Assignment due dates are tentative even after work is asked to be turned in.,1.0,5.0
The tests are written in such a way that you WILL FAIL. The jokes are all the same. The TA's are very lazy not taking the work in on their due dates. Take Depoe!,1.0,3.0
Awesome guy and funny!,5.0,2.0
I am not sure exactly what he is the best in? You will be far better off taking courses with another professor.,1.0,3.0
Horrible multiple choice tests with far too many options. (ex. all of the above, none of the above, both a and b, all but 3, etc.),3.5,5.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Evan is the best, but he'll ask you about god,5.0,3.0
Save your time and your money!! The break out sessions are very mundane and due dates are flexible depending on who your teaching assistant is. If can take any class he is teaching with an alternative professor, I seriously suggest that you do.,1.0,3.0
Seriously...the tests are SO EASY, you just have to make sure you study the material or memorize it the night or morning before! Evan's lectures are SO fun. The breakouts are BOR-ING...couldn't stand them, I felt like I was back in 1st grade. Easy material. I recommend this class and teacher for an easy A!!!,5.0,1.0
Evan is Awesome!!!!!!!!,5.0,2.0
The tests are very easy if you study the study guide the night before. I really enjoy this class, and he always makes the lecture interesting and fun. The notes are even fun because they're fill in the blank! This was a very easy and fun class.,4.5,1.0
You can tell Evan is very passionate about teaching. I never wanted to miss because I didnt want to miss any of his hilarious stories. AWESOME teacher... the tests are a little hard but it works out,5.0,3.0
Very down-to-earth and laid back.,5.0,3.0
tests are too hard,1.0,5.0
Very cool,5.0,4.0
Evan's classes are a lot of fun and very interesting. I would take every class he taught.,5.0,3.0
The tests are completely easy as long as you review the study guide the night before. He's a great professor - the only one I've had who's class I enjoyed going to all the time.,4.5,2.0
Tests are tough, but if you use the study sheet he gives you and go over it, it's not bad at all...lots of fun..fill in the blank notes...Didn't really care for the T-Shirt signing day and party...but it was 10 extra credit points just for being there!,4.5,4.0
tests are hard,4.0,4.0
Evan rocks my world. He is what makes college fun and exciting. He is the best prof I have ever had. (and i was in college for 5 years),5.0,4.0
GREAT PROFESSOR. Difficult tests, but he makes you think. Pretty entertaining in lectures, and he at least has a sense of humor. Evan's the coolest.,5.0,3.0
Evan rocks!!!!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,5.0
AWESOME MAN!!!!!!!!!!FUN CLASSES BUT VERY CHALLENGING,5.0,5.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
LML is a fantastic professor who truly cares about her students. She is great at communicating with the class (shocker) and makes you seem like you are an individual. She was fantastic,5.0,2.0
I love this teacher. But I have to be honest, I could never watch any of her videos fully if at all just because I never used the information, she lectured in them, and it was just mono toned. I would still take her again though.,4.0,4.0
Professor Luccioni is someone I would trust with my life. Not only is she an expert in her field, but she cares about every student in that class. I would definitely recommend this course if you need a communication credit!,5.0,2.0
I've had tons of Communications professors, but Professor Luccioni is the best I've had! She really cares about her students and does everything she can to meet her students halfway. Her lectures are manageable and fun and the course load is manageable. She is very personable and easy to talk to and easily reachable for questions. Highly recommend!,5.0,1.0
Prof Luccioni is wonderful. Her class is quite interactive and I think she had to scale it down because there are only so many things she could do over Zoom. The course packet was incredibly helpful as it made it easier to organize the notes to match the tests. The test review sheets were in there too. She cared about her students and showed it.,5.0,3.0
Lisa Marie likes to talk a lot but will always be there before speeches and tests to help you prepare.,5.0,3.0
I would take this professor every year! I stayed after class a few times just to talk to her. She truly cares about her students. The class is speech-heavy with a few quizzes. She didn't do big exams.,5.0,2.0
LisaMarie really cares about her students. She will take the time to call and text each of her students. She was a bit of a tough grader on the paper and the presentations, but the textbook chapter quizzes are really easy points. She is a funny and caring professor, and has a lot of real world experience to share with her students.,4.0,2.0
One of, if not the BEST teacher I have ever had. Luccioni requires attendance but once you start going you never want to stop. She always makes everyone feel included and talks and understands life outside of school. She ALWAYS cares about her students and even if you don't love public speaking, she will make you feel like you are great for trying.,5.0,3.0
Best teacher I have had. Took her for problem solving and now I'm taking her again for business communication. She goes above and beyond her duties as a teacher. She acts more like a friend than a teacher. I've never had a teacher that will call me on their cell phone before. I wish I could have her for all of my classes.,5.0,2.0
Best professor at the University of Cincinnati. Makes every student feel welcomed and respected. She has hundreds of students and takes time to call or email every one of them to discuss individual questions on projects. Best speaker i have ever seen. She is a great teacher and makes sure each individual gets the subject. Highly recommend!,5.0,2.0
Lisa Marie is my favorite professor at the university. She has such an amazing personality and caring heart for her children. You can trust what she says and she really pushes you to do your best and grow. TAKE HER!!!!,5.0,3.0
The absolutely most caring teacher you will ever have,5.0,3.0
Great teacher who makes sure everyone is included and feels important. Make sure you read the textbook because she includes little things from it that you'll probably have over-looked. Helpful course packet, but don't just use that to study. If you show up in class she gives a lot of hints/ blatant answers as to what is on the test.,5.0,3.0
Where do I start with Lisa? She is an extraordinary person and professor. She teaches stuff you use in the real world. She will go above and beyond to make sure the student understands! Take her class you will not be disappointed! If you are ever struggling, ask for help and she will do anything to help you! Absolutely amazing.,5.0,3.0
LisaMarie is the best professor I've ever had. She cares for each and every student, she is a phenomenal instructor and is passionate about what she teaches.,5.0,3.0
Lisa Marie is a great lady. This class after your first speech may seem impossible, because with the first speech she grades based off of her expectations. From there, you have to use her "tools" to make a great speech, and the more you follow the tips she gives, the more your speech grades will go up! She makes class so fun. Enjoyable.,5.0,4.0
She is willing to put in the work if you do. You can tell she really cares for her students in terms of education and also their well-being. She is not an easy grader but this isn't necessarily a bad thing because her constructive criticism is extremely helpful and is there to better you. If you can take a class with her, DO IT.,5.0,4.0
Good class. But overall she doesn't know how to make a test for students.,1.0,5.0
Lisa-Marie is one of those professors that truly cares about her students. She shares a lot about herself and teaches with her heart. As an IT guy I thought a communications class was going to be a struggle but I ended up liking the class alot. If you have the opportunity to take her, DO IT.,5.0,3.0
Shes the best professor i've had yet,5.0,4.0
LisaMarie Luccioni is the best professor I have ever had, hands down. She is a tough grader but is 100% fair and she really makes you work for your As. She is an amazing professor as well as an amazing person and if you have the opportunity to work with her, you absolutely should. Her class is not hard as long as you follow the speech formula!!,5.0,4.0
LisaMarie is the sweetest woman you will ever meet, but get ready to read the textbook front to back. Class is fairly easy and manageable, but texts are difficult. Overall, I loved the class and would take it again.,5.0,4.0
Great teacher. Tests are not easy but the class was fairly simple. This professor treats her students like equals while still maintaining a professional relationship. Would highly recommend.,5.0,3.0
As an engineering major, I was not thrilled about the prospect of taking a speaking course, but LisaMarie made it not only bearable but enjoyable. She genuinely cares about her students and her energy keeps lectures interesting. Grading can seem a bit tough at times but is fair at the end of the day. You will need to read the book for the exams.,5.0,3.0
Genuine professor and extremely decent human being. She really cares about her students and makes an effort to get to know and include everyone... but will hold you accountable! Missing class isn't easy but she makes it enjoyable enough so you make an effort to attend. TAKE HER CLASS. She teaches more than a textbook, people, she teaches about life,5.0,4.0
If you have the chance to take one of Professor Luccioni's classes, do it. Period. You won't regret it. She is amazing!,5.0,4.0
Best speech teacher at UC. I got a C in the class, but I learned a lot in the class and became a better speaker. Two tests over stuff covered in textbook. Four speeches. 600 points total. If you have perfect attendance she adds 1.5% to your final grade. She is also rated as one of the best professors in the nation by princeton review.,5.0,4.0
I don't even know where to start. Lisa Marie is one of the finest professors that I have had. It was an honor to be taught by her. Compassionate, warm, genuine. I have never met anyone like her. She cares about her students on a new level, giving you her cell & home number to call if you ever have q's or need anything. Take her take her, take her!,5.0,2.0
Such an amazing woman. She genuinely cares about her students and her subject field. Extremely knowledgeable and very good at teaching. One of the best classes ever!,5.0,1.0
I come onto this site to try & find those teachers that I will truly appreciate after my college days are done. I found that in Lisa Marie. She is the best professor I've had at UC & would recommend her for any class she teaches. She is extremely knowledgeable about her subject but more importantly, she is an amazing woman.,5.0,3.0
Love her so much. The best, most engaging and helpful professor I have had so far. She is a genuinely great person who wants to see her students succeed. Very funny and down to earth but will teach you important lessons you will use and need to know in the real world.,5.0,1.0
Honestly the greatest teacher in the entire world! I love her so much! Please take her Small group class, she makes it so interesting and class fun! Do her study guides and you'll pass the class no problem! Nicest person I have ever meet!!,5.0,3.0
LML is one of the most wonderful people I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. Truly a uniquely special woman. I wish she could be cloned.,5.0,3.0
AWESOME!,5.0,4.0
LisaMarie is not only one of the best Comm Professors at UC, but she is one of the most kind hearted people I've ever met. You will absolutely love her. She gives a course packet that is very helpful, though you MUST READ the chapters, a lot of test questions come from the reading that she doesn't cover in class. Wonderful professor!,5.0,4.0
She is a wonderful professor. Cares about the students. Make sure you do the readings since the tests heavily rely on the book.,4.5,3.0
What a wonderful woman. She is the sweetest professor. She honestly cares about what students have to say. Goes over material at a slow pace and tells you what is on the exam. Make sure you read the chapters through multiple times, she gets a lot of info from the book that is not mentioned in class. Group project is fun! I miss her class already.,5.0,2.0
Best professor I've ever had. She relates well to the class and she genuinely cares about her students. I would recommend her class to anyone! :),5.0,2.0
She is a wonderful teacher!!! Class goes by fast and she has lots of interesting stuff to tell! She makes class fun and interesting and I definately recommend taking her!!,5.0,3.0
ABSOLUTELY the best teacher i've ever had by far. Always willing to help, always available. Tests are more common sense then anything else, but she tells you exactly what you need to study. Explains all the different topics for speeches very well, as well as all the different subjects. DEFINITELY take her if you have to take a communication class!!,5.0,2.0
Students thinking about taking Luccioni's class, disregard the last comment. That person must not know what makes a good professor. Lisa Maria is outstanding! The sweetest woman on campus, always available to help. The class is interesting I definitely recommend it! Lisa Maria is inspiring and loves what she does. The class is very enjoyable. Take!,5.0,3.0
Probably the best professor I have ever had.. She truly cares about all of her students. I was able to reach her by phone and through email. Always takes the time to help students. Her tests aren't easy, but her study guides are extremely helpful. If you put in the work and seek her help, you can do really well. I recommend her classes to everyone,5.0,4.0
Great professor and a great lady she is probally the best professor on this campus. you will have to work hard but she will be there to help you out any way possible. She is one of thoes professors that once they leave at the end of the day they continue to work hard she cares a lot for her students and will help you acheive the grade you want.,4.5,3.0
I've been meaning to write a review on this woman for YEARS! I have taken every single one of her classes that she's offered in the Communication department. I never got an A, but I learned more from her than any ofther class in my whole college career. I could have gotten the A if I did the readings. I recommend her classes (ANY)!,5.0,4.0
You definately have to work in Luccoini's class, but it does teach you interesting things. She was very nice, although her attendance policy is highly strict. Walk in 1 minute after role call and you are already half absent!,5.0,5.0
She is awesome. Truely taught me how to be an effective public speaker. Yes, you definatly had to do the work but she made everyone in the class want to work hard to impress her. Taking classes from her will help you get father in other important classes,5.0,3.0
One of my favorite professors. She made me want to pay attention in her classes and do well.,5.0,4.0
Nice lady, Acts overly professional and loves the sound of her own voice. Obtaining an A in the class IS NOT POSSIBLE. She is a very strict grader that follows no method of errors relating to points. Enjoyable class, just don't be looking for an A.,4.0,5.0
I had LML for Problem Solving Groups but i forget the course number. She is GREAT. If you have to take a comm class, take LML. It is a good amount of work but not hard. She is very personable and a standup lady.,5.0,3.0
good job,5.0,4.0
I was dreading taking this class, but once I got to know Lisa Marie I was at ease. She lays everything out on the table the first day and doesn't try to embarrass anyone. Everyone in our class knew eachother because of the ice-breaker excercises we did. We actually cared about our fellow students' progress. I definitly recommend Lisa Marie!,5.0,4.0
Very fun class to be in. I wouldn't say it was increadibly easy though because I got a D, but that is not saying much. Overall though she is an awsome teacher,5.0,2.0
LML is AMAZING!!! She also has genuine concern for her students! ITs crazy, I cannot turn my attention away from her!,5.0,3.0
One of the best professors I have ever had. I have become a much better public speaker after attending this class. Never seen a teacher who has such passion for her subject. One of the best teachers in all my years in school. Not the easiest teacher but the best.,5.0,4.0
Hot mama! Very wonderful person who really cares about your education. Class should be a pre req. to all students! You go girl!,5.0,2.0
LisaMarie is sho peppy and can make anyone's bad day great. She loves her Philomaths and she also likes caramel delight girlscout cookies. She is very classy and a great instructor!,5.0,2.0
I really enjoyed LisaMarie. She tells you what is expected. She's very nice, outgoing, and personable. She'll probably be one of your favorite teachers.,5.0,2.0
Awesome Professor, Takes a great deal of pride in her job and it pays off for her students.,5.0,4.0
LML is the shiz. She brings personality, energy, and pointy hair to almost every class. She likes hot pepper cheeze and can bowl a staggeringly high avg without PBA status - a must for any prof.,5.0,3.0
Extemely personable. Makes all her classes entertaining. Relates well to students of all age groups. Was my favorite Communications instructor.,5.0,2.0
I had her for "problem solving in Comm groups". She was always patient and explained everything. She cares about her students and her job. I respect her and think she puts a lot of effort into her curricula. Deffinately recommend her.,5.0,2.0
LisaMarie is one of the best people I know and after having her for 3 classes she is a great teacher too! She is truly concerned for her students and wants them to succeed. She makes a 3 hour lecture feel like 30 minutes!,5.0,4.0
She's so personable!!,5.0,2.0
she's a great prof. she really knows her material and can interpret it for the class well. she makes public speaking as fun as it can be :),5.0,4.0
Awesome-- probably my favorite professor since starting college,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Very personable, interesting prof... talks very fast, but you get used to it after a while. Full of energy and enthusiasm. Recommended highly.,4.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
Terrible professor. Tough to student. Never care about students. 100% avoid her.,1.0,3.0
she is really bad! The worst lecturer in the Waterloo. She can not get the teaching award. She does not respect me.,1.0,5.0
She is one of the best profs I've had in ACTSC. She is very knowledgeable and can explain all the concepts well.,5.0,3.0
Her textbook is used worldwide for a reason.,4.5,4.0
Without any doubt, she is knowledgable and smart. Very nice to students and ready to help. However, I don't think she excels at teaching (it might also because the course is first offered after restructuring). The second half of the course was dis-organized and confusing. Slide reading and no examples.,3.0,4.0
The quality of her lectures wasn't consistent. Some days were clear and organized, while others seemed unorganized and even her writing would be illegible. Assignments were great, but the midterm and final were unexpectedly hard and unfair.,2.5,4.0
Her lectures are not organized, may due to the fact that this course is first being taught. Midterm is extremely straightforward, but final is a completely different story. Would prefer if she spends more time on examplesproblems rather than just teaching the concepts.,3.0,5.0
Crystal clear Exaplanation. Really knows the stuffs she was teaching. Since I heard that she was one of people who created Exam MLC questions, so she used questions from past MLC as lecture examples. Midterm is fair, and assignments are interesting... Unsure about Her final. Would definitely take 4th year actsc with her again in the future!,4.5,2.0
This is the first time she taught in this 5 years, it's a shame that our batch of students weren't taught by professor like her. This course syllabus has just changed so she is a little bit unorganized in the materials and notations. But overall she is knowledgeable and tend to link materials to real world practice.,3.5,3.0
Excellent lecturer! Occasionally gave us fridays off by having lectures during tutorial. I failed miserably when Tan taught this and this time she just made everything make sense and entertaining.,4.0,3.0
Her explanations are way better than Ken Seng Tan's who also teaches this course. She's your best bet to getting the SOA credit. No surprises as long as you do the assignments. No, she doesn't get a list of which students in the class are in actuarial science or not so the comment below is faulted.,4.0,2.0
She only cares about her actsc students. Her marking is unfair, she gives actsc students 80-90s (for their actuary exam/qualification purposes) and students in other programs 50-70s to keep the average in the 70s.,1.5,5.0
She goes really easy on you in this course cuz she does want most people to get the VEE credit. Marked mts and final out of lesser marks than the total marks one can achieve on the tests. Very entertaining and clear explanations during lectures. It seriously is your own fault if you do not get at least a 70.,4.5,3.0
Bad experience with this professor; didnt want to hear me out at all, I mean AT ALL!! whats the use of office hour?,1.0,5.0
never available during office hours, extremely arrogant, course not well structured at all,3.0,4.0
Long exams but fair. Helpful assignments hence you need to done them by yourself.,4.5,3.0
Not a very helpful prof.,1.5,3.0
She doesn't give too much care to students, or maybe it was just me. Not so helpful outside classes - she gets easily irritated and very reluctant to give any hints on assignments. Midterm fair, final fairly hard. Assignments require extensive software skills,3.0,5.0
this prof is really dun know how to teach..useless...wasting my term...i hope there would be another prof teaching this course..,1.0,3.0
She only cares about her research, and nothing else!!!,2.0,4.0
Explains well and helpful. Assignments are straight forward. Final and Midterm are all based on assignment. Usually do well if you go over the asisgnments before exam. Exam are usually long, so write fast.,5.0,3.0
Best prof. in the department!(or... score the same as Panjer) And cares A LOT about students! She really hooked me up with the actsci career and absolutely someone I would recommend if you are serious about actsci!,5.0,3.0
Extremely good. Awesome lectures. Conflicts with some students, but has always been extremely nice to me.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
Very good at explaining, assignments are sometimes complicated. Easy midterms, long and sometimes difficult final.,4.0,4.0
Horrible prof, doesn't care about anyone except herself. She is full of herself. HORRIBLE prof,1.0,5.0
I took Actsc 232 & 331 with her. 331's exam is not as hard as 232. As long as you do the assignments on your own and ask for help whenever you don't understand, you should be fine in the final. I understand life con. more, way better than textbook.,4.0,1.0
No Comments,3.0,5.0
hard prof,4.0,4.0
Excellent Prof, everything very clear, hard finals, but students are warned. Good Notes and great to ask for help.,5.0,3.0
She is a very good prof in teaching and cares about her students and put effort into her lectures. The only bad thing is she never posts the last assignment solution (Both 232 & 331). The final assignment is important for the final exam.,4.5,5.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
Super nice prof. makes pension very interesting,5.0,1.0
Excellent Teacher. Good Grasp of content and how to lecture a classroom. But keep in mind she is a hard marker. You get marks deducted for making up answers, she discourages answering questions you do not know, since it wastes the markers time and yours.,4.5,4.0
Great Prof, has a penchant for rambling... not necessarily a bad thing. Really cares about pensions.,4.5,3.0
She is good researcher,professor. BUTNOT A ORGANIZED TEACHER! I swear to God, if you want to take a course with clear simple explantion, don't ever take her course! You may listen to her lecture, but never screw up your assigment with her,she is,1.0,5.0
She's one of the best teachers ever. She can explain anything to anyone and yet still manages not to go too slowly. She's very funny too, outside of class.,5.0,3.0
She genuinely cares about her students. A blunt and busy person. Just don't get up in her face when she is in a bad mood. She is very nice and helpful otherwise.,4.0,4.0
I think she is the best "teacher" in the ACTSC department, simply because she can teach. She really wants her students to learn something from her cousres. A must have prof!,5.0,3.0
Very dedicated to students and the department. Funny person but jokes sometimes not. Very thorough treatment. If you need funds for the dept, please fire Reynolds! Reynolds does NO research and is a crap teacher who scares young students.,5.0,4.0
a great prof but also a hard one,4.0,4.0
The ONLY good teacher in the stats and actsc department... althoguh the skirt comment there is puzzling I guess her body is alright :p,5.0,3.0
Mediocre teaching performance.Feel good about herself though.,2.5,3.0
good notes,5.0,3.0
clear notes but sometimes speaks too fast,3.5,2.0
Exams are hard but notes are good!,5.0,4.0
Excellent notes, interesting lecturer.,5.0,4.0
my nightmare at UW,3.0,5.0
Hard as hell, but makes class fun and damn shes funny,5.0,5.0
Best Actsci teacher in the school,5.0,4.0
GREAT prof. Actually cares.,5.0,2.0
She looks very hot in her usual skirts!,5.0,2.0
To anyone reading this questioning whether they should take Stat 435 with Stefan - do it. It will be the best decision of your undergrad. Easily my favourite professor Ive had, clear lectures, group work that is applicable to real life statistics, etc. Take home midterm, open book final. Do your work, pay attention, easy 80+. TAKE THIS CLASS.,5.0,2.0
instructions are unclear, too many workloads. He made us hand in a report every week which require a lot of investigaions and time. However, his instructions are unclear, usually dun know what to do.,1.5,4.0
Good prof. A bit mundane but its a stat course so kinda of expected. Midterms are hard but the final made up for it. He cares about his students even though he doesn't show it. The course material looks boring but once you study it bit further, you'll enjoy the material.,4.0,3.0
Great notes, lots of examples. Fair tests and final. A nice guy,5.0,1.0
His notes are very helpful and organized. He is really good at explaining and teaching. Very approachable too. He would provide past tests and assignments for references. He also reviews tests. Also, in the beginning of each class, he would do a quick review to help students to keep on track of the materials.,5.0,3.0
Really knowledgeable. Very helpful to students in and out of class. Really nice and a pleasure to have as a prof!,4.5,2.0
The worse prof I ever had. He did not care one bit, taught from slides that made no sense and couldn't even solve the proofs himself. Avoid at all costs!,1.0,5.0
Dry but effective. Friendly and approachable demeanor.,4.0,3.0
A very very annoying course. But he did his level best to make it interesting. Enthusiastic about the topic and gives good notes. If you have to take the course (and it's mandatory) take it with him.,5.0,2.0
soso..but his note is really good!! but no more examples about cars plz!!!,3.0,3.0
Pretty good. Could be more energetic/funny but comparing to most, a very good prof,4.0,2.0
Pretty good explanations especially considering the course materials. Excellent notes!,4.5,2.0
honestly, a very good prof, given the horrible course he has to teach...,5.0,2.0
Very clear, organized notes. Good visual presenter. Some overhead comics wer,4.5,2.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
very patient, ignores snoozes with great tolerance. just the course is hellish,5.0,2.0
Pretty good oral presentation and good explanations for questions,4.0,3.0
good course notes,4.0,4.0
His lectures are fun to attend to since its as if he's story telling. His tests are essay writing but he will tell you about whats going to be on it as early as week #2. The key points to passing his class is to sit around the front row, take notes during his lecture and make sure they're neat AND most importantly, don't miss any lectures or labs!,4.0,4.0
One of the hardest markers I have even seen in my life.,3.0,5.0
I love this guy! He's just plain magic!! He is a good teacher. His lectures are really good. The way he teaches about the various protocols is interesting and easy to remember. Ian is a great teacher, he really knows his stuff. If you walk into his class ready to learn and write a lot, you'll do really well. Ian Allison is an great teacher.,4.5,1.0
Expect google to be your professor. No additional material other then lectures. sure his lectures are different, and makes you laugh at times. but if you have difficulty following the lecture, dont expect any additional help. Lab classes are also fairly useless.,1.5,5.0
Hands down the best lecturer I've ever had. Makes boring and obsolete topics interesting. He's informal and it makes it easier to relate to him. He's a super hard marker and his tests are killer. TAKE NOTES. Write down EVERYTHING he says, as the tests are directly based on the lectures. Essay format, one mark per paragraph.,4.5,5.0
Good teacher, knows his stuff. expects a lot from students come midterm time. expect to write 10 essays in less than 2 hours. No one finishes his midterm. Cool guy, just a hard marker and hard on students. get on his good side and he'll get on yours.,4.5,4.0
Ian is a great teacher, he really knows his stuff. If you walk into his class ready to learn and write a lot, you'll do really well. Study at least a week in advance for both the midterm and the exam as you'll be writing about 45 paragraphs for each. Tests are more of memorization than knowledge, but if you know it, you'll remember it. He's awesome,4.5,5.0
Awesome, especially when it's steak day!,5.0,5.0
Best prof. And by best I mean he is the hardest marking dude around. Despite this, I managed to pass when 75% didn't. He decided to give us an "easy" final in order to get his rating up here on this site while he was away on vacation. I guess he hoped people would think he changed his ways but...he definitely won't. Cheers Ian!,3.5,5.0
The Midterm and Final Exam are both given in essay/question format. Each mark is basically one paragraph on what is lectured weekly. You will need to other students and friends for notes and/or do research on your own. Put in WORK. Do not feel bad if you fail the first time. One of the harder courses in the program, but you will come out a WINNER.,4.0,5.0
Thank you for giving me "B+" after the first "F" I got from you. Thanks Ian ;),3.0,4.0
I love this guy. He's the best. Although he doesn't know whats going he's so cute.,1.0,5.0
This guy is always in a different planet. Perhaps instead of teaching us all he thinks or dreams about his johnny walker. Way to go, professor. See you in the next class after all the Fs you gave me. Thanks i appreciate it. See ya soon.,5.0,1.0
Wants you to memorize information and write essays for your exams. Did not help during labs and even though this is a very important course, you do not learn anything if taking it with this teacher. In my opinion he came **** to every lab class ... very unprofessional.,3.0,4.0
He is a good teacher. His lectures are really good. The way he teaches about the various protocols is interesting and easy to remember. However you need to put hard work else you will fail this course, because his expectation is very high. He is not much helpful in labs. However if you put your effort and learn it you will understand.,3.5,5.0
In the lab his useless. Lectures he know everything no slides.He makes his tests impossible to remember. His older the then the protocols he teaches. Somewhat funny. "When you guys go to party talk about data com stuff the girls will love you." Tests are way to difficult to remember everything he wants. He needs to cut back on the drinking tho.,3.0,5.0
Hard classes, nice prof. Very charismatic and funny. Has a very peculiar way to teach. Usually on his breaks u can spot him at the bar (... Hill) at York Lanes taking beers with Scott.,4.5,5.0
Well after a stop at the blueberry hill and a smoke he will always fill the class with excitement, walking around the class to each student this guy will keep you on your feet. He knows his stuff, the only teacher i have had at Seneca that teaches 100% true without aid, and for people who think you can skip, his basement is already full of scotch!!,3.5,1.0
He is an idol for "old school". I felt like an illiterate during his lectures. Never seen a professor giving a lecture completely from his head without using any visual aid and without a single mistake in technical description. No wonder all other profs tell you go to him for datacom questions.,4.5,4.0
Ian Allison will kick your ass! You will walk into his class soft and leave carved out of wood... ask him to teach you assembly if you're breezing through Datacom.,5.0,5.0
I love this guy! He's just plain magic!! He got the accent that I always wanted and Ya, he's old but he ain't heavy, he's my brother. M,5.0,5.0
This Guy's been teaching me my whole life. He is, and always will be my hero. Brother Mark.,5.0,5.0
Hard teacher,2.0,5.0
What can you say, hes a hard ass, laughs the evil laugh at his students 'ha ha ha ha', and loves to teach. :)'I'm going for a shhhhmoke! ha ha ha ha',5.0,5.0
Ian is very passinate about his class. But you better study or you WILL fail,3.5,4.0
And now the hard part, putting it into the right bin :D ... what a goof,1.0,5.0
Tests are too hard and his lectures don't help at all. Doesn't offer great help when needed.,1.0,5.0
If you take his class you will learna LOT even if you fail. He makes the tests really hard JUST so you push yourself to the limit, he explains very well and will help you with your notes before the tests and exam. TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU WANT TO BE SOMEBODY IN LIFE.,5.0,5.0
Awesome teacher. At first I didn't like him, but he's a really funny guy. His tests aren't all that hard, he gave us the questions to the tests beforehand, you just find the answers and memorize them. Whats so hard about that? Great, great teacher.,4.0,4.0
Ian Allison is an great teacher. He explains things very well, and prepares you for the tests and exams. Just remember to take really good notes, and spend a lot of time preparing for his tests. They're all essay format, and the trick is to work FAST in the exam.,5.0,5.0
He isn't a bad teacher. You just have to pay attention to lectures and be on his good side. if he doesnt like you and your not a good tester your in trouble. If he likes you and your a bad tester you'll pass,2.5,3.0
AS LONG AS YOU STAY ON HIS GOOD SIDE, YOU WILL PASS. HIS TESTS MAY BE HARD MARKED, BUT REMEMBER, IF HE LIKES YOU, YOU WILL PASS EVEN IF YOU GET 60% ON A TEST AND GET A "B" IN THE COURESE. TAKE A MILK BREAK WITH HIM. SCOTCH RULES!!,3.5,3.0
Mr. Allison completely changed my path in life. He encouraged me to pursue my dream of becoming a paleonthology artist despite the fact that he is a computer teacher. Although his accent is somewhat weird and hard to follow, ( is he English?)I think he is a cool guy and feel lucky to have had him as a prof.,4.5,5.0
He is old. We are not.Someday soon he will retire. Then we will pass.,3.5,5.0
Mr. Allison is the best!! C-Bear,5.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
"GROOVY" Thats all that scotish teacher used to say. By far, one of the smartest BUT hardest professors I met. I was an A+ student and I got B in his class, HOWEVER I still learnt alot. I'll give him 7/10.,2.5,5.0
Be prepared just to study 4 only this course if u have any other course + dcn 386 Good luck. Only if u study all day constantly straight other then that there is no hope,2.5,5.0
he is one of the best teachers i ever had in Seneca, smart he knows what he is teaching and makes you understand every thing about data come but his problem is in the tests were he gets you a grooooooooooooooooovy tests asking for 2 pages easy for each question,5.0,3.0
By far the most difficult course I took at Seneca. He is one of the craziest, but smartest teachers I've ever had. He knows his datacom inside out. Loved his "datacom party" analogies. Tests were lenghty but not difficult to pass if you study. Great teacher. Made networking and data communications come to life!,5.0,5.0
Great teacher howevver the tests are ridiculosly hard.,4.0,5.0
MAN..theres nothing bad you can say about this teacher besides him making you learn how to configure the ROOTERS by yourself(which is a good thing in real life).He is really a good teacher that knows his stuff. I still have the exam left to do so its DO or DIE. This class aint for powerpoint LOSERS!,5.0,5.0
HE ROCKS!,5.0,5.0
lol is all what i can say to this guy.. he have excellent way of teaching, easy to way to make you understand the topics on that class. Passing his is like a miracle but yes its possible. Ro00oters all the way! Microsoft, Cisco guy ;),5.0,5.0
you have a problem with pass. take night school no problem,3.0,5.0
who will pass - NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BODY.,1.0,5.0
if you are in this class in jan 2005 you will meet people who started in jan 2004. YOU WILL NOT PASS,1.0,5.0
Possibly the most hard-assed teacher I have EVER had. My god. The man knows his stuff, no doubt about that, but he makes his tests so very difficult you want to strangle him. Also, he doesn't help during the bloody labs. Just TRY and do well in the courses he teaches.,3.0,5.0
knows his stuff but doesn't like to repeat himself but teaches very well a class you go in and even if you failk you learn something.,5.0,5.0
good teacher, but getting marks on tests from him is like pulling teeth,4.0,4.0
He knows his stuff, knowledgeable, enthusiastic about teaching and class materials. However, he lacks the attitude for being a teacher. 20 Pages essay questions for test/exam are impossible to write and therefore NOT it is not a fair test. His way (essay),3.0,5.0
You can learn more from this guy in three periods than you can in the whole night school semester.If you wanna learn about how data com is used in the real world then have him for dcn, if u just want a high mark with no idea what your talking about,night,5.0,3.0
This was the best teacher I've ever had at Seneca. "quadratrature modulation... you! tell me what this means!". he smelled of rum everyday, but he made me interested in boring networking protocols,5.0,3.0
funny guy... ASCII chart... knows his stuff well, tries to make it interesting, HARDEST MARKER THOUGH,4.0,5.0
Honestly, he's a great guy but he's really hard. You have a 90% better chance of passing if you take it in night school. His test are impossible and i never finished one yet including the exam,3.0,5.0
He is the best prof they have. If you dont learn anything from Ian, drop out of networking, your an idiot. Great guy.,4.5,4.0
run away from him take NIGHT SCHOOL instead got A+ in night school after dropping this course in day,1.0,5.0
Knows his stuff...and really enjoys teaching...expects his students to reproduce everything (in two page essay format)...hard work needed to pass the course...neva gives an A...but a fair marker...,2.5,3.0
Good prof, but you have to spend A LOT of time for his class.,5.0,1.0
He is a very hard marker but he care about his students and he knows his stuff inside and out,4.5,4.0
No Comments,4.5,4.0
say what you will, Ya his tests are long to the extreme but he knows his stuff and he's a funny guy.,3.5,5.0
If you failed his class the best thing you can do is TAKE NIGHT SCHOOL. The exam is open NOTES, unlimited ammpunt of notes,2.0,5.0
Have no idea what he is talking about.........,2.0,5.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
His test is full of bull**** essay question and he purposely make a test paper that you cannot complete,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
he teachs little but test a lot! taking his course loses your time and money. The little stuff he taught is useless and will not help you in your carrer.,1.0,5.0
O my god does this guy make hard tests !! I like his milk brakes though !,3.5,5.0
you may hate hime now, but wait till later, you'll thank him now lets have a milk break,5.0,5.0
Learn how to spell jerk, he is not one,5.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
This guys is an a$$ and a half! He knows his stuff, but 3 words, LEARN TO TEACH!,1.0,5.0
didn't have him, but he wrote the exam, hard as hell, 10 essay questions,1.0,5.0
god be prepared to work,3.5,4.0
ON EASINESS I understand. Class 1 he gives assignment 1 then tells us his name,4.0,5.0
So the happy networking guy... Hard marker, wants a ton of info on tests,4.5,4.0
Stop whining I got an A, study and dont flame the prof, geeks,5.0,5.0
Asks for way too much information on a test for one mark!!,2.5,5.0
Very good teacher, explains topics very clearly and makes the class interesting,5.0,5.0
what did we learn today??? AAAAAAL,4.0,4.0
ONE OF THE BEST PROFESSORS IN SENECA COLLEGE. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!,5.0,4.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
this guy is such a d|ck ... him and his stupid essay tests,1.0,5.0
Let's take a milk break!,3.0,5.0
Doesn't believe in giving an 'A', actually, doesn't believe in passing us,2.5,5.0
VERY HARD, DEMONSTRATE YOUR KNOWLEDGE QUESTIONS SUCK!,2.5,5.0
too hard,3.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Very enthusiastic teacher. You'll learn to smoke a lot!,4.5,4.0
I am an A but got a C+. I still like the old Rrrrooooterrrr.,4.5,5.0
There are no A's in Data Comm, but plent of D's,3.0,5.0
Good - but does not know anything about grades over 'D' He tinks D is for Dataco,4.0,4.0
No Comments,2.5,5.0
No Comments,3.0,5.0
No Comments,3.0,5.0
Mean Scottish Rrooter. Nothing worse than a bit error.,2.5,5.0
rm -r ian allison , bet you can't learn that in Data Com,,2.0,5.0
too difficult,3.5,5.0
No Comments,2.5,5.0
No Comments,3.0,5.0
No Comments,4.0,5.0
Good teacher -- but marks VERY hard and unfairly,4.0,5.0
Moodums, Rooters and Bit Errors oh my.,4.5,3.0
Overall he is a good teacher but he makes exams too long and more difficult.,3.0,4.0
allright class. its time for a smoke break,5.0,3.0
great kick ass teacher, you learn a hell of alot in this class,4.5,3.0
He is my favorite Seneca professor. I don't attend the classes because they are asynchronous, but I watched all of his videos to prepare for quizzes, examinations, and labs. Taking notes of the commands will help you achieve a high grade. He also has a great voice and explains the complex material in an easy to comprehend manner.,5.0,4.0
hard marking,1.0,5.0
Made learning Linux fun. Interesting lectures, knows his stuff. Quizzes were a bit tricky but if you studied the material it wasn't a problem. Usually responded to emails within a day.,4.0,3.0
He knows how to teach, his material is well organized into video sections step by step, he puts emphasis on clear communication and uses calendar (halelluja!) Seneca should just let him teach 100% online as his way of online teaching is exemplary and really well executed. Lecture heavy but If you have a bad grade, not his fault. Really nice voice.,5.0,2.0
When I see reviews crying about difficulty, it's not Brian's fault. He gives THE BEST online lectures I've seen in Seneca. He also covers the material with his step-by-step videos for each part of the course. He is enormously approachable and kind but mutual respect has to be shown. Brian will teach you SO MUCH but don't expect the grade for free,5.0,2.0
Just take him very easy grader. If you put a little effort and attend classes or even watch recorded classes syou would pass you just need a little practice with commands. Tests are very easy and interesting. He is the best prof for this course.,5.0,1.0
Really great professor, very dedicated. Patiently answers any questions anybody has. Yes, there are a lot of quizzes, but if you sit through his classes or go through his course videos, it won't be too difficult. He also goes through the answers after each quiz - super helpful, not many professors do that. I'd definitely take him again.,5.0,2.0
One of the best professor i had. Learn a lot from him!,5.0,1.0
Quizzes are hard and every things are matter.,1.0,2.0
Pretty Straight Foward guy, lots of quizzes, tests, and assignments, like probably 2-3 quizzes a week, but normally everything is explained in slides, couldn't really keep up with his lectures, would zone out from time to time, makes the course time consuming, wouldn't really take again,2.0,5.0
Easy to understand and great at explaining things.,5.0,5.0
I don't understand the policy that If u fail the final test although that u did perfectly in everything else, u get an F!!!!,2.0,3.0
It was a great course overall and the professor made Linux look easy rather than making students cram it, practical knowledge was more emphasized.,5.0,4.0
Brian Gray is great. He knows the material very well, he has a wonderful voice and you enjoy listening to his lectures.,5.0,3.0
Knows the material, but is boring to listen to (may be the material's fault). Marks are all subjective, there's no part marks. Doesn't always read his emails properly.,3.0,2.0
Brian Gray is a good lecturer. If you ask question he explains. However, he is rude. He directly does not say bad word to anyone, but his tone of voice prevents you from asking your question.,3.0,4.0
Won't make an effort to show up if he doesn't need to be there for testing. Even if it does happen to be test day, flip a coin if class is cancelled. Even when he is teaching the lecture it is extremely barebones. I think I learned nothing from his course except how to read lab instructions. Super easy course.,1.0,2.0
He is one of the best professors in Seneca for any Linux courses I must say. He evaluates our exam paper in a way to bring perfection in our learning. I really appreciate his feedback.,5.0,3.0
He is horrible,1.0,5.0
Before him I was taking at least 3 online courses, but Brian's explanation was the best. You have to put some effort into Assignments and do them again and again and you'll definitely pass.,5.0,2.0
He's the best prof for ULI101.,5.0,3.0
Before this class I was taking some online courses on Udemy and other online platforms. These online courses are suck. Brians explanation is so well, so I was following all material and ideas. Of course youd better to practice with online assignments multiple times to get the logic and syntax of the commands. Take some extra time and youll pass.,5.0,3.0
He was an awesome teacher. He was extremely thorough with everything. Once you show up to class and he sees you try then you pass easily,5.0,3.0
Great professor... know linux language as great as he any body can. But hes not going to help u to do stuff u have to be very active in his class. Great home of knowledge.,4.0,4.0
How could I describe this professor, who is just so admirable, passionate and caring person ever. It is a doubt that the rate of Brian Gray is this low, while my skepticism is towards those students who miserably failed the course and rate him poorly in revenge. He teaches ULI101 and goes into detail every lecture and you won't regret taking him,5.0,5.0
Overall Good Professor ..!,4.0,4.0
He is usually very thorough and very clear in his lectures. Dont expect to pass if u miss class, the content is just so important. He does show live examples on linux of the commands he is teaching. Quizes and tests are hard but if u practice from questions he did in class and from the labs, you will be fine. Able to answer questions very thorough,4.0,4.0
You need to pay attention, throughout the entire class to know whats going on and keep up with the class. Assignments are a big help to understand whats happening. Quizzes are almost weekly so be prepared.,4.0,4.0
He is good enough. If you ask he gives you the clear answer.,5.0,3.0
I was amazed how Brian could manage layering the levels of difficulties in Bash programming. My best teacher so far,5.0,4.0
Brian Gray is an amazing professor at Seneca, but he's a tough grader and he wants you to answer the question in his way. Brian's midterm is ridiculously hard compared to the final. All in all, I'd 100% take Brian again, he prepares you very well for later.,5.0,4.0
if you want to learn don't take his class . he is just talking and writing on the board . never tried practical .,2.0,5.0
Do not take hos class if you like to get things done in the last minuets.,1.0,1.0
Def the 2nd worse teacher I had. His lectures are 40min long, give or take. Doesnt go over the same thing again. You have to study by yourself if you want to pass. Quizzes are, his way or no other way, and he wont tell what his way is.,1.0,5.0
Very tough grader. In quizzes he doesn't specify what kind of command he wants, and gives no marks if you do it correctly but it's not what he wanted. His classes are also very short. He doesn't do much demonstration of commands. It's very hard to know/ remember stuff if you don't do a lot of extra studying yourself. He is a very difficult person.,1.0,5.0
Very tough grader, and not very helpful. If you need help in his class odds are you will not get any. Does not clarify what is expected of the student,2.0,5.0
Very good prof, but very hard marker. Won't get any part marks even if you missed a / or a period. Expect quizzes every week but you get 2 attempts per quiz; marks and takes up the quiz within 5min after handing it in LOL. Easy to get an A but you gotta study/practice your commands.,5.0,4.0
Brian Gray was by a long shot one of the best prof's of my semester. He seriously knows his linux. I would highly recommend his class for anyone looking to learn Linux.,4.5,4.0
He seems like a very nice person, but makes you feel like an idiot when you ask a question. He is impatient, and his tests are insanely difficult. If you make one small mistake, even a "typo" (you write his tests by hand) he docks the entire mark. There are no part marks. The lab assignments are insanely picky, you have to use the command he wants.,2.0,5.0
This guy is a very strict grader. He just comes to class and lectures for 10-15 mins and he either sit or walk out of the classplus most of the time he comes 20-50 mins lateand cancel classes often. If u want to pass and really know this course don''t take him.,1.0,5.0
outstanding guy, likes to joke, plays league of legends (the best game duhhh). wishes he was better at counter-strikes (LOLs) , his assignments are mindblowing. tests are fair.,4.0,3.0
Amazing teacher! Knows his job very well. Good explanation and helpfullness!,5.0,1.0
He knows his stuff. A real good source to ask questions when he has time, otherwise can be really impatient. I really enjoyed his class and lectures. He is very serious in his job and he expects you to work hard and learn your things, then ask questions.,4.5,3.0
say you have two choice, take this man in OPS or do it next semester. I will advise u to do it next sem. Never take him. He is here to fail us. He is so stubborn, so arrogant, absolutely non cooperative and non discipline, he will do his best to make your life hard, there is no rule for him to follow, he wants us to follow all the rules, never ex,1.0,5.0
NOT easy course int420 and this teacher makes it even harder.. He likes to lecture the way he wants, which is not helpful for students. There is no discussion even though there should be. You have to be on your own or get help from other students. Tests are hard and project is even harder. he thinks we are all programmers and know programming.,2.5,5.0
Due to his own and server failures, the students will suffer with their grades... The prof won't compromise at all even though it is clear as day, he should.,1.5,4.0
No nonsense teacher. Passing is possible only if you keep up with the material and not miss early classes. Very thorough lectures but tricky projects and exam. Learned a lot in his class.,4.5,4.0
Does not lecture. Mid term is to hard. How you suppose to learn anything with someone who gave up on teaching.,1.0,5.0
Very hard marker, no part marks. He treats everyone the same, no favouritism. If you put in hard work, you will do fine, else you will fail.,3.0,4.0
He is a VERY hard and VERY Picky marker. If you miss a / somewhere you will lose the mark. With that in mind he is a very clear lecturer and explains stuff well. If you understand the material than you will get a great mark. If you are a fringe student who usually passes by BSing way through tests you wont pass.,4.5,5.0
Awesome teacher!!! Knows his stuff. I love Brian. Highly recommend. Got B. Thanks Brian.,3.5,5.0
Horrible Professor. He doesn't care about you or your marks. He is hard till midterm. Then he gets easy so people don't drop out. Then finally on the exam he pounds you.,1.5,5.0
It seems and has been said that he knows a lot about what he teaches. however, he's not good at teaching. may be a good person, but definitely not a good teacher. most of the student have hard time and get low grades in his class... try it yourself if you dont belive,3.0,5.0
worst class I've ever taken with this PIG,1.0,3.0
worst computer class that i have ever taken!!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Mr. Santa Claus; never brought us any presents. Worst teacher, never marked easy, enjoys failing students. Never teach and gives attitude when you ask for help. Failed 95%+ of the class. U get it? Don't waste ur time, effort and money on this jerk!,1.0,5.0
Worst prof in the world! Doesn't teach jack, all he does is come in to class sits down and surf the web about his SMART car and looks for junk on ebay. Will not help students with probs, any course you take with him is guaranteed to be a low mark or fail! Deserves to be fired. Even Lab assistants are more useful than him.,1.0,4.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
He does actually know everything about the course he teaches, but he can't teach very well. always uses technical terms instead of trying to explain everything thoroughly. didn't understand much in his class,2.5,4.0
I don t understan his lectures. Too mjch info at a time, not enough time to prepare the assignments.,1.5,5.0
Excellent Teacher! Good at explaining things, takes the time to teach it to you,4.5,2.0
Very Hard. Dead on resemblance to a pear!,2.0,4.0
Good guy, knows his stuff@!!!,2.0,3.0
BBB, aka santa clause, hard teacher but a good one.,4.5,4.0
knows his stuff, can be boring at times, needs to make teaching more interesting,3.5,3.0
Very good teacher. I got A,5.0,1.0
good teacher kind of hard though,4.0,2.0
No Comments,4.5,5.0
great techer,5.0,5.0
I had him for first year, and I thought he was a decent lecturer. But as the years went by, I realized that he did not prepare me well. There's a difference between getting through a course, and then getting you ready for the next course. I wish he would have taught a deeper understanding of the concepts versus making everything easy.,2.0,2.0
Ian is a really nice guy. But he only touches the surface of each concept. When you ask for more details, he doesn't know them. That's good for those who just want to pass the course, since he teaches easy and has great lectures. He tries to avoid tougher questions and does not follow up, but expects you to read up on it yourself.,2.0,3.0
Really amazing prof. Didn't like the course too much but he was great.,5.0,3.0
Ian is just great! The best professor I've had. Very clear, organized and engaging.,5.0,1.0
What I like most about Vanderburgh is that he explains everything very clearly while also keeping the interest of students who know the material. He's funny, very intelligent and makes it a joy to be in class. Also, even though he's a busy guy, he's always helpful if you ask. Absolutely the best prof I have.,5.0,1.0
One of my favourite prof!,5.0,1.0
He was our substitute teacher for a couple of math137 lectures, and he was awesome, as always. I actually chose to come to UW partially because of him! I was in a week long math seminar at uw during grade 12 and luckily had him as our lecturer. That's how good he is!!,5.0,2.0
The side-effect of having Ian as a first-year course prof is that I am now forever comparing other profs to him and none is even remotely comparable (well, perhaps with the exception of Joe West). Also, he seems to be an all-around accomplished guy. Hell, he plays piano for our school choir and runs marathon annually, what else can he NOT do?,5.0,3.0
Just awesome, period!,5.0,3.0
He is one of the best profs in u of w I think. I have taken math 135 and Pmath 340 with him. His class was very interesting and not very hard to follow. I strongly suggest him to be your first Math 135 prof if you are a new math students in u of w.,5.0,3.0
BEST PROF EVER!!!,5.0,1.0
One of a kind!,5.0,1.0
Absolutely amazing professor. If you can take any course with him, DO IT.,5.0,2.0
What else can I say? Read all his "fans'" comments, they're all true. :) GO TO HIS CLASS!!!! I was inspired to go to his 8:30am class just to hear lecture!! Teaches BETTER than the textbook--no need to buy course material as long as you attend all his lectures! He's SO friendly, and will know your name--such a young course coordinator!(only 30!),5.0,2.0
Ian is my GOD!! Not going to his classes should definitely be a crime! He was so nice and helpful. When our class clapped when he told us he was engaged he blushed, funniest thing ever. I think we should work on cloning Ian multiple times to teach all math classes!!,5.0,3.0
Ian was by far the best professor I had this semester. He is extremely knowledgeable, really teaches the material well, and he's pretty funny at times. I actually really enjoyed the class just because of how great of a prof Ian was. I would definitely recommend his classes,5.0,2.0
his class is the only class i even consider going to at 8:30 in the morning... although i still fail at waking up....,5.0,2.0
Everyone was saying how great of a prof. he was but I didn't know until I took this class... and yeah, definitely one of the best!,5.0,3.0
Ian is absolutely wonderful! He's really patient with questions... if you have the slightest chance to take his class, take it! It's well worth the extra work!,5.0,3.0
The only prof Ive had who made the class so interesting, I would have rather gone to class than teach it to myself! Amazing people skills.,5.0,2.0
Damn good.,5.0,2.0
The VanderBurgh effect: students want to wake-up and get to class early for an 8:30am section... need I say more?,5.0,3.0
Possibly the GOD of MATH 135 (the only onr of his classes that i've been to) - Absolutely hilarious, makes algebra super easy, classe are fun to go to.,5.0,2.0
The most incredible prof on this campus! =),5.0,3.0
Absolutely awesome! :),5.0,3.0
By the Principle of Ian VanderBurgh....need I say more? This man is the bomb!,5.0,3.0
yeyeye,5.0,2.0
I wasnt even in his class but went to EVERY lecture of his! and so did a lot of ppl! So many ppl attended his lectures that ppl ended up on the floor or in the hall! Every1 knows he is an amazing prof. He explains everything so well, SO funny, & amazingly smart! He does 735^39 and long division in his head! Overall, he made my term! Best prof EVER,5.0,2.0
not a student of his class, but attended his tutorials every once in a while, he explains theories clearly and makes laughable jokes every once in a while,5.0,2.0
He's the best!,5.0,2.0
I wish I could wake up early enough to go to his class! I only have him for tutorials and that's the only reason why I go to them. He makes everything so clear and understandable.,5.0,1.0
quality.. if only i can wake up at 7:30 so i get there with a seat... and if only i could wake up in time for the class..,5.0,2.0
Ian vanderburgh is the greatest professor to ever teach anywhere, anytime. He's helpful, and makes everything so clear. he's a huge nerd but that's all part of his charm. This was my favourite class taken to date!,5.0,1.0
wow...great prof,5.0,1.0
excellent , simply superb,5.0,1.0
very good prof.....and also a handsome, funny guy~~~worth to take his lecture~~~,5.0,2.0
Best Teacher I've ever had although I wasn't actually supposed to be in his class. Too good.,5.0,3.0
Tries to be funny at times, but the lameness of the course detracts anything and everything from his efforts.,3.0,3.0
very interesting lectures.....what a clever man,5.0,1.0
ya we should make a facebook group about him...cant let Larry Smith of econ take all fame XD,4.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
he is way too good...very clear and helpful... no wonder he's the couse coordinator, and he's not even tat old, so ya, great accomplishment... i love going to his lectures, even tho i'm not supposed to go to his section... and he knows people's names! tat's so amazing, especially when his classes are always so huge... great prof, great person...,5.0,3.0
HE IS SO GOOD. Even thou he is not my prof, I go to his lectures instead of Uldis Celmins'. He is the man.,5.0,2.0
He is funny,5.0,4.0
He's def. one of the best profs i've ever had. His class was at like 8:30 in the morning and there were always ppl sitting on the stairs even after we moved to a bigger classroom... Honestly I didn't pay much attention in class, but his notes helped a lot when it came to final and midterms.,5.0,3.0
great prof! really good lectures :),5.0,2.0
Should win an award for being so kind and friendly! His lectures wake me up in the morning! Ian is what all professors in all courses should strive to be!,5.0,2.0
The greatest pro I never seen. Cute guy!,5.0,2.0
one of the best profs and teachers ive ever seen, talented and has a sense of humour. He is the coach of UW olympic team, which is really a remarkable achievement considering his age.,5.0,2.0
he's such a great prof!!,5.0,2.0
taken two classes with him! he rocks! basically he makes me hate other profs...he's incomparable!,5.0,3.0
yo! he was THE best teacher! i used to have a different algebra teacher, but i switched into his class cuz he was the one in the tutorials and it was so easy to get what he was saying! awesome! the only thing that was slightly weird was when he'd wear shorts--it was wintertime! but he's funny anda good teacher, so its all good,5.0,3.0
such an amazing prof! this guy's a genius and hilarious! he literally remembers everyone's names. makes the course so easy to understand, everything on the midterms/final were fair game, if you kept up with the work that is. He also sends Problem of the Day via email to his class. I'd definately take his class again,5.0,4.0
If i could marry him, i wud .....he is sooooo good and he makes every problem SO EASY it is not even funny !!! ANYWAY he is the best and i will MISS HIMM,5.0,3.0
Amazing math professor!! He knows exactly how to explain things so students understand! His classes are always full, so get there early!!,5.0,1.0
He was by the best math prof in my first year... If you dont understand what he says and you're a math major, switch majors cause his explanations can't get any better... Very helpful, he remembers your name too. Also, hes very funny.,5.0,2.0
Amazing proff. I went to class an hour earlier to go to his lecture. He knows his stuff. Great guy. Very nice.,5.0,3.0
Simply the best math prof. in waterloo..!,5.0,1.0
simply the best professor Ive ever had. our classroom is always full cuz people from other sections come to our class. strongly recommended.,5.0,3.0
Definitely the best math professor i have seen so far. He is simply awesomeeeeee...!,5.0,1.0
SO HOT!,5.0,4.0
go get your schedule switched so that you have him as a teacher. Best prof ever. Really helpful, and funny.,5.0,4.0
He was a great lecturer and professor, but I was just an idiot and skipped lots of classes! Don't skip classes!,5.0,1.0
the best prof ever! show me at least one student who doesn't love him! his lectures are ALWAYS so full that people come to lectures early in order to get a spot! Awesome teacher! Good job Ian!,5.0,2.0
nice,5.0,1.0
love him. great guy.,4.5,2.0
Great Teacher. The best in Waterloo.,5.0,3.0
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWESOME,5.0,1.0
He is the best prof I ever have. He really concerns about his students and teaching. Clear notes and lectures. He teaches tutorials by himself.,5.0,2.0
he is THE BEST prof in the school, period. very helpful, make good math jokes. only prof i know who has class where students were standing just to try to learn the material (seats all full).,5.0,4.0
I got respect for this prof. Very clear and concise lectures. Excellent job. Marks fair enough for first year mathematics. Take his courses if you get the chance.,5.0,2.0
Even though I am not supposed to be in his section, I attend his class anyway because he is simply a great professor. Clear explanations, great examples, always hold review session before midterms and final, smile and has a sense of humour. Good job Ian! Hopefully I get his class again.,5.0,1.0
WHAT A HOTTIE HEHEHEHEHEHE,5.0,3.0
AMAZING!!!,5.0,1.0
Best Teacher EVER!,5.0,1.0
By far among the few of the best first year lecturers in Mathematics. Very good at teaching and is easy to talk to. And he remembers your name!,5.0,1.0
amazing prof, always helpful, explains everthing amazingly, (i know that's not a word), uses great exampels, and has a math sense of humor, what ever that means,5.0,2.0
Awesome awesome prof! Very nice and very helpful.,5.0,3.0
Ian is the best prof ever, helped me out soo much in M135 for the exam, excellent.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Any prof who can get 150% attendance at 8:30 in the morning deservves the highest rating possible. Knows me by name, despite the fact I've only attended about 5 lectures. Brilliant. Review sessions are a lifesaver.,5.0,2.0
The best prof I've had at UW! Cares about the students and explains concepts in an easy-to-understand way. Funny and enthusiastic! He cares enough about his students to have review sessions before exams! GOOD JOB!,4.0,2.0
Excellent excellent prof. Easy-going and humourous, and is one of the very few profs who actually try to make the lectures interesting for students. Waking up 2 hours earlier is definitely worth it. Go IAN!,5.0,2.0
Better then other math 135 proffs.,5.0,1.0
Awesome, awesome professor! Excellent!,5.0,2.0
do not take any advanced course from Ian,2.0,1.0
The best prof ever. Explains everything very well. Makes the class very enjoyable. The only math class which I really enjoyed. The only prof who knew me even by my last name (which is really hard). Very good pianist too :),5.0,1.0
He is the best ever prof I have ever had. He so extremely intelligent yet he explains in the way ordinary students can understand clearly. He provides a lot of help outside class. He cares, and he is super in teaching! He's crazily talented in music too!,5.0,1.0
good for basics - dilutes the advanced course to fit his easy going style,2.0,2.0
This guy only good at surface explaination: examples. Cannot blame on him, he is not PHD level yet,1.0,5.0
Best prof for linear algebra course - not for calc though. He explains his stuff from a students perspective which is so much easier to comprehend. Prepares you well for the exam. Long live the review sessions.,5.0,1.0
Vanderburgh is the best math prof in all of UW! He is insanely smart (can do extremely complex calculations in his head with scarey accuracy). He really CARES about his students! I only wish that he taught ACTSCI . . .,5.0,1.0
an ok teacher ... not good for deep understanding of subject,3.0,3.0
Best Professor Ever!!!!! He's took time and got now his students personally. only prof that knew me by name. Always smiling and willing to help. I absolutely loved him and his class.,5.0,2.0
I don't see why so many of my fellow classmates think that his lessons were so *easy* to comprehend..He's an **extremely** caring, and *very helpful* teacher; his lessons aren't like tofu, though they are quite good, in retrospect.,4.5,3.0
EXCELLENT prof EVER. He rocks!,5.0,2.0
The Best Prof!! He does so much for his students. He's always in his office to help, he has an e-mail list for his students, and a little website for extra proofs/examples/clarifications, though hardly any are needed since his lectures are _crystal_ clear,5.0,1.0
Explains complex concepts so clearly that anybody can understand them. Very helpful in and out of class. There's no wonder he got a Distinguished Professor award.,5.0,2.0
he is the best prof. i had this term,5.0,2.0
Very nice prof, easy to understand. Go to his class and you'll get a higher mark! He remembers everyone's name! I don't know how he does it...,5.0,1.0
Best. Prof. Ever. Thanks a lot!,5.0,2.0
I sat in on Mr V's class instead of goingto my own because he's a great teacher. He makes al the concepts seem very easy, and his class scored 10% higher than the class i should have been in on the midterm.,5.0,1.0
easy lecture!!,4.0,2.0
Excellent approach to teaching. Says stuff like: you might not get this...this is the hardest thing to understand...don't worry about this, it won't be on the exam, etc.,5.0,2.0
he's fantastic. best prof i've ever had.,5.0,1.0
He is funny and organized overall one of the best profs i've had,5.0,1.0
THEEE BEST!!!!!,5.0,3.0
Best prof there is.,5.0,1.0
Yeah, he's enthusiastic about math...but that's all he seems to be enthusiastic about! He insists he's normal though!,5.0,3.0
This prof is by far one of the best I've had. I didn't realize just how fun linear algebra could be. Awesome!!,5.0,1.0
I had him for both 135 and 235. AWESOME lectures, well worth going (it was ALWAYS packed in there). Everything made perfect sense, though the final exams had unexpectedly low marks. This guy needs some kind of award.,5.0,2.0
best prof ever~ he's really funny in class and explains thing very clearly in lectures.,4.5,2.0
Excellent teaching quality, enthusiasm, and knowledge of course material, and beyond course material. Consistent explanations, and logical progressions on the board during lectures. Inspires a sense of fun, in mathematics,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
He's a good prof. Explain stuff well, good voice, not boring. However I don't agree with people who say he's REALLY nice. He is not when it comes to 1-1 interaction. But still, his lectures are worth attending.,4.5,2.0
He's one of the best profs on campus. Profs should take pointers from this guy. Actually made linear algebra fun. Had a blast!!,5.0,1.0
He just looks like a university student. Everyone expects to go his class.Hope to take his class again!,5.0,1.0
He is so nice and responsible.....He is the best Math prof in waterloo!!!!!!!!!,5.0,1.0
Gotta LOVE Ian! His lectures are so clear, algebra actually makes sense!,5.0,3.0
Ian is an example of what all profs should strive for. He's extremely knowledgeable and his lectures are always clear. Going to class is simply a pleasure. If you ever see him on your timetable, jump for joy!,5.0,1.0
very helpful prof, he knows his stuff! Don't miss his review session!,5.0,2.0
He's a great teacher!! and funny, too^^,5.0,1.0
Ian is so wonderful!!He's very interesting prof, and makes lectures to enjoyable! He's the best in terms of the clarity in teaching, sense of humour, and interaction with class!!,5.0,2.0
Ian is friendly and actually remembers who you are years down the road. Ask him to play the piano!,5.0,1.0
He's the best prof in the faculty!,4.0,2.0
He's so good! Algebra's actually easy, thanks to Ian.. =),5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Best math teacher in waterloo,5.0,1.0
The guy should be cloned. Really good.,5.0,3.0
He'll sent you a Happy New Year e-mail, see how nice he is!!!,5.0,2.0
The best Math teacher in Waterloo!,5.0,3.0
he vanderRocks... =),5.0,2.0
He's very helpful and friendly. He is the best teacher I've ever had!!!,5.0,3.0
Big E is the man!!! He is wicked smart and his contests help business deferrals.,5.0,1.0
Oh yeah, how can we pass without him?,5.0,3.0
Great Prof. Knows his students. Very helpful.,5.0,1.0
he's awesome man, best math prof out there,5.0,3.0
Great prof, really cares about student. Excellent explanations and lectures.,5.0,2.0
Absolutely wonderful -- excellent explanations & interesting classes,5.0,4.0
Excellent teacher! Explains very well, and speed is perfect. Join his class fast,5.0,2.0
slow lectures, very picky on exams, smart, should be teaching math 999, not 235,5.0,1.0
Most helpful teacer I've had,5.0,2.0
genius!!! his classes are always packed so bring your own chair :) great prof!,5.0,3.0
The best teacher ever. He will even help you in the classes he doesnt teach.,5.0,1.0
Great prof. Wish I had him for my other math classes.,4.5,2.0
He can do any calcuation in his head !!,4.0,2.0
The only way I'm taking calc 3 is if he's teaching it in the fall.,5.0,2.0
xcellent prof n a good guy!,4.5,1.0
The BEST out there,5.0,2.0
Very good teacher. Enthusiastic, fun, and clear.,5.0,2.0
He's all about the proofs, but he's cool, great teaching style. KEEP IT UP!!!!!!,5.0,4.0
wicked proff!,5.0,3.0
tke this guy in the winter term, coz he handles it then and makes it alot easier,5.0,3.0
Good lectures, kind of a geek.(prime factorizes numbers while jogging) Good prof,5.0,1.0
He increased my Calculus mark by 10 percent just with the review sessions!,5.0,2.0
Is far more enthusiastic and eager to teach than ANY of the tenured profs.,5.0,2.0
Great guy...great friend....loves to teach,5.0,1.0
great proff,5.0,3.0
BEST prof I've ever known...compare to Kannapan, Morland -- can u guys teach?,5.0,1.0
He's a very understanding prof that knows how students think,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
A great prof! GO to his lectures even if you're not in his class. U won't regret,5.0,1.0
You wish he taught every math course you ever had to take - AMAZING PROF!!!!!,5.0,1.0
held tutorials for exams when he wasn't even teaching that subject,3.0,3.0
he's hot man!,5.0,2.0
He teaches well, but what's best about him are his enthusiasm and helpfulness.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Brains with good looks :),5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
One of the best profs I have ever had. Makes class fun and interesting.,5.0,2.0
Ian is the best . . . he obviously loves what he does!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
This is the best, most enthusiastic and devoted to his jod teacher!,5.0,3.0
what can i say......Ian, you are the best1!,5.0,2.0
Amazing prof-- best wake up call...can't believe he's only 24!!!!,5.0,2.0
His teaching skills are on the far right of the bell curve - amazing professor,5.0,1.0
Undoubtedly the best Prof in the school, he holds amazing review sessions,5.0,2.0
Great prof. Very smart and helpful,5.0,3.0
Runs the tutorials himself, and helps with other courses, too! Just incredible!,5.0,2.0
helps you find a seat when you come late, voluntarily marks tests, always funny!,5.0,1.0
Any amazing professor. The kind of professor that actually cares about teaching,5.0,3.0
He's the best.... million times better than ****mings,4.5,2.0
Very enthusiastic and helpful.,5.0,2.0
I look foward to going to his class, MATH 137 with Kannapan on the other hand.,5.0,2.0
Was a great prof: tried very hard to help us learn...good sense of humour.,5.0,2.0
for someone who hates calc, this guy is the best!!,5.0,3.0
This guy is the best!,5.0,3.0
Calculus will never be the same w/out him,5.0,2.0
He's so dreamy :),5.0,1.0
Amazing teacher, I would recommend him.,5.0,4.0
I took his fitness and conditioning class completely frightened of being yelled at and such, but it was completely the opposite! Les is such a kind professor, slightly traditional, but super motivating. He helps create a "running culture" for the entire class and I've really enjoyed my time in his class. It's actually my favourite.,5.0,3.0
Les is a relatable prof who you can speak to at any time about anything. He challenges you in your schooling, but also in your daily life. He's rememberable and you always take something away from his class each day.,5.0,3.0
Les is a unique professor that veers away from traditional textbook learning and immerses his students with engaging discussion. His views on holistic wellness are a great example to live your life by. Only con is that the final exam is worth a ton on textbook material that we hardly covered in class. He needs to tie up the evaluation a bit.,5.0,3.0
Les is honestly the most motivational man I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. He is tough but he pushes you to be your best. In the running class he is supportive and fair and basis marks off of your attitude. In his lecture, if you put in the work Les makes sure you are rewarded. Great teacher! Highly recommended!!!,5.0,3.0
so helpful, especially for international students. simply, the best.,5.0,1.0
learning is done in Les's class not through rote memorization or boring lectures but through experience, thought provoking excersise and real life down to earth examples that Les brings in from all areas. Amazing prof whose classes will change you for the better!,5.0,2.0
Great prof! Very Passionate, enthusiastic, motivated, outgoing and experienced. He knows what he's talking about. Grades are determined based on your performance, attitude and effort. Highly recommended !,5.0,2.0
No structure. Every class i've taken with Les has been a struggle to get through. All I had in my notes from lectures were his favorite quotes he told us to write down. Needs to TEACH, not PREACH. Every semester during the last week of class he hits us with 15 chapters we didn't cover which are on the exam. Went to 30% of classes and got an A,1.5,1.0
This man has a giant heart, he is very passionate about what he does. Good teacher, makes me feel like a bad person!,3.5,1.0
His assignments were good an insightful, but they were worth pretty much nothing. The final exam was worth a whopping 40% and had absolutely nothing to do with what he said in class. The final is only from the textbook - and it is a very tough and long exam. You pretty much have to memorize every chapter in order to do well.,1.5,4.0
EXCELLENT teacher. He knows his material, and is always pure and good to all his students. I admire all his beliefs and practices. He is a healthy man, and inspiring to all students. I would definelty recommend taking one of his classes, as you will find out for yourself how great of a person he is. There is not many people like him, and I love him,5.0,3.0
the most enriching man i know whos passionate and creates a culture of wellness in everyone he meets. gets to know all of his students individually and is a strong inspiration to all the teams in the athletics department. love the man!,4.0,4.0
just an amazin person...makes u think twice about what u throw into ur body thurs nights at the foundary, his tests arent alot on lecture.but this is by far the best class ive ever taken...cant wait to take another one:D,4.0,1.0
3rd class now with Les. Such a class act! Such a unique and passionate individual. I think he should rule the world.,4.5,2.0
Awesome teacher, so passionate about what he teaches. Makes me want to be a healthier, better person. I would recommend any class with Les,4.0,3.0
Les is the reason why I am a healthy indavudual and not diabetic and 400 pounds. He changed my life with his passion towards health and wellness. I own my life to this man and he is the reason why I am going to be a teacher to do the same for other students. Take any of his classes, you will never, ever, regret it.,5.0,4.0
Les is full of passionate energy and has a uncanny nack for getting his students to really become involved in the world of Physical Education. My only problem with Les is, he is very unclear in his teaching style. I recommend that you enroll in his running class, you will not regret it!,3.5,3.0
An Inspiring Teacher! Les is one in a million.,5.0,3.0
Les is a really nice guy and was a nice change to have from all the other ED courses,4.0,2.0
His testing style does not reflect course content. Basically memorize definitions and percentages from the text and you'll do great. This makes no sense as this isn't learning. He would rather you memorize useless numbers rather than key conecepts!,3.0,2.0
Les is great and he knows his stuff- fun class,4.0,1.0
awesome,5.0,1.0
he's a nice guy, gets off topic sometimes but he's not bad.,2.5,2.0
What a motivational person! His positive attitude is a breath of fresh air, and he really cares about his students, he is out for everyone to succeed, you just have to apply yourself.,5.0,3.0
He is favourite teacher at Mal-U. He might not have all the answers but when it comes to things that he knows, he teaches very well. If he mentions it in class, you will remember it - for life! He's very passionate about his job and thus, make the course very fun to take. I would definite take another one of his courses!!,5.0,1.0
This guy is a quack! Everything is a "powerful process" according to him but nothing he says is relevant. He blabs on about studies..i wonder how old some of them are? The benefits of echinacea...in july a study came out saying that it doesn't work...maybe he should be telling us about that study!,2.0,3.0
He seems like a very nice guy but he doesn't lecture course material he just goes on about himself..I hate to see what the midterm will be like..probably a lot of guessing as to what will be on it. Assignments a little strange as well..sit for 8 hrs and think about your life like we have enough time,3.5,3.0
Hes HAwt,5.0,1.0
AWESOME Instructor, Best instructor I have had at Malaspina. Teaches so much and is very interested in every student. Easy to talk to, looks out for everyone.,5.0,1.0
Awesome, awesome, awesome. Inspiring, intense, passionate, intelligent. He instills positivity, and thought in his students. The Wellness class should be madatory for all students, what you take from the class will serve you in your entire life. A valuable class, and the best I've taken.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
Les is very inspiring and real. He has made me want to look after my health better.,5.0,3.0
sooooo passionate. i wish the tests reflected the class more though. but needless to say i learned a ton from les and he made me want to adopt a healthier lifestyle,3.0,3.0
This guy will say hello to you anywhere and i believe he is one of the nicest guys around. extremely passionate, knows his material and is a pleasure to be his student,5.0,2.0
fitness nazi, but an awesome teacher, and good guy,4.5,3.0
One of the best profs in the province. Know the material well, enthusiastic and an all round excellent educator.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
Wow, amazing passion for his subject!! I have never seen someone pack 3 hrs worth of lecture into 1.5hr every class! Jot this down! Les great...but be warned you are gonna feel guilty if you ever dare to eat a chocolate bar after taking this class!!!!,5.0,2.0
True love for subject, however test is based on the book and not his preaching.,3.5,2.0
So inspirational. Puts his all into his class and his students,5.0,2.0
He makes his lectures as exciting as possible, but keeps you till the last min.,4.5,3.0
Loves his job,3.5,3.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
Really into what he is doing sometimes too much!,2.5,3.0
POWERFUL!!!!,5.0,2.0
Great Teacher. Practices what he Preaches.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
very enthusiastic, and motivational,5.0,2.0
Very supportive,4.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Best teacher I ever met. Patient, kind, encouraging till I caught up, then inspiring, w/high expectations. Brought out all our different strengths, while always helping us improve. Amazing readings every class.Studying w/Tim was a high point of my life.The ribs creak & strain with the love. & poems come. Class was a great joy to me.,5.0,4.0
Professor Seibles is a true gem. I took an intro Creative Writing class just for kicks with him in 2001, and graduated with a degree in English in 2004. That was definitely not my plan when I started at ODU. I specifically sought out and took every class I could with him - 4 or 5. I follow him to this day, he is the Poet Laureate of Virginia!,5.0,4.0
I know everyone thinks Siebels is some kind of poetry God,but as an older student, while an easy teacher, I found him to be a narcissistreads too much of his own stuff, smiles like a phony and knows hes good looking. Do the readings, come to class,participate, and youll get an A.,2.0,2.0
Professor Seibles is a very well respected professor. I enjoyed taking his 112 ENG class! He made the class very interesting by reciting various poems, some that he wrote. Also, he encourages participation at all times, it essential to your grade! Participation was fun and I enjoyed listening to the other students point of views as well. Read!,5.0,4.0
Professor Seibles is an amazing professor a published poet and awesome teacher. He gets down to our level he understands were students love to share his poem with the class no tests just weekly reading which is fairly easy. Had three assignments very forgiving lets you rewrite mid term. Gives great feedback and enjoyable class I highly recommend.,5.0,1.0
Professor Seibles is one of my favorite professors at ODU. He emphasizes that he wants you to pass his class with an A. He just wants you to participate in the class discussions and really read and keep an open mind when reading. He understands that not everyone is an English major and reads and writes like one. He is a very conscientious grader.,5.0,2.0
It's true when they say his class is like a black history class. He really just wants you to think for yourself. Overall a good class,4.0,3.0
Dr. Seibles was actually my favorite professor I've had so far at Old Dominion. The class requires a lot of reading from a giant book with small text but as long as you read you should be okay. There are quite a few short papers and quizzes but like I said, if you keep up with the reading your grade should reflect that. He's very big on participation and he likes to hear the ideas of everyone in class. He definitely tries to keep and open mind and seeks to understand the ideas of others. I would recommend taking Seibles over some of the other English professors I've come across so far.,3.0,3.0
Seibles is amazing. He is a wonderful poet and he wants his students to grow and be successful. He is also very humorous and has such a kind soul. I wish I could take every literature class with him. MAKE SURE you do the readings weekly though because class discussion is a big chunk of your grade & there are pop quizzes (quizzes are very easy).,5.0,1.0
Professor Seibles is fantastic. He is an amazing poet and really helps you to improve your writing skills. He knows we are students, so he doesn't expect perfection, but he does expect a basic knowledge of proper punctuation and sentence structure (you are in college after all). I highly recommend him if you are interested in being a writer!,5.0,1.0
Seibles is fantastic. He understands rhythm and words like no other professor can explain. The way he speaks helped me visualize patterns and the effects of word and line length. Where other professors are technical, Seibles knows how to get to the primal understanding of language.,5.0,1.0
Tim is the best! He is an awesome teacher, who keeps his students interest at every turn. He is wonderful! He is hot.,5.0,2.0
He can toss his can of chili around with the best of them,4.5,4.0
Seibles is the poetry man! If you enjoy a teacher with real passion for the subject and creative assignments then take him. He loves to compare poetry to jazz and will make a class go outside to write. Anyone who says a 50 plus year old man can't be sexy obviously has not heard him out-loud. His voice can melt hearts (cliche, I know).,4.5,1.0
Tim is awesome! I would not be where I am today if it were not for his wonderful teaching and expertise.,5.0,2.0
If you are a Creative Writing Major at ODU, you must run not walk and take Professor Seibles class. He is a well established mentor to all future poets at ODU and an overall great guy. The class is inspiring and if you're lucky to have a great group of classmates. Unforgettable.,5.0,2.0
Great teacher. His main point to the class was for you to open your world to other people and ideas. He's a pretty liberal guy, so if you swing the other way, you might not enjoy the class so much. Picks readings from a wide variety of authors and poets. Class was very enjoyable for myself, I was actually sad to have to miss a few while sick.,4.5,3.0
great teacher, very knowledgeable. classes were rather boring though.,4.0,3.0
Just a note--Seibles is in his 50s so I don't know about those hot peppers! He has great style--he is engaging and encouraging, and his expressiveness really helps move you along in your own creativity. Though I like the man, I did not enjoy the course because for a creative writing class it was entirely too book-heavy! Oral quizzes daily, yuck!,4.0,3.0
Very focused on himself and his own ideas, and not enough time given at all to the texts and alternate readings of them. Friendly and entertaining, but I hated going to class--felt like a waste of time.,3.0,1.0
TAKE HIM if you can! Poetry is really his thing (he is a published poet, to start with). This was my favorite class this semester, Professor Seibles is awesome! My grade hasn't been posted yet, so I am anxious, but I still loved the class.,5.0,2.0
One of the best teacher's at ODU! Makes you earn your grade, but it's worth it. Lots of quizzes and reading, but his goal is to make you think, not ruin your GPA. Highly recommend!!!,5.0,4.0
AMAZING! He really pushes you if you are serious about writing. If you don't take writing seriously, you may feel differently. He does have artist qualities (seems a little unconcered/scattered about some details) but does affect his ability to teach or to write. And I have to agree that he is hot, especially when he reads his own poetry.,5.0,3.0
i had him for both poetry workshops plus he is my advisor...this man is my MENTOR...i have absolutely nothing negative to say about him...anyone who does must not like poetry or his work ethic...he will WORK you to get the best possible result...overall an EXCELLENT teacher and an EXCELLENT writer...,5.0,1.0
I suggest taking a poetry class with him just so you get to hear him read! He is an amazing writer and has the most beautiful voice. If you like tall, dark, handsome, muscular, and distinguished (i.e. some gray hair)...you'll be in for a visual treat as well. ;),5.0,2.0
Hot AND Sexy,5.0,4.0
I didn't like or dislike him. He needs to keep his political opinions to himself. He smiles a lot. Just do the work and you should be fine. He's a pretty nice guy but he's a poet, hence opinionated,2.0,1.0
I love him and his poetry.His class on poetry is a must for any creative writing student.I can see why students like him.I enjoy the way that he jive reads. It is one of the voices I would like to try and adapt in my own writing style.I want to take more classes by him.Hi Tim!,5.0,3.0
He's okay. He can be a little arrogant and he believes that what he say's is solid...his way or the highway. Sometimes I think he is very superficial because he carries around this fake smile on his countenance ALL DAY LONG....PERMA GRIN,2.0,1.0
Awesome choice,4.0,3.0
Seibles is the bomb. Take him. You will not be upset with your grade.,5.0,1.0
good teacher, a little sarcastic. very inspiring.,4.5,1.0
Tim is what kept me at ODU. So inspiring and commited to his craft.,4.0,3.0
She was very nice, however you only have 2 or 3 grades for the class which made it stressful.,2.0,4.0
I loved this class, I was a freshman here at ODU so this class was one of my first ever college classes! Prof. is very caring about her students and very kind! You can tell she is very passionate about what she does and it makes class fun. If you do not like to read, do not take her. You will do a lot of reading, but the readings are interesting!!!,5.0,2.0
I took this class to complete a gen ed requirement this semester. She grades too hard, and I didn't get any of the grades I deserved. I put in so much work and didn't get the outcome I wanted. The lectures are boring and I would never even think about taking this class again.,1.0,4.0
Nothing,1.0,5.0
For a night class in the dead of winter, this professor was even colder. rarely smiled & a little insulting in her feedback. Worst part of my entire master's program experience. I determined that if I ever decided to teach, I would be the opposite of this professor - encouraging, engaging and someone who gets you excited about the material,1.0,4.0
Pretentious and cold. The material for her classes is the same for every course she teaches, which is bad enough, but her husband teaches the exact same material as well.,1.0,2.0
I never met a teacher so unwilling to listen. On a number of occasions she specifically objected to an older learner for having a viewpoint, especially a viewpoint against her own. Complained about her workload and graded off by personality instead of actual knowledge. She seriously needs to stop thinking she's unprejudiced.,1.0,1.0
This was the worst class I've taken at ODU. She loves the material but if you don't you will struggle with it. She is a harsh grader and gives very little clarification on why you received the grade you did. There are not many graded assignments in the course and so the Final paper ends up being 50% of the grade!,1.0,3.0
The world of cultural and literary theory cannot be squeezed into one semester. Before taking this class, I wish I had read the text book like 5 times. There are so many abstract concepts. Professor Mourao was okay, but I think her expectations were a little high.,3.0,4.0
superb professor! Her teaching style compliments all texts studied in class, as historical background figures largely into time period consideration and novel publication. She is kind, brilliant, and, above all, really wants her students to understand the material and succeed. One of the best profs I've ever had the pleasure of encountering!,5.0,5.0
Good teacher, good person. Very funny. NEED TEXTBOOK, buy on Amazon. If you do the readings, you should be fine. There is a quiz every day before class. The class was pretty hard, not much work, a lot of listening. She is a nice person and a good teacher though, but I might not take her again. Disliked the class but I like her.,5.0,4.0
Professor Mourao loves British literature which is cool, but it means she only lectures. She is very kind and understanding, but not necessarily helpful. Quiz every class and the tests are meant to test your understanding of a few of the dozens of concepts she brings up in class. The point is, this class is great but difficult to do well in.,3.5,4.0
Prof. Mourao is a brilliant woman who loves what she teaches. Unfortunately, she wants everyone else to love it too, and if you don't, sucks to be you. Quiz almost every class, so if you want to pass, READ.,2.0,3.0
Very intelligent. Rather rough, but the class is crit. theory so that's expected. A fair yet almost tough grader. You can't BS her. My advice is attend if not all, most classes, the book doesn't do justice. No final paper, just a group project.,3.5,4.0
I took Dr. Mourao for Engl. Lit. She's an intelligent thinker. However..grades on a high standard. In order to do well & get the most out of the class you need to stay on top of the readings and think about the material analytically. Only drawback: she got upset with me for not participating enough in discussions & used neg. motivation.,2.5,4.0
She's not easy, but she's pretty thorough and clear. She's Portuguese, so it's fun to listen to her accent. Intimidating, but helpful. She goes over final papers with you so you can improve. I got an A, so though they're uncommon, it's not impossible. Do the work and get the grade. Show up to her class! Very strict on attendance.,4.0,4.0
Extremely passionate about her subject and knows it backwards and forwards. Makes sure she answers every question students ask. Expects a lot from her students and this is one of those classes you have to work in but a great teacher. Also very sexy and funny from time to time.,5.0,3.0
Read the material - take good notes and you better know how to write!!! You'll learn and you'll like it! She's passionate about lit and it's contagious! Grades are not "give me's" - you have to earn them!,4.0,4.0
She's a great professor! She does challenge you, but she helps you out too. If you want a good grade, read all the assignments and participate in class.,4.0,3.0
Can be boring, but she's worth taking. She doesn't try to make it hard, and she's willing to help.,4.5,3.0
She challenges her classes to reach a level of sophistication in their arguments and writing which can be scary. So people loved her for her others...not so much. I personally loved her and am enrolled to take another class with her.,4.5,4.0
Yes she is a feminist, but she challenges her students and expects equality (as I wish more professors did). Her tests/ quizzes can be hard because she is looking for very specific answers. I read some of the best, most memorable novels in her class. It is worth all of the hard work, you have to do the reading!,5.0,4.0
I had her for a literary theory class. She is married to Jacobs. Doesn't share that, but he does.At first she seems like she would be cool.I only liked the class when we were in group work.The group presentations were ok.I didn't learn anything in the lectures.Book wasn't too interesting.good luck,1.5,5.0
You will learn a lot and her class was very interresting. Plus she is absolutely stunning. Yes she is a feminist, but what is wrong with that!!! Equality rocks! Her tests are HARD. Be prepared to seriously work for your grade!!,3.5,5.0
don't be misled by the other comments. She's clear and all, but her classes are BORING! She's monotone and a huge feminist, so be careful guys. Anyway, she is challenging and fair...and hot, I must admit.,3.0,3.0
great prof.she's hard but she's fair.,4.0,3.0
DO THE READING AND YOU WILL BE FINE. HER TEST ARE CHALLENGING!!!! BE PREPARE TO READ EXCELLENT NOVELS,5.0,4.0
good overall, sleeper, final grade was lower than what i expected,3.5,3.0
very good teacher. She rocks.,4.5,2.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
She's a nice lady. But she's horrible at teaching. She has inspirational stories that don't relate to the subject. She doesn't offer real critique. I edited the hell out of my story and asked about structure (she has none). The only thing she could say about mine, "It doesn't seem finished." I asked why; she didn't have an answer. She's fake.,1.0,3.0
Class is fun and helpful. Professor is very friendly and smiley (love teachers with upbeat attitudes and willing to work with students). You don't really have a textbook, it's a book with short stories in it that you use to help model your own writings and she teaches you how to follow them. I love this class.,5.0,2.0
She knows what she's doing but ODU workshops are way too big, lots of work, little useful feedback from other students. She seems a bit immature, she does have her favorites, gets kinda snotty to people she doesn't like. Her writing isn't very deep, but it's florid.,4.0,3.0
She is animated. But also like said, very opinionated and full of herself. Thinks she's hot****cuz of Oprah. If she doesn't like you drop because she plays favorites. No I'm not lazy. I worked hard and went to all classes. She calls on those she likes only. Her tests are fairly graded but challenging. Take notes only on what she says,2.0,4.0
Opinionated and full of herself. Won the lottery by getting her name pulled out of a hat on the Oprah Book Club thingy and got popular. Not helpful in the least if she didn't personally like your work. Once heard her call a graduate student "a child" because she didn't like her work....,2.0,5.0
ive had sheri twice now, once for southern lit and now for craft of fiction...one of the greatest professors at odu, she made me appreciate fiction more and want to write more fiction...as a poet, that is a tall order for me...she's nice, understanding, and overall, wonderful...,5.0,1.0
Sheri is one of the things that will make you proud to say you went to ODU. She demands good writing, and it really helps you improve!,5.0,3.0
she is awsome,5.0,3.0
I enjoyed her very much and her books are awesome.I enjoyed the comments that she took the time to go over and write.Her short story class was awesome.Make her class fit first and the others around it. You will have to work in her class, but it will be fun and peer reviews are fun as well.She rocks,5.0,3.0
Sheri is great and class was more interesting than I imagined.She picks interesting passages for the readings.All you have is journals,a midterm,a project/paper,and a final. Her midterm is not bad if you memorize the authors and the works that go with the authors. Fun class, never a boring moment.,4.0,2.0
Sheri is a great professor. I had her for Adv. Fiction Writing and learned so much as an english student and writer. Try to find a way to take her.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
You will enjoy this class.,5.0,2.0
Class is never boring.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Rogers is extremely passionate about mathematics and it carries over to his students. His lectures are always enjoyable, as he always incorporates a wealth of knowledge, a humorous personality, and genuine concern for his students. He was always available for questions outside of class and was happy to help if he knew you were putting work in.,5.0,4.0
Rogers (R^3) is a real great professor. He always provides feedback that makes sense and he is willing to help you through the questions but you will have to work for it. Hes hilarious and fun to listen to as well!,5.0,3.0
R^3 is a great professor. He is always willing to help and he has great knowledge of all math. He loves to talk and is very passionate. Easy class to pass and if you need help on any assignments or corrections (corrections are allowed), R^3 always goes the extra mile to be sure you understand the materials. Interesting class!,5.0,2.0
Before this class I had not received a grade below an A in a math class. I got like in the 50s on the tests because the tests were testing on a bunch of useless knowledge. He would give possible test questions but you would have to memorize them an 95% of them weren't even on the test. His class is super boring but he's a funny guy.,2.0,5.0
Dr. Rogers is one of the best professor at Fredonia! He's very understanding and he cares about his students. His lectures are amazing and very inspirational. He will explain and debrief until you understand the topic. He offers several extra credits and test corrections. I highly recommend anyone to take a math course with him.,5.0,3.0
dr rogers has an interesting teaching style. he makes room for his students outside of class, which is extremely helpful,5.0,4.0
I believe he teaches a similar course "why mathematics?" MATH 117. It's obvious that he knows what he's talking about, but he's also very accommodating to students who struggle and ask questions. This class only had weekly homework assignments and no tests! If you don't go to class you'll have a hard time with the hw because there is no textbook.,4.0,2.0
MY FAV PROF IN FREDONIA! HE IS SO FUNNY! He is always willing to help and has realistic expectations. If you need help with homework you can always find him at fishbowl helping his students! 10/10 recommend Prof Rogers.,5.0,1.0
Lots of homework and is graded. Tests are difficult but he tells you exactly what to expect and what will be on it, so study what he tells you! Hes EXTREMELY entertaining and funny! Sometimes hes brief and if you dont understand something you have to go see him (hes very helpful, cares, and will sit with you for hours if needed). RECOMMENDED!!,5.0,5.0
Rogers is a genuinely nice guy but a very biased professor. His grading is completely based on his opinion. Content in class is extremely random and has no educational value beyond interesting facts and anecdotes. He offers multiple chances to turn in homework and make corrections, but his organization is completely disconnected.,2.0,4.0
I never thought I'd be excited about taking Calculus, but Rogers is such a great professor that I actually looked forward to each class. His grading is very fair, and he is always available to help so there's no excuse to do poorly.,5.0,3.0
Amazing teacher. He actually sits down and helps you understand the material.,4.5,3.0
He means well but often his tangents off topic are long boring and irrelevant. Rarely teaches the actual material he will test you on in class. Also he assumes that you will learn simply by doing the homework. You will either be constantly asking him questions everyday about homework or struggle through the entire class.,3.0,5.0
I'm a sen. so i know my way around. R^3 loves math so much it pours into his teaching. Easily the most helpful prof in the dept. Very good at keeping less talented students up to speed via diverse explanations, however class will move slow if you know your stuff. Simply loves math and will help with anything related, whether it is his class or not.,5.0,3.0
Best math professor at Fredonia hands down. He helped me everyday with homework and he really explained things to me. He really cares about his students and complains about other professors who cant teach. =p He doesnt rush and he makes sure students get what he is saying. I would take every single math course here at fredonia with him if i could.,4.5,3.0
I had professor Rogers for Real Analysis years ago and looked him up here just to rate him. He is hands down the BEST math teacher at SUNY Fredonia & about the only one who is a sort of a normal person.Most other math professors there are social misfits who take out their dysfunction on students.Dr Rogers is one of the best teachers I've ever had.,4.5,3.0
I had Dr. Rogers for advanced calculus and real analysis. What an amazing teacher! He cares about his students and tries to make the math in these classes relevant to real life. He just wants to make sure you know what you need to before you leave his class.,5.0,3.0
Rogers is one of my favorite teachers. Defiantly recommend taking ANY math class with him.,5.0,3.0
I recommend taking a class from him. His 3 tests are only worth 30% while HW is worth 70%, which is good. He is willing to help most of the time. Go to the HW sessions and make sure you get him to help instead of rambling on about something stupid. He is one of the better Math teachers in the department.,2.5,3.0
dr. rogers cares about his students more than anyone I know...yes he's a tough grader...but an amazing teacher,5.0,3.0
dr rogers may be a tough grader, but as long as you go and see him for help on things that may be unclear, you will do fine. he wants his students to do well. go to hw sessions! 3 tests are only 30% of grade and and the ave hw is 70% usually.,5.0,3.0
very hard grader super smart (too smart for lower level coures) doesn't give enough notes and is tough to learn from. Gives tons of work. He is a nice guy younger with long hair and tries to be funny but is often confusing.,2.5,5.0
fun,5.0,1.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
Crazy guy, can't stand his long hair, it's longer than mine!!!,1.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Funny guy, good teacher, would recommend for Calc. Actually speaks english,1.5,4.0
The only way to beat this course... is if the class unite and fail together.. which often happens unintentionally,1.0,5.0
Doesn't solve problems in class, but expects us to do it on the assignments and exams. You learn a lot in his class, but he makes you feel stupid about what you don't understand.,1.5,5.0
Inconsiderate of most students, caters to one crowd of really smart/ass kissers, random exam, vague description of what will be on the exam, does not solve problems in class, be prepared, this course is very hard.,2.0,5.0
I usually hold doors open for people behind or ahead of me. Even for random people. Even for ugly people. Even for retarded people. But for Jervis I do not. I specially try to minimise how wide I open the door for myself so that it will most probably close on Jervis.,1.0,5.0
Worst prof by far!!! Exam had no relation to the course :(,1.0,4.0
Simply awful. Assignment "solutions" are just answers, some of which are incorrect. Assignments are extremely time-consuming and do not aid understanding of the course material. I essentially had to learn the material on my own outside the class.,1.5,5.0
Please retire early.,1.0,5.0
Worst prof ever. Laziest mofo prof. Says lots of bs and expects u to know everything even tho he didnt teach it in class (assuming he is able to teach).,1.0,5.0
Worst prof ever. Gives no examples in class, but expects you to understand the material and apply it to very difficult and involved questions. Does not teach concepts required to solve the problems, but expects you to learn them on your own.,1.0,5.0
An obnoxious man who looks, and behaves like a homeless person. He only teaches the people who think they are really smart and will kiss his A.s.s! He is not really interested in teaching. His exams do not reflect the work done in class. He does not offer any extra help. He needs to be fired!!!,1.0,3.0
lazy, not interested, thinks he is a genius?!,1.0,2.0
Not a very nice man. Definitely has a personal agenda.,2.0,4.0
One word - Lazy, he didn't hand back to midterm until 2 weeks before the final. A lot of promise but most of them just talk and no action!,3.0,4.0
All in all, he's a good prof. He is very passionate about this course and gives real-life examples. Don't be intimidated, it's not too bad.,3.5,4.0
He likes this course... BUT HE IS AN ASS! He favors kids who are pompous jackasses who think life depends on marks.,2.5,4.0
Hmm, very good prof, makes course very intersting but not a nice person (though tries to come off as your best friend)...,3.0,4.0
Just because I don't get 80% on your midterm doesn't mean that I'm too stupid for grad school! I'll show you......,2.0,4.0
Lazy ass, doesn't let you talk about your exams. Passionate about his teaching and does great interesting lectures. However, he is unfair, and his W2003 final exam was titled W2002. . .,3.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
There are few profs that care as much about the courses they teach. He's got a personality that doesn't mesh with some engineers, but I would argue that most engineers at UW have a much personality as a bucket of dirt.,4.5,4.0
I think Jervis is great. He has examples to every type of situation,4.5,4.0
Awards marks for thought not just right answers, great teaching style.,4.5,3.0
Our class midterm was belled to 60 and given back the last day of class,1.5,5.0
An evil and paranoid man... students give respect if they're respected,1.0,5.0
God complex against anyone not in the top 10%,3.0,4.0
Thinks he is God,3.0,4.0
not very helpful, and his labs are a nightmare,2.0,3.0
very knowledgeable and obviously loves his research, a bit scatterbrained though,3.0,4.0
He makes workload for the course heavy. Exams are hard but marks accordingly.,3.5,4.0
very helpful, the UW engineers don't deserve him,4.5,2.0
Need to think about the students more.,2.5,5.0
Is there anything lower than 1?,1.0,5.0
This perhaps the worse professor ever to exist on the planet, he believes he is one the best crystallographers, but in fact he has done nothing in the field. Just a useless deadwood.,1.0,4.0
Great prof... his class was interesting and he is very humorous. Also really great to work with in the lab! He doesn't use a text book so it is very important to go to his class to get the daily notes,4.5,2.0
no words to describe how bad,1.0,5.0
He is the horrible and worst prof I have ever had.,1.0,5.0
Cameron was one of my favorite profs...very eccentric...knows everything and a very entertaining class from a very entertaining guy!!!,4.5,2.0
Definitly knows his stuff, but really didn't present it in an understandable way. Went to him for help and he actually said that he wasn't there to teach me. He will try to explain stuff after class but essentially restates what he already said. I'll give him credit that he knows his stuff and really makes you learn it but really isn't helpful,2.5,3.0
Excellent teacher, one of the best profs at Dalhousie,5.0,3.0
The chemistry isn't overly hard, but the anecdotes and demonstrations are amazingly entertaining. And underneath it all, we do learn alot of chemistry, if you do well in this course, the thrid year inorganic courses are a breeze.,5.0,2.0
KNows the subjext matter, but does not present material in a easy to follow way.....seems like he just want to tell you stories from his past, and then try to figure out the chemistry yourself.,2.0,3.0
He is a great guy, really knows hi stuff but shouldn't be allowed to teach. He only explanes things one way, when you asks him for help he reasks the qeustion or pretty well explanes things the exact way he did in class. It very difficult to get help out of the guy.,2.0,4.0
Great prof, you can make good marks if you work for them, cool demonstrations, knows everything about the materiel. Definatly recommended,4.5,3.0
Head and shoulders above all the rest, best educater than i have ever seen by far. take this class even if you arn't a chem major, fantastically interesting, awesome prof.,5.0,2.0
he has excellent ways in teaching chemistry materials,5.0,1.0
No doubt ver knowledgeable, tried to be helpful, but often had trouble explaining difficult concepts.,3.5,4.0
The best prof I have EVER had, no exageration. No wonder he won teacher of the year a few back.,5.0,3.0
Excellent prof, very intelligent,5.0,4.0
he knows everything!,4.5,3.0
excellent teacher, very knowledgable, i enjoy his teaching style!!,4.5,2.0
Very informative course with a terrific teacher, but it was very difficult.,4.5,5.0
lovely prof, if you can handle his unorthodox style of teaching,4.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Extremely knowledgeable,5.0,1.0
He is very unclear, doesn't explain WHY things are they way they are. Doesn't ever check to see if people have their hands up, and he complains about his time being wasted in the concept room.,2.0,3.0
,2.0,4.0
Dr. P always tried to make the class interesting, which at 8:30 on a Monday isn't really easy. He really made you work for your grade though, and it was not easy. Still, a good prof, hopes he enjoys teaching the first years next year.,3.5,5.0
Very boring, I never can hear what he says. He does not explain as much chemistry as you expect, instead he speaks about chemists and Nobel prizes. Very messy, I can not believe that after so many years teaching he is not organized. I can see a lack of heart and passion. If you want to understand organic chemistry take this class with Dr. Burnell.,1.5,5.0
Dr. Pincock's classes force you to work and study, but he explains the material clearly, and he's extremely knowledgeable. He manages to make organic chem interesting at 8:30 in the morning - what more do you want?,4.5,5.0
Dr.Pincock is DA BOMB!!!!!!!! He is an excellent professor, very helpful outside the class as well. I hope he is enjoying his sabbatical.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Pincock is an exceptional organic chemistry professor, and an incredible person. He is approachable, generous, understanding. A truly great man.,5.0,5.0
Dr. Pincock's experience makes him an invaluable prof. He may need to follow Dr. Thompson's on clear and organized lecture presentation, but otherwise excellent and enjoyable class.,5.0,4.0
Not quite as good as Alison Thompson in terms of making the lectures exciting/clear, but equally as helpful. Great prof,4.5,1.0
Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!! He is the most helpful prof at Dal. If you having trouble he will do anything to help. Best Chem prof at Dal. Very personable.,4.5,2.0
Perfect Teacher, may adun be with us.,5.0,1.0
Excellent prof. Excellent class. Long live organic chem.,5.0,3.0
such a cute man!,4.0,3.0
good prof...difficult course...2nd part worse than first,3.5,4.0
No Comments,4.0,5.0
I love this guy! He is helpful and funny. An overall cheerful person,4.0,2.0
nice, but not clear, nor helpful,1.0,2.0
The best organic chem prof you can get at Dal.,5.0,3.0
org. chem is difficult to be taught well! he is extremely helpful, tho,5.0,4.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
Very nice guy, laidback,5.0,3.0
I would take her again if i had to. Compared to other profs is a great lecturer, however, I've heard she has given people terrible anxiety, although she is well respected, Really difficult course compared to first year ochem. But overal she a good prof. hard ass final though never have i seen so many people stay to the end of a 3 hour exam before.,3.0,4.0
CHEM2402 is known to be difficult, but this was unnecessary. While Cozens did provide all the information needed, many things were rushed or not properly explained, and the organization was poor. However, she provided maaaany practice problems to help solidify the information, which were very helpful. Put in a lot of time and work and you'll be ok!,2.0,3.0
Dr. Cozens is sweet person, she knows the material is difficult and heavy but she genuinely cares about her students doing well in the class. If you actually try to study and take lots of notes you'll realize that the content is not that bad!,4.0,4.0
She is not an effective lecturer, most time is spent on reading the paragraphs from her slides which hold no relevance when it comes to what she tests on. She also seems to enjoy editing the syllabus multiple times a year. If she wants decides to do something grading wise, she will delete the syllabus and make a new syllabus to fit what she wants,1.0,4.0
Professor Cozens was friend and understanding, but her lectures were full of many details that we were not tested on, so it often felt like effort was spent on useless information when it could've been spent on memorizing reactions. One would feel lost, not knowing what exactly to study.,1.0,5.0
i took both intro to orgchem 2 and biochem with her. both classes felt exhausting. found her very disconnected and condescending. i always felt uncomfortable bringing up topics i didn't understand. lectures are plainly a mountain of info, and she doesn't help you to process that info. the worst prof i came across in chem dept. hated the experience,1.0,4.0
the lecture slides are extremely heavy. a large amount of the slides display paragraphs of information, and most of it is unnecessary information that is not talked about or tested on. there have been instances when there are questions asked by students to Dr. Cozens and she has responded "you should know that, i am not answering your question".,2.0,4.0
This was a lecture heavy course but Dr. Cozens made it manageable. Good lecturer, although the final was quite tough. Make sure you do the practice problems she posts and youll be fine.,4.0,4.0
Awful. Stay home and teach yourself, she just reads of slides anyways. Condescending, rude.,1.0,4.0
Shows you slides and expects you to "just memorize them", no explanation whatsoever of the material. 50 minutes to do the midterm in class and barely any time to check it over before times up. Worst prof I've had by far.,1.0,4.0
The material itself isn't super hard, but it does need a lot of attention to do well in this class. Cozens was nice enough as a prof but I found she often made things more complicated in class than they are in her slides, which are layed out very simply and step-by-step. I did much better skipping class and learning from her slides (recommend this),3.0,4.0
She doesn't seem to explain the logic behind certain reactions. She emphasizes that you should go for understanding and not memorization, but when you ask her why a reaction happens the way it does, she says "that's just how it is". I failed it when I took it with her and then when I took it in the summer with a different prof I got an A+.,2.0,5.0
Frances Cozens is a great professor for CHEM 2402. If you want to do well, remember to: learn the mechanisms, understand the reactions rather than memorize them, and do the practice problems posted online. There are bonus questions on exams, so you can pick up a few marks if you lost them somewhere along the way.,5.0,1.0
Fran is a pretty good professor for what I found to be a difficult class. Her slides are very detailed and clear. The tests are quite difficult, but they are fair.,3.5,4.0
She makes it very clear that she wants her students to succeed. Her slides are very well detailed and easy to read. Her tests reflect the class material very well.,4.5,3.0
The content is interesting and not that difficult, but the teaching itself is not really effective. She basically just reads off the slides and I find reviewing them myself on my own time is more effective. Pleasant enough in class but can be very snarky and unclear when it comes to answering questions. Decent prof but not great.,2.5,2.0
Fran was a fantastic prof for Chemistry of Living Systems. She made the class interesting to attend even though some of the material was very dry. Her exams clearly reflected that fact that she wanted her students to do well. Highly recommend taking this class with Fran.,5.0,1.0
Great prof. Helpful and approachable. Greatly strengthened my interest in the content of the course. Probably the best professor for the class.,4.5,1.0
Cozens makes things more complicated than they need to be, and is generally not very clear in class. She is nice during one on one conversation but in class can be condescending when students ask questions. She put me to sleep pretty much every class, so if you are looking for an interesting class I wouldn't recommend her as a prof.,2.5,3.0
She wasn't terribly great at explaining things but she posted practice problems (with answers) that were basically what the tests were made up of. As long as you can do the practice problems easily you'll do ok.,3.5,2.0
She just can not teach. She is not well prepared. She plays favorites.,1.0,5.0
very helpful, but tough,4.5,4.0
just write rxson board completely a waste of time in class not explained well,1.5,4.0
Easy for an organic class,3.5,2.0
Blah,1.5,4.0
amazing, best teacher i have had at dal this year, funny, charismatic and cares about the students. great guy and it shows in his love for teaching,5.0,3.0
I absolutely love this man! He is AMAZING! For an arts student who has had NO prior Chemistry background and a pure hatred for the subject, he worked wonders for me. I actually enjoyed going to his lectures. He made everything understandable. Also, he is hilarious, which is a plus for a subject that would normally put me to sleep! TAKE HIS CLASS!,5.0,1.0
Neil is a G, nuff said,5.0,1.0
Pure amaze. The guy rocks a chem lecture like nobody's business. He makes lectures enjoyable and he is one of the friendliest, most approachable male profs I've ever had. Oh, and he's a genius, nbd.,5.0,1.0
Amazing teacher, he made my first term as a first year enjoyable.,4.5,2.0
Amazing prof!! Gave everyone great learning experience! Very clear - so helpful! Answers to every student with questions! Keeps me awake in his lectures because he is charismatic, funny, and full of energy for an old guy! Great speaker...I love his accent!!I wish I can have him to teach all of my courses lol,5.0,2.0
One of the best profs at Dal. He is SUCH a nice man. He wants you to learn. He's very helpful and extremely clear in his explanations. Not to mention he's a very entertaining lecturer. The course got a bit difficult near the end, but he helped by taking the time necessary to ensure everyone understood. - I recommend this prof if you can choose.,5.0,5.0
I was a bit worried about taking chemistry, but Burford makes everything SO understandable. He easily holds your attention. One of my friends commented: "I like how you can tell he loves what he does and has nothing to prove." When you put up your hand he says "Yes, PLEASE!" and makes SURE you understand. Thoroughly enjoyed this class. 5 stars.,5.0,1.0
Absolutely excellent! I only took Chem because I had to, but found myself enjoying his lectures, even early in the morning. He uses experiments that not only hold your interest but actually help you understand the material. His accent is a joy:),5.0,2.0
Burford is excellent. He can explain the concepts so well that anyone could understand it. He's charismatic, and loves when people ask questions. One the best professors I have ever encountered. The voice is so easy to follow, and you'll enjoy going to class.,5.0,2.0
Great prof! He's funny and charismatic, passionate about chemistry, and good at explaining concepts.,5.0,2.0
Great prof! You can't not like this guy. My only beef is not with the prof himself but the textbooks: they're crap because they were made up by the Dal profs. There are very limited examples and practice questions so be prepared to nab a highschool textbook from your little bro. (like I did)- Great prof. Highly HIGHLY recommend him.,5.0,5.0
i love his teaching style. he always has time for questions and he is always keeping it interesting. we have had an expiriment every day so far, which is very exciting to forward to at the end of class.,5.0,3.0
Unreal prof! So cool, witty and funny. Not to mention mind boggingly smart. Best prof I've had yet.,5.0,3.0
He's awesome and good looking!,5.0,3.0
Dr. Burford == good prof.,4.5,3.0
Burford was such a good prof. I really enjoyed him .. and of course enjoyed looking at his beautiful face bright and early 3 times a week at 8:30am :). I found him very helpful and he explained things clearly. Overall, I just had a big crush on him. His sexy accent made me pay attention more. Oh, and I also loved his cute little jokes me made.,4.0,3.0
He is an incredible lecturer. Even though the material was dry at times, his teaching presence was worth showing up to lecture for. He rarely made mistakes, and for him no question is a bad question. Easy on the eyes too!,5.0,1.0
I LOVE NEIL BURFORD!He is by far my favourite prof at Dal so far! He is VERY smart and knows his stuff. He always makes class interesting with his humour. He cares for his students. He is great in the concept room when you have questions. All around, this man is AWESOME!ps: His Accent's AWESOME! (Especially when he is talking about paired e's),5.0,2.0
great prof and knows his stuff,5.0,3.0
Dr. Burford is THE BEST PROF that I've come across in the Dal chem department. Good lecturer, makes points very clear, encourages questions, and likes to make a joke every now and then. I recommend taking a class from him.,4.5,3.0
Very busy because of a bustling research program. Extremely devoted to his graduate students. Friendly, approachable, a great sense of humour, and definitely a sexy bald guy.,4.5,3.0
He looks like Imhotep from The Mummy ! Good prof, too.,5.0,3.0
Made me feel guilty of a C- at Christmas. I changed my habits.. B+ in the spring,4.5,3.0
doesn't pay attention, yet expects students to -- definately NOT sexy,2.0,4.0
A great guy, very funny... always busy though,5.0,1.0
Professor Saxonhouse is great. She is understanding and supportive of all students Her courses are not easy, but if you put in the effort, then you will get the grade you truly want. Regardless of which course, make sure that you attend lecture. She makes everything crystal clear and straightforward. Students who don't do well likely skip lecture.,4.0,3.0
Professor makes the class difficult to succeed in if you don't follow everything she says to the letter. Her lectures are all verbal about the long readings. With nothing to follow the lectures with whether it's powerpoint or writing on a chalkboard, it is difficult to follow everything she says. Her class doesn't foster a successful environment.,1.0,5.0
Professor Saxonhouse is finest professors that I've had the privilege of learning under. If you're interested in political theory and you attend the University of Michigan, you would be doing yourself a disservice not to take her class. She's erudite and witty; she also puts together a diverse reading list for the course. Attend class and read!,5.0,4.0
Ignore the bad ratings about her. She is a great professor, and if you are interested in Ancient Political Thought, I'd highly recommend her class. She provides a good survey of classical political thought and does a good job at relaying thematic development through the semester.,4.0,4.0
Saxonhouse is a kind and knowledgeable professor, very helpful during office hours. If you are interested in ancient thought, this is a great class for you. Exams are long and related to readings. Readings are heavy. You have to take good notes during class. Would recommend taking a class with her,3.5,5.0
Though the readings are long, she goes into them in great detail. As long as you take good notes and make sure to reassert the points she has made in class you will get a good grade. Participation is encouraged, but not mandatory. Came into the class with little knowledge of ancient theory, would only suggest interested in ancient thought though.,4.0,3.0
Unclear and frustrating. Sit in the front row and listen closely. A tough class because lectures are bad.,1.0,5.0
A horrible time for all involved as groans and long faces were common. Oscillates between dull and cringe-inducing.,1.0,5.0
Reading is crucial. Specific references to the text will improve your exam scores. Take this course only if you are interested in the history of political thought and are willing to do a large amount of reading.,4.0,4.0
This class was a delight. The material is incredibly interesting on its own but professor Saxonhouse successfully transcended the readings by linking them all together in a way that made perfect sense. Her lectures were as helpful as it can get. If you show up regularly and do the readings to a certain extent then this class is an easy A.,4.5,3.0
Only take this class if you're 100% interested in the topic. Be prepared to take vigorous notes on everything she says. She doesn't accept outside opinions because she's convinced everything she says is the only answer. The tests are graded partially by her but also by a GSI who has told me that even she gets confused by what Arlene says in lec.,3.0,4.0
Lectures tend to be long and brutally boring. She speaks very quietly and is hard to understand. Do not take this class with her. You will be in for a painfully boring and tough semester dragging yourself to class.,1.0,4.0
Grades unfairly and does not even grade her own tests. This is done by assistants who aren't familiar with the material by their own admission.,1.0,5.0
This class is for grownups. No give aways, it pushes you to learn. 4 hours reading a week and can't miss class. Do yourself a favor- sit in the front, she speaks softly. That said, it was the most rewarding class I've ever taken. Material is brilliant, lectures were full of thoughtful analysis. Included some time for class discussion, questions.,4.5,4.0
Arlene is a tough professor. She is strict in her interpretation of the readings and fairly arrogant. On the last day of class, she refused to talk about the reading. She also post minimal resources online and talks like a mouse while telling us to speak up. This is a very difficult course and do not recommend taking it with her.,1.5,5.0
The class involves a lot of reading and 3 essays, but that was it. Attendance is mandatory, and you must participate and pay attention constantly in class. Arlene really knows the subject well; however, at times she can be a little picky. This was a class where I worked hard (but not too hard), enjoyed it, and learned a lot, definitely recommend.,3.5,4.0
The whole class was, understandably, based off reading the Federalist Papers, but we also read it in class together, which cut into time for discussing and analyzing the text. It also prevented us from being able to go over everything we read. Essay grading is a bit subjective, but she's willing to help if you go to office hours,3.5,4.0
Easily the worst class I've ever taken and the teaching style is the reason why. You can feel the arrogance.,1.0,5.0
Bad lectures and readings don't prepare one for the tests and isn't helpful in office hours.,1.0,5.0
Go to lecture. Keep good, DETAILED notes. If you miss a class, get good notes from a friend. Read. Ask a lot of questions, and visit her in office hours (ask the right questions and she'll basically tell you what she's going to stress for the exams). Like others said, it's not a blow-off class, but almost a guaranteed A if you do the work.,4.5,1.0
This class is one of the best PS classes I've taken at U of M. It's not easy by any means, but Arlene is a great professor who really wants you to understand the information. The reading is not 100% necessary and sometimes it's a bit lengthy, but she goes over everything in lecture. If you study everything she says in lecture you will do well.,4.5,4.0
Arlene certainly knows the topic which she teaches, but that's really the only positive. She has strong opinions and insists that you agree with her, or don't bother speaking. Also, she poses vague questions and proceeds to stall for 20-30 minutes until someone states what she wants to hear.,1.5,3.0
Ludicrous amounts of reading for very little benefit. Lectures are painfully slow and boring. She has one viewpoint, and all others are wrong, so get used to it. Often assigns 4 or 5 hours of reading and then spends less than an hour explaining its significance. She loves to throw in Greek or Latin words to look smart. Definitely do not take.,1.0,4.0
This class is a stinker that takes itself seriously. I can't understand the purpose, point, and trajectory of this pointless fiasco. A sad indicator of lost potential where provoking subject matter should yield at least produce adequate results. It's an all-around misfire.,1.0,5.0
Hands down the most painful class I've ever taken. The lectures and material are boring. The tests are ludicrously hard. She wants you to participate just to tell you you're wrong. Avoid.,2.0,5.0
A good class should be interesting, thought-provoking, have heart, and inspire interest in the subject matter. This has not one of those things.,1.0,5.0
Confusing lectures makes this a terrible experience in the classroom.,1.0,5.0
You NEED to come to class or else you will not do well. Form Study Groups with other students which is what we did. as long as you catch her EVERY word in lecture then you'll be fine. And she's willing to help you outside of class. its hard stuff but if you know it you'll do well.,3.5,4.0
Well the exams are hard, you absolutely must come to class (no lecture notes here) and doing the reading certainly helps. That all being said Prof. knows her stuff and if you have an interest in this material take the class. If you're looking for a blow off, this ain't it.,4.0,5.0
She expects a lot and part of that expectation is coming to class to learn the material. You either love her or you hate her. She's extremely willing to help outside of class and seems to genuinely want students to succeed. She also really cares about what she teaches.,4.5,4.0
Absolute nutcase. Don't take unless you've already read all of the greek tragedies and can quote aristotle from memory so you'll know what she's talking about.,1.0,5.0
Horrible professor. Check your brain at the door or be suspended in disbelief at this.,1.0,5.0
An overbearing, oddball class that offends your sensibilities. A complete bomb.,1.0,5.0
The material is really hard, mostly classical philosophy. But she's always willing to help during office hours. But the material is really dense, don't take this class unless you have an interest in Plato, Aristotle etc.,4.0,5.0
Horrible instructor. This loses it's way immediately and goes downhill from there.,1.0,5.0
She is a wonderful professor and a very intelligent woman. I found that in lecture I wanted to type almost every word out of her mouth, she is so knowledgeable.,4.5,5.0
She is amazingly intelligent and is a fantastic lecturer. Her read on the material is very specific however so make sure you go to lecture and listen, not just read the material yourself. It is also very important to make sure to have the right edition of the book assigned, she relies heavily on the footnotes.,4.0,4.0
Overall I enjoyed the class b/c I had a great GSI. It was hard to stay awake in lecture even though the points she brings up are intriguing. Her voice lacks dynamic and makes the listener sleepy. Lecture is important you attend, even if you do not complete all the reading :( you can get the basic gist of what she wishes u to identify on the test,3.5,3.0
The information is really interesting and crucial to anybody who is majoring in political science. Everybody I knew absolutely dreaded lecture, but you have to go to do well. A lot of reading, and the final is ridiculous-the study guide doesn't help much and its too harshly graded.,2.0,4.0
People who dislike Prof. Saxonhouse or think she's a bad prof most likely just didn't understand the material. She teaches extremely difficult material, and she teaches it well. Don't take her class if you aren't interested in putting some effort into the class.,3.5,5.0
Really boring. I usually fell asleep during her lectures.,1.5,3.0
The readings are difficult and she only clarifies about 20% of the material. Hope you get a good GSI if you take this class. But as its a pre-req for many other PS classes, honestly, just don't take it with her. No textbook, and the exams consist of identifying and explaining quotes from the 20 books you're req. to read. HARD!,1.5,5.0
She's terrible. Listening to her is impossible, because her voice just drones on and on and slides right out your ears. Instead of analyzing the texts, most of the time she just reviews and summarizes them, despite specifically saying that it would never happen. Horrible.,1.5,4.0
I hated this class. I don't know if it's all her fault but I feel what the class covers is boring & sometimes hard to grasp. I think she expects us to all think like her & we'll pull some great theory out randomly in our papers. You need to go to lecture to understand what is going on, but discussion is even more important.,3.0,4.0
She knows what she's talking about and it's often a pity that there isn't more time to discuss each reading. Her lectures call for thought; they go into far more depth than simply recounting the readings. The class could be either inspirational or excruciating - it will be what you make of it. Refreshing.,5.0,5.0
This is not a good class, it's not even a bad one. It's worse than that. It's hard to put into words how excruciatingly painful it was.,1.0,5.0
Saxonhouse knows her****. She's been the department head, is helpful during office hours, and is a fair grader. The pop quizzes were rough, but if you do the reading on time you're fine. I didn't do the reading on time, so I wrote an extra paper and I was STILL fine. She doesn't suffer fools, but she's truly interested in philo lit and good at it.,5.0,5.0
Tiresome and swamped with distracting lapses in logic.,1.0,3.0
I would advise anyone not to take her.,1.0,5.0
An aggressively bad class. There are times when it tips the scales of absurdity and becomes almost comical.,1.0,5.0
Her lectures were fine, and engaging as long as you had done the readings and weren't messing around on facebook. The problem for me was that the exams were hard--not that they were nitpicky--but that they gave vague quotes that were supposed to make you flow forth a very specific diatribe about a concept, problem is, the quotes didn't show that.,3.5,4.0
Arlene gets a bad rap for being boring, but I found her delightful. If you listen close enough you will begin to catch onto her wit and humor. The GSIs graded kind of hard, especially Pat.,3.5,5.0
A classroom and meeting time in seach of a professor.,1.0,5.0
I had Professor Saxonhouse a few years ago. Grow up, you ninnies. You're at a research university with 40k+ students. If you want to be entertained, watch TV. If you want to have coffee with your faculty, go to a liberal arts college in the woods. Plug in to her expertise and show an interest or sit back and enjoy the big school experience.,3.5,4.0
She is arrogant and self-righteous. She spends most lectures giving you terms that she mis-pronounces and misspells, but always corrects you on. Her exams are based on obscure quotes from the books, rather than actual comprehension. And her "review" sheet is not useful. She is the type of prof that makes you wonder about teaching standards.,1.0,5.0
She is a nice teacher. Polisci 101 isn't a great class, there isn't much she could do about it.,3.0,3.0
sssspit it out saxonhouse. stutters, and basically repeats the same sentence 100 times in a lecture. her lectures led me to realize i never wanted to take another political science class. absolutely horrible.,1.0,2.0
Unfair grader,1.5,4.0
The worst part about Polisci 101 wasn't how boring Dr. Saxonhouse was but the grading of the 2 blue book exams. Entire sections recieved B's for work that should be considered an A in a 101 class. All in all it was a very disappointing experience.,2.5,4.0
Overall I thought she was pretty smart and if you actually went to lecture and had the maturity to stay awake for an hour you will find her very helpfull,3.5,2.0
We ended up reading lots but focusing only on a few key concepts. You have to go to lecture to pass the class. Its hard if you didnt read this stuff in High School.,3.0,5.0
couldn't ask for a worse professor...absolutely boring...poor lecturer-studders, repeats herself, doesn't get important concepts across to students...avoid this class altogether and start with pol sci 111 instead,2.0,4.0
Saxonhouse is the definition of boring! She is very knowledgable on the topic, and seems to know exactly what the material's importance is...However she is incapable of expressing that knowledge to her students. She is boring, boring, boring and very unenthusiastic. Plus she only wears neutral colors! Avoid her!!!,2.0,3.0
she sucks,1.0,2.0
I really liked this class. I took it my first semester of my freshman year and it was a very easy A and the readings were interesting. My GSI wasn't great, but I never missed a lecture and I enjoyed doing the work. No one liked the prof but I think she was good.,4.0,1.0
,2.0,2.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
The readings are all essential to have for any polischi major but her lectures are boring and unclear. She has trouble getting her points across. I definately have learned more Greek, than i have political science. Avoid the professor if you can, but the course readings are definately essential to furthering your knowledge of polischi,1.0,3.0
i fell asleep durin gthe first week of lecture and decided that i had to drop it, so i did. avoid her if you can,1.5,4.0
Good prof, attractive older woman.,5.0,3.0
Terrible lectures that are boring and not helpful.,1.0,2.0
She was extremely boring. The readings are all very important for polisci major, but the professor should be avoided.,1.0,4.0
booooorrrrring. the readings were alright but her lectures were horrible.,2.5,4.0
readings are okay but, its her lectures that are confusing and boring...wish I never took the class.,1.0,5.0
This class is for independent thinkers. There isn't class participation because it's a LECTURE. The reading isn't very heavy because it's mostly excerpts from the books. Also, most things you read are important and should be read anyway. She really knows what she's talking about.,4.5,2.0
i wish i never took this class. do NOT take it unless you enjoy being put to sleep. p.s. you have to read 13 books.,1.0,5.0
She knows her stuff but often has difficulty speaking in class, confusing theorists and their corresponding theories. You can learn quite a bit during lecture, if you can manage to stay awake.,3.0,4.0
It seems that, since she became the 1st lady of the department, her title went to her head and now considers herself better than others. Lectures are poor and self serving. There are clearly better choices for a professor of Political Science.,1.5,3.0
There's nothing wrong with Saxonhouse that avoiding her won't fix.,1.0,5.0
Doesn't elevate the level of discussion. Makes too many asides alluding to her own politics.,2.5,1.0
Arlene was the worst. Lectures were boring and elitist.,1.0,4.0
Lectures have a fatty eliteness about them with an aristocratic gentry flair.,1.0,5.0
She turned me off to political science.,1.0,4.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
Women's issues count. Education doesn't.,1.0,4.0
No Comments,2.5,3.0
Easy A,5.0,1.0
Charles is the best coolest teacher ever. take wat was previously said to heart, if you really embrace the class you'll get so much out of it.,5.0,1.0
AMAZING!!!,5.0,2.0
amazing guy amazing teacher,5.0,1.0
erry good,5.0,1.0
Overall great class, Charles is amazing. As long as you don't simply take advantage of him and take your A, you will learn a LOT. If you go about thinking "free A, I don't need to do anything"...you WILL get an A, but I guarantee you you will have missed a great opportunity. Take what he says to heart, and don't ****.,5.0,1.0
Charles is the nicest prof you will have at U of M. Dont worry about your grade, you will get an A guaranteed, this class is basically a dialogue class, but even if you dont open your mouth once, you will get an A. This class is great if you like to debate with others, if not, you will probably be bored out of your mind.,5.0,1.0
This class really is easy but how you enjoy the class depends soley on your fellow classmates. If your classmates are engaging extroverted people, you'll enjoy this class but if your classmates are mutes then the 1.5 hours will go by extremly slowly. Also, don't bother buying any of the books, he NEVER goes over them and most of the stuff is boring,4.5,1.0
Charles is the nicest professor you will have while here! Even though the class is a breeze, you learn a lot from listening to what he and other students discuss in class.,5.0,1.0
an amazing professor - really wants you to be able to learn & express yourself without feeling inhibited by grade pressures, & is very successful in doing so! such a cute little old man!,5.0,1.0
Absolutely the best prof, I loved his classes!!,5.0,1.0
very energetic and always excited to help. very interesting and fun!,5.0,3.0
Than heaven for this man. You learn how to relate to your fellow students and get an A at the same time! Whoo hoo!!!!!!!! Whoo hoo!!!!!!! Whoo hoo!!!!,5.0,1.0
Charles is a wonderful and very special human being. Knowledgable and wise far beyond a facade of simple mindedness. Easy yes, but fair also. Fun to be around. Inspiring.,5.0,1.0
One of the first classes I took at Michigan. Professor Behling is super nice and very entertaining. I enjoyed his lectures very much. The course was interesting, a survey of psychology, and easy.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
I went to class twice in the first week and only for tests after that,and got B+,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
great professor,5.0,3.0
He seems to know what he's talking about with econometrics, but I sure did not know what he was talking about. Lectures hard to follow with no slides , there's just bad hand-writing on a google-doc. Had to go to OH every week to ask questions, GSIs great though. Super tough class, you'll have to claw to get a solid grade if not great at math.,1.0,5.0
Did abysmally on the final yet still managed a decent grade because the curve. Honestly a very badly taught class. The homework is graded very strangely and it is somewhat difficult to follow the lectures. Basically the curve makes up for it.,1.0,4.0
Not a good class if you want to learn econometrics. Great class if you want to develop depression while watching a man ramble and draw incoherent text on a word document with a stylus. 0/5 Seriously take any other professor if you hope to learn anything. You may think it can't be that bad, but it can....,1.0,4.0
Idk who gave him a 5.0 and said he's charismatic bc my class experienced the opposite. He would pre-record lectures and play them during class, but leave his computer so no one could ask questions. He was rude, condescending, and dismissive toward students. Grading/expectations were unclear and lectures were unorganized. Do not recommend,1.0,4.0
Worst teacher i've ever had. Would NEVER recommend this guy. Lectures/Assignments/Handouts posted on canvas were always late. Lectures consist of him scribbling hieroglyphics on microsoft word.,1.0,4.0
Not only is he an awful teacher as mentioned by other people, I want to emphasize that he also rude and disrespectful to students. He pretty much called someone dumb in office hours, and straight up is so degrading. He makes you think you are stupid for not understanding the material, meanwhile it's his poor teaching skills that make it that way.,1.0,4.0
Worst class I've had at Michigan. Actually baffles me this guy teaches and such a critical course at that. Laughable at points how useless and unorganized the instruction is. Seems like a smart guy but it definitely doesn't translate to teaching skill. Avoid, and am seriously considering letting the department know how terrible this was.,1.0,4.0
just don't take it,1.0,4.0
This man successfully took a relatively interesting/easy topic, and made it way more difficult than it had to be. His lectures are absolutely abysmal. Terrible handwriting, no organization, and he breezes over important concepts with minimal explanation. His exams are far too difficult given how he teaches. If you have a choice, take Asenova.,1.0,3.0
He is actually not good at teaching. If an admin watched his class they would not deem it acceptable. His lectures are hard bc his handwriting is so bad. This would be ok, if we got clear feedback on homework but its graded for credit, the only feedback you get it a +1 or 0. Now you would be okay if theres a supplemental text but there isnt.,1.0,5.0
Professor Sedo was easily the most disorganized note taker on the planet and the material covered in lecture was in no way correlated to the hw--which he frequently posted on Wed. due Friday. As for the midterm, even with a canvas crash that gave us an extra 30 minutes, I still wasn't even close to finishing. Terrible teacher, avoid his class!,1.0,4.0
Please, do not take this class with him. He isn't a bad guy, but his teaching style is horribly hard to follow, disorganized, SO confusing, and the exams are ridiculously hard. There are only two exams all semester and both have like 50% averages, and homeworks are graded for accuracy and harshly. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH HIM.,1.0,4.0
I had him for Econ251 during an online semester, and his class is the worst one I've ever had. His lectures are disorganized and you can easily lose track of what he's saying, and he can be kind of repetitive in a bad way. He doesn't explain things in a clear way, and it's hard to tell what he's trying to say, on top of the confusing concepts.,1.0,4.0
His lectures are so useless and irrelevant to assignments it's unimaginable. Every lecture consists of him writing random variables/equations while reading out load exactly what he writes. He takes zero time to explain these variables/equations at all. Also, good luck reading his handwriting if you aren't fluent in Egyptian hieroglyphs.,1.0,5.0
I'm trying to be understanding because it was his first time teaching 251 and he genuinely tried, but he's just not a good professor. Lectures involve him scribbling on a word doc with little direction. Homework and exams weren't difficult, but were confusing because he typed the equations in word, so it was a mess of parentheses and slashes.,2.0,3.0
While this was his first time teaching 251, and this semester was an adjustment with remote learning, Sedo truly tried his best. He truly cares about student success and wants to help you. He will spend hours with you to try and help you understand a concept. The lectures all build on one another so dont skip lecture.,5.0,3.0
By far the worst professor I have ever seen. The tests make no sense, and it's impossible to understand how he grades them. By far the worst econ teacher. Do not take this class.,1.0,3.0
Take literally any other class,1.0,3.0
Grading is a bit unclear. although I understand everything, it's near impossible to get an A. He's an amazing guy, very charismatic during office hours, but lectures are somewhat dry and unentertaining. He will make time for you and your questions, he truly does try. I would recommend him just because the topic is interesting. Class is exam based.,3.0,4.0
Impossible to get a good grade even if you understand the material,2.0,4.0
AWFUL. I had to drop this course because it was so dry and difficult with no clear direction. The lecture slides lack information, yet he says to use those to study. The textbook is good- if only he tested on that!! The ONLY things graded are the exams, which lack a clear grading rubric and information. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.,1.0,5.0
If you think Chad Hogan is bad, DO NOT take labor economics with Stanley Sedo. He is by far the worst professor I have had at this university. His lectures are extremely boring, the lack of content on his lecture slides make studying from them impossible. He has no sense of humor and he is not very friendly in office hours. I could go on and on.,1.0,4.0
This class has a lot of potential to be interesting, but Professor Sedo makes it more difficult than it needs to be. Lectures are dry and confusing. Very unclear grading criteria for exams. I have blatantly answered exam questions correctly, but they are still marked wrong. Take another 300 level class.,1.0,3.0
Professor Sedo is without a doubt the worst professor I have ever had. You never know what to expect on exams, and you never know if he is even right with his answer key. I have known the material for both of the exams yet have gotten curved C+/B- grades solely because what he is asking for is not clear, or he does not know what answers make sens,1.0,4.0
How this guy has a PhD in economics is beyond me. He seemingly has no idea what he is ever talking about and his lectures are the worst I've ever been to. He "teaches" the same exact material for consecutive lectures and I'm convinced it's because he forgot what he taught in the previous lecture. Worst professor I've ever had.,1.0,3.0
As soon as you get the syllabus, you will know that this is a wrong option,1.0,4.0
Took labor Econ with him this semester. He's really funny and helpful during office hours. He's a really interesting guy in and out of class has worked a lot with data and the census. I'd definitely recommend taking this class,5.0,3.0
No one can be worse than this teacher. He doesn't care about anything in the classroom.,1.0,5.0
Doesn't care about the students and is a very confusing teacher.,2.0,4.0
Too bad he had to leave the course midway because even though he was pretty bad at teaching, his exams were supposed to be reasonable. Instead what we got was a course taught by a GSI and a PhD. student who gave incredibly hard exams and were no better at teaching than Sedo.,1.0,5.0
Unfathomably disorganized professor. Unless you have the patience to suffer through excruciating lectures that fail to follow a coherent sequence, you will have to teach yourself the material. Good thing it's not that hard. It's a shame because he really does care about his students and their success.,2.0,3.0
Poor organization and terrible class.,1.0,5.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Sedo is so unorganized I could not believe it. He only gives you 1 practice exam and does not even put the answers online. I had to tell him we did not have answers. And he did the same thing for the final. Does not respond to email fast at all. Terrible class. Take another 300 level class.,1.0,3.0
Professor is awful. Unorganized at all times and lecture is as boring as could be. Literally taught class to myself out of textbook. Got B+,1.5,1.0
The worst professor you could ever take at the University of Michigan, can not see his scribbles on the chalkboard, or understand his blabberring about material unrelated to the exam, i would have rather woken up at 6am hungover everyday and gone to any other class for 5 hours every day then to have experienced what UM considers a class,1.0,5.0
Digresses and goes on many tangents during class. Actual material isn't hard, but plan on learning it yourself. Also, have strong principles to get through his tangents and digression.,2.0,3.0
Worse professor in the university. Worse prof I've ever had in my life. The notes he provides on the board are all scribbles, practice exams have more errors, mistakes, and typos than you can possibly imagine. Take his class and it's a guarantee that you'll regret it. I'm surprised that he hasn't been fired from the university.,1.0,3.0
Do not take this course, even if you think the topic will be interesting-there are far better 300 level econ courses. TAKE ANY OF THEM over this course. Prof. Sedo is completely unorganized and gives little to no exam preparation. (don't be fooled by his practice exams "with answers" because the answers are incomplete and useless),1.0,4.0
I consider myself pretty advanced in economics, I had already completed through econ 402 before taking 320 and even I found his lectures incredibly confusing. He takes somewhat simple concepts and complicates them with dozens of tangents and asides. The course over all wasn't too difficult, but if you're not strong in your principles, beware!,1.5,3.0
Very unhelpful professor. Bad lecturer ever, not eleborative, disorganized. Office hours is useless, don't expect you can get help even if you go to office hours. and make sure you can study your own well if you take this class.,1.0,4.0
Makes a lot of mistakes on the board and seems unhelpful most of the times, though he really isn't that bad of a professor. Covers the material pretty well and attending class is important since he uses chalk and blackboard, and not much is posted on Ctools. Take him if you're okay with self studying the course! (The book is pretty good!),3.0,4.0
Not a good professor, he struggles with explaining concepts and graphing/algebra. He teaches directly from the textbook but somehow is unprepared for class. Fortunately you can just teach yourself this class. He does have a dad-hot thing going on though.,2.0,2.0
Prof Sedo is so smart and so passionate but a bit disorganized and sometimes hard to understand. He is by no means a bad guy and is willing to help if you visit his office hours.,2.0,2.0
This guy is an awful professor - he gets corrected at least 47 times per lecture by students. Doesn't know what he's talking about and scribbles notes that are only legible to him. Avoid any/all classes with this guy.,1.0,3.0
Lectures involve scribbling random examples on the board that are hard to follow. Throws random additional material that's not from the textbook into lectures sometimes. Very confusing and hard to understand.,1.5,4.0
Too frequent mistakes and very bac in blackboard writing. I do not want to take his class never again.,1.0,3.0
He covers a lot of stuff in one term, the second half term is very intense. He is not very organized on his lecture notes. The class is ONLY for hardcore econ students. Don't recommend,2.5,3.0
The good thing is that the class is well organized and the homeworks are well designed, so you will learn alot if you do what you're supposed to. The bad thing is he makes the material seem MUCH harder than it really is (only prof I've ever seen do this...). I learned alot from the class, but rarely stayed awake through a lecture.,1.5,3.0
There is not a worse professor at the University of Michigan. I had him for econ 405&406. At all costs AVIOD this professor! Not one student can stand him and it is obvious he doesn't care. He couldn?t care less if you kept up with his scrambled lecturing & barely comprehendible writing. I contemplated throwing the useless textbook at him in class.,1.0,3.0
I'm an Econ major, but it was not because of his class. If he's still teaching 101... don't despair! Econ is far more interesting than he lets on. Like someone said previously, I couldn't go through a lecture without falling asleep. Get a good GSI... you will be learning everything from him/her.,2.0,3.0
I am just going to tell you one thing. DO NOT TAKE ECON 405 WITH THIS PROFESSOR. If you're going to take it, forget about the lectures and redo your HW problems over and over again and you will get a good grade.,1.0,3.0
Oh dear, oh dear, Sedo is useless at teaching. Period. Half the time spent correcting mistakes and messing up. Curve is generous though and exams weren't that hard. So, heh, makes up for it! Just run through the material yourself or find someone who understands it to explain it to you!,1.5,3.0
Terrible class. Prof makes lots of mistakes on board, and material covered is way to complex for an intro stats class. This class is often required for students who take it- so try to find a different professor (take it in the winter). There is a very generous curve though, so a good grade is still possible, but it will take a lot of work.,1.0,5.0
I felt that he explained things well when he stopped for a few minutes to explain them, but he was so preoccupied with transferring the textbook to the blackboard that there just wasn't enough time. Towards the end of the class he started outlining things more comprehensively - confidence intervals and hypothesis tests, especially.,1.5,4.0
The only positive thing I can say is that lectures are so useless that you don't have to go, which really frees up a good part of the day. GSI's and textbook are all you need.,1.0,5.0
He may be smart and a nice guy, but he can't teach. "lectures" literally involve writing examples from the book on a board, too fast for anyone to read, with no explanation. Book was also horrible. The only help here is from GSI's and the generous curve. Take 350 instead if you can.,1.0,3.0
sedo is better for older students in more advanced classes - econometrics is pretty hard and he expects a lot, but he teaches a great deal of material in a single semester making this class very rewarding,4.0,4.0
Not a good lecturer at all and not very good at explaining concepts in general. He does not seem very passionate about the topic either. I would recommend avoiding this professor and going for Gerson instead.,2.0,5.0
Very bad teacher. Doesn't even know how to do his own tests. I remember at one point when reviewing a practice test, he simply said "I'm sorry, I can't do this one." At the end of the semester, several students had to tell him how they did his problems correctly, and how he did them incorrectly.,1.5,4.0
Sedo is probably the worst teacher you could get for econ 101. I read the reviews about him and thought "eh, this wont' be so bad" but it really was. He is constantly contradicting himself and messes up with examples and everything, he also wrote all his own exams as opposed to using the standard exams like the other econ teachers. Don't get him!,1.0,4.0
not a good teacher at all, don't even bother going to lecture, might as well just read the book and go to discussion (the GSIs really know what they're talking about...i doubt they like him either) he's pretty lazy about posting grades and usually says one thing and does another...basically, avoid him if you can,2.0,4.0
I couldn't understand him in lecture, which made lecture completely useless. I just read the book and did the practice exams. My GSI saved my life. Try to get Gerson or Malone, although their tests may be a little harder, they are MUCH better teachers.,1.5,2.0
He's a good guy, but not a very good lecturer. He loses his train of thought and makes things a lot more complicated than they need to be.,2.5,5.0
very bad, not helpful, and material very hard,1.0,5.0
I didn't go to one lecture without falling asleep. He is incomprehensible, he spends a lot of time trying to figure out how to say a sentence. Doesn't know the material very well.,2.0,3.0
Not very good. Never look towards Econ.,2.0,3.0
Personally, I think he does a really good job. His lectures and presentations are very clear and organized. I have learned a lot from him.,5.0,2.0
my shoes could do a better job teaching than this guy. he is absoluetly awful.,1.0,5.0
Repeats himself, and makes things much more confusing than they have to be. Confuses himself, a lot. Makes a lot of mistakes.,1.0,3.0
Possibly the worst professsor I have had so far. Doesn't understand economics. Can't teach and makes mistakes in class. Luckily, I relied on my GSI to teach me everything. I recommend Mine, Chris, Annike, Lock or Paul if you can get those GSIs,1.5,2.0
Sedo is terrible. He doesn't understand how to explain things properly. A GSI would do a far better job lecturing than he does. He makes mistakes constantly. Either get Gerson or Malone as lecturers for ECON 101 or hope to get a good GSI.,1.5,3.0
This class his hard if you are not willing to spend ALOT of time on it. Sedo isnt very tough, but he can be kind of confusing during lecture. Read the book and focus on the practice exams and you should do okay. The B-School people can be annoying- no offense.,3.5,4.0
The gsi's make fun of him behind his back because they know that he has no idea what he's doing. If you get him, just hope you get a good gsi!,1.0,5.0
This class was pretty easy, but Sedo seems to confuse himself a lot during lecture. If anticipate struggling with this course, I would try to get Gearson instead.,2.5,1.0
One of the worst professors I had at U of M. I felt like I was smarter than he was. Made lots of mistakes. He was very very easy though and also a nice guy.,1.5,1.0
Makes a lot of mistakes on board. Changes assignments due date at will. Numerous errors on homework,1.0,1.0
The J A has a problem with making sense. He is hard to follow because every example he does he screws up. His exams are really easy though.,1.5,2.0
when someone asked him what a moment generating function was, he answered, "it's a function that generates moments.",1.5,2.0
Prof. Sedo was a great guy--always willing to help and very adept at explaining concepts.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
he is the reason i changed majors....but now i am happy,1.5,4.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Nice lady. If you odn't go to office hours, dont expect a good grade. She won't teach in class so make sure you learn from the book and ask her outside of class in office hours. She gives out an average one A all semster.,3.0,3.0
Very very nice lady--key is definitely getting to know her in office hours!!,4.0,3.0
Ehy, the class was alright (I'd be lying if I said it was easy). Whenever I'd ask a question, she'd assume I'm asking something completely different, and throw out an answer before I could finish my sentence. Not the best, but not the worst. But I would recommend another teacher if you aren't good at spanish. You'll do a lot of work in this class.,2.5,5.0
Hard class with a lot of work, but that's to be expected in the UofM spanish department. Prof. Cross really loves her students and wants all of them to succeed. The class is not easy, but she is by far one of the most helpful professors i've had. Go to office hours, participate, and show that you work hard; you should do fine.,4.5,4.0
Profe Cross is great. Although a hard grader in terms of participation, she is very helpful and a very sweet woman. She tries to get to know her students on a personal level.,4.5,3.0
She was great. Very entertaining and cares about students. She gave my class a pizza party! I would highly recommend her because she is so nice,5.0,4.0
The KEY to her class is attending office hours to get to know her. She's really personable and loves getting to know students. Also, don't sit by the same person every day. That brings down the participation grade. I recommend her for 231! Just expect to work for your grade.,4.0,3.0
Great teacher. Very willing to help students, and wants you to do well. Yes she grades tough at times, but nothing you cannot overcome by a little work. She is there to help at all times and is a very nice lady.,4.5,2.0
Although she is a very hard grader she was always very helpful. ESPECIALLY AT OFFICE HOURS. She made spanish a little more bearable.,5.0,3.0
I really did not like this professor and would not recommend taking spanish 232 with her.,2.0,4.0
Very nice lady. Grades ridiculously hard and often times doesn't follow the syllabus. Good luck fighting for a regrade because once its done... its done. You will never get more than a b+ in participation or the journals.,2.0,5.0
She seems really nice at first but she grades everything really hard. You will never get a ten on journals or higher than a 90% on participation.,3.5,4.0
Sra. Cross made the transition from high school Spanish to college level Spanish extremely easy. She uses the text book alot but really cares a lot and tries with all her heart to make class interesting and fun. She does play favorites, but as long as your one of them it doesn't matter. Also, for a good grade go to office hours.,4.5,2.0
She plays HUGE favorites. Basically if you are a teachers pet, you'll do great. She is a fantastic spanish speaker, not so much english. I'd prefer a native english speaker in the future, as she is difficult to understand.,2.0,3.0
I had her for Spanish two semesters in a row and she is sooooo sweet, and very willing to help you if you have trouble.,5.0,2.0
She is such an awsome professor, you learn a lot, and you love going to her classes.,4.5,1.0
Sweetest woman on campus. Loves her students and wants them to do well. Helpfull if you take the time to ask1,3.5,3.0
NICE,5.0,3.0
Sra. Cross loves all of her students! She is very nice and if you work hard she will give you an A. Go to talk with her outside class and it will improve your grade as well. Its amazing how much she cares.,5.0,2.0
LOVED HER :) She grades relatively easy, is very supportive and helpful. LOVE HER,5.0,1.0
I love this woman, she is the sweetest person who cares about her students. Take this class is you want to learn in a fun environment,3.5,2.0
Sra Cross really made an effort to communicate with all of the students in the class. She really knew her stuff and even hosted a dinner at her house at the end of the semester for everyone who got an A. Very nice and funny and genuinely cares!,4.0,2.0
She is very good at being available outside of class and really wants to help students learn the material. She is a tougher grader than some of the other Spanish 231 professors. Also, she grades tough on participation. It does not matter how much you participate becuase she probably will give you a grade lower than you think you deserve.,3.5,3.0
Very traditional, native speaking Spanish teacher. Very helpful outside of class. Graded assignments and tests tougher than other 231 teachers. If you prefer to learn from a native speaker of Spanish then Carmen is excellent, but I prefer a teacher whose native language is English who has mastered, and can teach Spanish.,4.0,3.0
i love carmen cross.,4.5,4.0
She was the best teacher I had so far. She cared about helping you, and if you cared and took the time to go to office hours it made a huge difference. She sincerely want her students to excell,4.5,2.0
Very good teacher, class is very interesting - she makes Spanish class fun,5.0,2.0
Nice lady if you on her good side, but she does play favorites. She grades pretty tough.,2.5,4.0
Carmen is awesome. She cares about her students and her class is actually interesting. She's got interesting stories and real-world examples. I was never that good at Spanish, but in her class, I was able to have an A average on all of the tests along with several other people. We got to go over to her house for an authentic Columbian meal.,5.0,3.0
Nice lady. You'll have fun and you'll like her but its awfully hard to avoid a B. Impossible to get an A in participating and most likely will receive between 82-86 on everything!,3.5,4.0
She's an awfully nice lady, but she plays favorites to an extreme extent - get on her good side. She's quite helpful and her grading isn't too bad, as long as she likes you.,3.0,2.0
excellent teacher!! she was very understanding and helpful when you needed it. she is also a fair grader and LOVES her Columbian heritage.,3.5,2.0
She's a very nice older woman.,4.0,2.0
She is a very nice lady, but she does not elaborate on topics that may not have been covered in high school. I find myself with a lot of studying to do, trying to figure out a concept that was not thoroughly covered in class.,3.5,3.0
it is true, the woman is amazing, but she's no pushover.,5.0,2.0
She is the sweetest woman youll ever meet. shes loves her culture and makes you love it too, shes an A+ teacher.,5.0,2.0
She is the best teacher! She's so sweet, you can tell she really cares about her students and wants them to do well. She is extemely helpful when you ask.,5.0,2.0
This woman is awesome. 'Nuff said.,5.0,1.0
Very nice and understanding.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,3.0,2.0
very nice!!,4.0,2.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
I may be wrong on the class number. It was American Lit. She has an accent and she is very soft spoken so I sat in the front a lot. I loved the class. There was A LOT of class interaction, even where the class discussions would take over. She kept making the tests easier and easier because she wanted the people that didn't care about the class to b,5.0,1.0
I may be wrong on the class number. It was American Lit. She has an accent and she is very soft spoken so I sat in the front a lot. I loved the class. There was A LOT of class interaction, even where the class discussions would take over. She kept making the tests easier and easier because she wanted the people that didn't care about the class to b,5.0,1.0
She is amazing. Despite what others here have said, you don't need to memorize every passage - you just need to read thoughtfully. She is one of the best English professors I have ever had.,4.5,3.0
This person needs to stop teaching. All she does is read to the class witg little class interaction at all. her tests are like jeopordy, she makes you mimerize authors by taking quotes from the text. 3 exams, each exam covering multiple readings which u somehow have to remember who wrote it by useless quotes. no responses to reading.horrbile,2.5,4.0
I missed class often, but the book really grabbed my attention. As long as you know the material, you're fine. We only had to write one paper in this class (if you do badly you have two more chances). The tests aren't bad if you know what each writer represents. If you take interest and put your heart into it the class is a breeze.,4.5,2.0
Her test are tricky and do not test on what was learned. I don't recommend her to anyone unless you have all the time in the world to MEMORIZE every word of the passages she assigns. becasue that is what you are tested on. She is really nice and I did learn a lot but her tests SUCK! and I hope I will never have to take a class w/ her again.,4.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Professor Webber is the best teacher I've ever had. He's clear, concise and very caring towards his students. Professor Webber gives amazing advice and has put the most effort compared to any other professor you could have in computer science.,5.0,1.0
Provided vague assignments that few people were able to figure out, gives random grades with no mark breakdowns, doesn't bother lecturing, just goes on about "code smells" and some 4th year testing course he teaches instead. Unprofessional and snarky, insults students who can't do his assignments. Was so bad he got kicked out of his own course.,1.0,5.0
No office hours, no owl page, no proper lectures, all you get are ridiculously difficult assignments and snarky remarks from this prof.,1.0,5.0
Assigns random grades, doesn't do his own lectures or assignments, and just made this course a terrible experience overall.,1.0,5.0
Really not sure why he's still teaching here. He puts absolutely no effort into lectures and copies content from other universities. Takes assignment questions from past programming contests and has an automatic program to mark them.,1.0,5.0
I had numerous interactions, Robert Webber is funny and intelligent. His resources are 90% web, leaving classes boring and uninspired. He could be an engaging prof, his humour wasn't half bad, but he needs to learn how to better use the web as a tool. His marking was sadistic and often unfair.,3.0,2.0
It's mind-boggling how unprofessional he is. His lectures consist of pulling content from other universities and his assignments and randomly assigned questions from past programming contests. Seniority is the only reason why he's still here.,1.0,5.0
Rated him last term for CS 4472. He only checked the Git logs for that class and it was an easy 90. For CS 3342, he just randomly assigns low grades and doesn't say why.,1.0,5.0
The actual structure of his is a bit of a mess. He posts everything online on Confluence in a hard-to-read bullet point form. Take a course with him though and you'll see that he gives out high grades like candy. 10/10 best professor ever.,5.0,1.0
Posts everything online in terribly formatted posts full of bullet points. He repeats everything he posts in class, and most of what he posts is not even on the final. The course work is a joke, and he has a program grade it, so he never looks at anything but the Git logs. Webber does the bare minimum, and you can pass by doing bare minimum too! :D,3.0,1.0
Webber behaves as though he has discovered some top secret CIA documents and now knows too much. He wont email you grades cause' "we all know how safe that is"; only answers emails during office hours cause you guessed it, he doesn't think it's safe to have an internet connection at home. Oh and he doesn't lecture, you watch MIT lectures online :D,1.5,5.0
His "teaching" involved handing out video lectures that were 1:30 long, then made us watch the SAME video the following class. He was supposed to encourage discussion of the videos, but instead he watched them with us during "lecture" with his back against us, so he couldn't even see if we had questions or not. Easily the worst professor at Western,1.0,5.0
Terrible at conveying information. This man should not be a professor. Those course was awful because of him when I was actually looking forward to it.,1.0,5.0
I took this class a couple years ago. To the person saying that he is good but he sucks at conveying information, his entire job is conveying information. If he sucks at that, he sucks at his job.,1.5,5.0
I won't bother talking about the prof. Just make sure to study in a group, or else you will have a hard time...,2.0,4.0
Unprepared before lectures. He started drawing a circuit on the board once and after 10 minutes of scribbling he gave up and said "shoulda made it into a slide". Kinda sums up his teaching style. I duked it out with him once in class because of how incomprehensible he was. I regret not having complained about him. worst prof. worst grade I ever got,1.5,5.0
if Webber was a piece of toast. He would be the worst piece of toast the world has ever seen,1.0,5.0
It was many years ago. But still now in my mid 30s I am reminded what an awful, god awful, horrible teacher this guy was. Some migh try and make a connection that he's a pre-madonna and SINCE he was twit that he MUST know what he's talking about. Sadly, he did not. Not only was he an insufferable old coot he had a poor grasp of his course.,1.5,5.0
What on earth is he talking about!? It's impossible to figure out what's going on in this class about 90% of the time. It doesn't help that we have to use a very cryptic circuit simulator he wrote himself, and don't have a real textbook OR online notes. He wants to be helpful, but can't communicate. Most stressful course I've ever taken.,1.5,5.0
Good course, good prof. Nice guy, always has interesting anecdotes. Assignments were fun (code breaking) and relatively easy once you got the idea.,4.5,2.0
Guess I'm going against the grain here. I got over 90% in his course. It's hard and he's not the greatest at conveying information. However, he is a very nice guy if you actually go to his office and talk to him, and he is willing to help you. You're in 3rd year Comp Sci. Other profs have babied you up to this point. Webber won't do that.,4.0,5.0
It's too bad he's too paranoid to use the web, I'd have loved for him to read the other comments!,1.0,5.0
Worst professor in entire department, please someone sack this wack job! (as in fire),1.0,5.0
Predicted that the internet would come to a stop because of insecurities in PDF files... Wrote a terribly buggy, slow unbelievable mess of an application for emulating hardware, forced class to use it for every assignment. Avoid this guy like Black Death.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
I can't think of enough bad things to say about this retard. He forces you to do completely random**** on the exams like encode your answers in base 8 and then take mod 5 of that and put that number on your scantron. He's an ****. And his course, while having assignments, were not required to be handed in until the last day. A complete ****.,1.0,5.0
horrible course, horrible professor. is there any word worse than horrible? Rediculous amount of workload, fkin GD hard exam, meaningless lecture. someone please take him back to outspace where he should belongs too.,1.0,5.0
Rediculous use of scantron sheets. 6 sheets for a single 20-question exam! Unbelieveable. Also docked my final mark 3% for putting my name in the wrong place on a test. I put my name where it said "name"... my mistake. Refused to reverse it. Got special permission to continue in Honors because this guy is totally unreasonable. AVOID AT ALL COST,2.0,5.0
Just read below, it pretty much sums it up. Except for the fact that he is the meanest person I've ever had as a professor.,2.0,3.0
He just seems unintrested in his topic and his evaluation methods leave much to be desired. Rather then assignments we wrote AIs to play tictactow. Our grade then became our placment in the tournements. Thus regardless of functionality no matter what there were always people failing assignments.,1.0,5.0
His way of teaching is really boring. Needs to put more time on each of the topics instead of just rushing through all the notes. Logic is something that needs to be developed through time. His laugh is funny too, he always stop in the middle of his laugh in case nobody else in the class laughs.,2.5,5.0
Interesting class. The assignments made absolutely no sense whatsoever. I do like him picking office hours by scantron. And now that class is mandatory to get a degree. I feel so sorry for everyone who takes that class.,1.0,5.0
I hate this class. Especially when Weber is teaching. Please someone vote him off the island.,1.0,5.0
Does anyone understand what he talks about?? And why is he just stand there for one whole minute after each question.....,1.0,5.0
Terrible F.,2.5,5.0
Made complicated concepts even more difficult. Probably knows what he's talking about, but has no ability to pass this information on to students. An alright guy - but a horrible teacher.,1.0,5.0
A difficult course made exponentially more problematic by the fact that Webber happens to be unintelligible (think of an oversized Elmer Fudd trying to teach computer architecture...),1.0,5.0
- Doesn't use course notes - assignments are more complicated than necessary - MC exam questions always MOD 4 for some reason Also teaches CS 350... if you can pick another prof. please do!,3.0,4.0
One weird professor. Marking scheme(wacked), personality(wacked), brilliance(assured). His course is one I would love ot have avoided.,2.0,3.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
This is the most condescending instructor I have ever hard.,1.0,4.0
Tries to get his point across, but it just doesn't work. My worst mark by 10%,2.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
I hate his class,1.0,5.0
No Comments,4.5,4.0
You got to love that marking scheme and his instructions on how to do his exams.,3.5,3.0
I had to give him good marks just for all that Fresca he drinks.,5.0,3.0
smart, fair, helpful, not very clear,3.5,4.0
No Comments,2.0,5.0
Brilliant Mind, Horrible Professor,2.5,3.0
****!,1.0,5.0
Prof Reynolds is a legend.,5.0,3.0
I agree he is hard on cheats but he knows his stuff. The final is fair but hard if you do not work,5.0,5.0
Knows his stuff. Very unpopular with cheats and the lazy. But if you want to learn, excellent,5.0,5.0
You can sure tell who did not work. His lectures were well prepared but he did require that people work. And from the look of things they still resent it. We had some in our class who hated him I have seen two flipping burgers at fast food stores. Hmmmm,5.0,3.0
Do not take this course. Final exam will cause you to fail due to negative marking scheme. Over 350 questions in 2 1/2 hours,1.0,5.0
Audio lectures were uninteresting and boring; Didn't address questions on the discussion forum, especially the ones concerning the final exam.,1.5,5.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Excellent prof, straight forward, no tricks, no bull,5.0,1.0
The guy who talks about negative marking must have failed Stats. He is not going to give you a 50 just for writing your name and marking every answer as true.,5.0,3.0
this prof teaches well but his negative marking scheme is the worst.,2.5,5.0
He is one of the very few profs that know me by name. He makes him self available for help both after class and during office hours. His lectures are very helpful, tells you exactly what you need to focus on for examinations. His tests are not difficult in the least. His questions are strictly out of the course notes! No tricks added either!,5.0,1.0
How can you apply negative marking scheme on assignments? The worst of the worst of the worst ever in everyone's life whoever took his class. Please stop teaching!,1.0,5.0
I can't believe this guy is still teaching. I had him in '88 and he was a grumpy, poor teacher then. He delighted in tormenting students...,2.0,4.0
so glad im not the only one complainning this old guy. if you really wanna have some challenge, just go to this class.,1.0,5.0
After taking almost 40 courses in my undergrad, I can still say this was BY FAR the worst. The recorded modules are awful. Assignments are useless and the final exam is terrible. How can you omit a major set of tables we need to do the written part of the exam? Just speaks to how absent minded he is. I can't believe they still let him teach.,1.0,5.0
Course notes were very unclear and filled with errors. Didn't need to attend class b/c we just went over course notes. Unlike prof said, exam was out in left field somewhere, not anything like the tests or assignments. Could have been a half decent course if it was better organized. He is willing to help if he sees your face in class regularly.,1.0,4.0
,1.0,5.0
he is terrible, stay away...,1.0,4.0
Worst ever~ he is qualified as a prof. plz retire, renoid.,1.0,5.0
Probably the worst teacher I've ever had, along with the worst course notes I've ever had. Result: Worst course I've ever taken Keep far far away from this teacher, as he can't teach and takes pleasure in demeaning and power-tripping off the limited authority he has over his student's fate.,1.0,4.0
Hardest exam ever!! I regret studying for it so much. If I knew he would screw us like this I wouldn't bother. I really suggest staying away from this prof. Expects you to know things he can't explained and hasn't covered!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Worst teacher eVER! He has brutal course notes that make the material impossible to learn b/c he doesn't derive anything so nothing is understood. Worst final exam - said he would take the q's from ass't/tests and totally went another way. Good Luck if you have to take it. Maybe he'll retire soon!,1.0,4.0
Either fix your course notes or retire Reynolds. Stop coming here and rating yourself. It's not RateMyself.com,1.0,5.0
the worst prof of the world,1.0,5.0
Class would be easy if we had decent course notes. The notes are impossible to follow and filled with errors. He's actually a prety nice guy if you talk to him.,2.0,4.0
Worst prof I've ever had at Waterloo,1.0,5.0
This prof is horrible, his course notes are bad and filled with errors. The guy is washed up and pathetic. Blames students for doing poorly when it's really his teaching,1.0,5.0
looking at his notes is like looking at van gogh's arts....never take his course~,1.0,3.0
course notes = ****,1.0,5.0
Abstract course notes--no formulas, just numbers!He is too bad on explaining things. can't imagine why Waterloo had this guy. He makes easy course complicated,doesnt know how to teach at all. should let him retire ASAP,1.0,5.0
He's horrible at explaining things. Course notes are confusing and vague. We wouldn't have to ask so many questions in class if he could explain things properly in the first place. If he is so good at these retirement planning annuity questions, he should be retired by now.,1.5,4.0
The notes are not complete, formulas, expressions, notation are not explained clearly. His lectures do not flow well. His jokes aren't funny and he puts students down saying we are stupid. Nice to see the professor visits this site and pads the reviews with his own comments to improve his rating.,1.0,5.0
This is a general course, but this old man tried so hard to make it harder and harder. The course notes he made is so confusing, unclear and useless. He makes stupid error on assignment handout. he'd never posted assignment solution online. I guess it's time for him to retire.,1.0,4.0
He expects you to do some work. Helpful if you ask questions. Attending class a must. He can teach if you WANT to learn.,5.0,3.0
extremely difficult prof... i would soooo avoid him if i could turn back time.. TT_TT,2.0,5.0
Very nice prof. Willing to help if you show him you have attempted the problem.,4.0,4.0
Do your work and attend class and this man will help you. He spends a great portion of the day helping students so find him if u need help. Very smart and kind man. Thank you.,4.5,4.0
I am glad I am not the only one complaining this ridiculous guy. This dude is making an easy course much harder than it is and his course notes SUCK big time !! You won't be able to understand fully without going to his class and he can't teach at all. Future applicants better avoid this nightmare.,1.0,5.0
knowledgable , but a dreadful professor, almost nigthmare. Worst thing is that he is pretty earnest in his tries but for a man as intelligent as him it is a pity that he cannot realise he makes a hard course harder,2.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
a very very brilliant,wise, kind and dedicated professor in the university. He welcomes questions. He likes student to ask. I really learned so much practical knowledge from him. Just wanna say"Thank you so much" , Prof Reynolds,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
He's very lazy, barely write anything on the board, talking all the time and wasting time. He's good for those who don't want to learn the course material coz he'll talk a lot of "funny but useless" things.,1.0,5.0
One of the worst prof I've encountered. Doesn't know how to teach at all. He also likes to make some very unfunny jokes and expect people to laugh with him. If you expect to learn anything from this guy...dream on!,1.0,5.0
Worst prof I've encountered in all 4 years. Well known for making many mistakes in notes, text, and lectures. Knows material well but incapable of teaching any of it. Sounds like Captain Kirk on lecture tapes.,1.0,4.0
Not a very helpful prof. Course was confusing and he provided little assistance. Has many mistakes in notes. Avoid this course and prof!,1.0,4.0
He's a jerk. 300 M/C's in the exam - marks off for each of the wrong answer. Audio tapes put you to sleep in less than a minute. Great course if you need a cure for insomnia. Unfair gradings in assignments, wrong notes, take it if you wanna fail a course.,1.0,5.0
avoid like the plague. knowledgeable but can't teach. course notes almost useless.,2.5,4.0
"If you want to get an ace in this course, then you'll have to read it [pointing at the textbook] six times." By the end of the term, you would have done 500 true or false questions, without remembering anything after the course is over.,1.5,4.0
Never take this course from this****head. he's a **** and is very mean to the students. the previous post that gave the guy a five must be either bribed or reynolds in person. seriously the school should really fire****heads like him.,1.0,5.0
He knows his stuff, but when it comes to teaching it... he doesn't know jack how to.. Lots of times U need to guess what he's doing! Always go to him for help.. gives major hints to questions on assignments! He doesn't give enough practice problems :(,1.5,3.0
This guy knows his stuff...but he doesn't know how to explain it. He would make an excellent actuary I'm sure, but not a good professor.,1.5,5.0
Memorize the book. Memorize the book. Memorize, memorize, memorize. Down to the very last percentage. Don't to the very last date. Memorize, memorize your butt off! If you do this and can willfully regurge the text, you'll ace the course.,5.0,4.0
Don't EVER take a DE course from this freak. Period. He is so UNhelpful, wierd, and definitely has pyshological problems. The assignments are totally undo-able.,1.0,4.0
I bet he uses old midterms and finals, the format never changes. He's messy and unorganized (just go to his office once and you'll know.) A well known Act Sci professor (even my employer who graduated 10 years ago know how bad he is).,1.5,4.0
I took the course through Distance Ed, and worked my a$$ off. I listened to all the lectures, took neat notes, memorized, read the book... and ended up with a disappointing 70.. :( . The assignments in this course scared me for life..lol,4.0,3.0
Midterm was 200 questions M.C. with penalties for wrong answers. Final was 300 questions M.C. Smart man, but boring professor. Can be quite rude with students, but can also be funny at times. Likes to pose on his desk though.,3.5,4.0
If you really wanna know something about insurance(not the calculations), take this course...if you think mark is more important to you, then just skip this one...Help for ActSc students but hard to get marks! I wont take B part anyways...,1.0,5.0
Nice person. Knows his stuff. Weird marking scheme but fair for hard-working students.Good prof!,5.0,1.0
He knows all the info, but he is such a bad prof. Too dry and boring. And, if you're too hot in the room, turn the heater down instead of complaining!!,2.5,5.0
Everything bad said about this prof comes from very bitter students who don't ask questions. This guy knows his material, has excellent examples to cement the concepts, and is very approachable. Ask Questions!,5.0,1.0
My employeer told me that this course was no longer a requried course simply because of HIM. He is the worst prof you ever find, with tonnes of excuses as well. students beware!f,2.0,3.0
Eben though I got 90+ on this course, he's the worst professor I have ever seen.....,1.0,5.0
Got a 93% final grade after completely hating this dispicable excuse for an "actuary". An absolutely joke and complete abomination of ActSci's reputation embodied with this guy.,1.0,1.0
He forgot a sheet of paper that was needed for the exam, so we had to omit that part. Midterms and finals questions are useless for anything. Not a true indication of what Actuarial Science is. This course is not needed for any upper level Actsc courses,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
Frank Reynolds is a terrible prof... very smart guy, but terrible prof.,1.0,5.0
he generelly sets out for you to do bad in his class. assignments have nothing to do with lectures/text (even for distance ed!) he even forgot to include mortality tables for the final exam.,1.0,5.0
Knows what he's talking about. Class notes and textbook (he's the author of it) a little dry though. Killer mid-term and final!! Important course for ACTSC students, but it can be made easier. Definitely not a first year level course as he claims it is.,4.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Worst prof I've ever had!!! Thank God it's over! He was extremely unhelpful, disorganized and often rude.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
No Comments,5.0,5.0
Take him to the writing clinic,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,2.0
Knows what is needed to pass actuarial exams and shows you how.,5.0,1.0
POMPOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1.0,4.0
it will be better to take Distance Ed than actually going to listen to his class,1.0,4.0
worst prof ever, unclear, makes marking unreasonable, torture to take his class,1.0,5.0
my CAV around 80%, don't know if i got 50% in this course. worst prof. ever!!,1.5,5.0
Incompetent and disorganized. Useless as a teacher.,1.0,5.0
Better than alternatives,5.0,1.0
DAMN, this dude needs to wake up......thinks too higly of himself!!!! STAY AWAY.,2.5,4.0
Nice guy, clear as mud. Pulls numbers out of thin air in notes. Stay away,2.5,4.0
worst prof i had, hate when he talks. i can go on and on with what i hate. sigh-,1.5,3.0
he is clear as crystal...and knows wat hes talking about...,5.0,1.0
In the tales of mice and men gang aft agley...read his text...garbage,1.0,3.0
long the departments elimination course. Prof ok,5.0,1.0
Really helps people,5.0,1.0
still remember it ( the course, not the material) after 9 years,1.0,5.0
Course Layout was completely confusing; NOTHING was Explained dammit! Suicide.,2.0,4.0
not a hard course as long as you have a brain and functional ears,4.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
mistakes in course notes, not very organized, will go over trouble spots,3.0,3.0
Stay away unless you want to fail,1.0,5.0
I'd rather watch curling,2.0,2.0
if you're gonna take this course, make sure it's a different prof!,1.0,5.0
Stay away!!!!!!!,1.0,4.0
made exams alternately too hard or easy, notes riddled with errors, boring,1.5,3.0
it's impossible... wanna challenge urself? take his course.,2.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
His textbook, lectures, exams, absolute nightmare.,2.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Unbelievably horrendous. Stay away!!!! Absolute Nightmare.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
It's very tough to be memorizing but that's what it's got to be. He's helpful...,3.5,4.0
Tests are almost impossible but he does curve it when everyone fails,3.5,4.0
He threatened to fail everyone all the time.,1.0,3.0
I honestly think Prof Khayat is a nice guy. He goes on funny tangents in class and loves talking to his students. His exams are mostly ripped straight from examples done in class so if you want to do well attend class. He also loves his derivations so be prepared to do a lot of them, also he never answers emails so try and talk to him directly.,2.0,3.0
What a terrible professor. Puts 0 effort into teaching. Reads word for word slides taken from the Wright State University. Practice homework q's aren't even handpicked questions, just the red labeled "hard" ones from the textbook. Told the class he has no interest in dynamics. Makes you derive pointless equations he can't do himself when lecturing.,1.0,5.0
Teaches what should be a very application-based course almost entirely theoretically. Only goes over the basics in class (and reads the slides word for word) and the problems he assigns rarely prepare you for the evaluations. If you have him, don't go to class, watch online videos, and do as many textbook/assignment problems as you can.,1.0,4.0
Roger is good at teaching suffering but bad at teaching dynamics. The resources used to teach this course are assignments(textbook questions) and public slides. Assignments are unlike the evaluations which involve deriving all dynamics equations. No material is provided to study for exams. Quizzes are not returned to learn from your mistakes.,1.0,5.0
MY FAVOURITE PROF! This guy taught me EVERYTHING I needed to know about how to stumble through textbook examples without fully understanding them yourself! Big Roger over here taught me how to painstakingly derive/memorize every equation from first principles on tests and exams, now I have Google, Facebook, and Microsoft begging me to work for them,1.0,5.0
Its very evident by the amount of time he puts in to his lectures and homework assignments that he doesn't care about teaching. Basically if you have access to the course textbook, the solution manual and a text to speech program you can get the full benefit of his course.,1.0,4.0
His lecture is great. It would help if you focused on the class rather than studying on your own through lecture notes.,4.0,3.0
Visually impaired and once accused someone of using their ipad when it was actually their notebook. Nice but doesn't know what's going on (good trait for a pet not good for a professor).,1.0,5.0
This man did it. He taught a second year engineering course without writing a single word. His abilities are unmatched - he could probably teach anything in this world, given that he continues to read everything off the slides and 'solves' tough equations by pointing his mouse over the snapshots of solved problems taken from the textbook.,1.0,5.0
Dr Khayat evidently puts little effort into lectures. They are voiceovers of textbook snippets that add very little and it often seems as though he too is reading them for the first time. Class examples are simple but then test questions are strictly derivations. You are not set up for success in this course and he is hard to reach with issues.,1.0,4.0
I am confident in saying he is the worst prof I have had yet. I have had 22 profs to-date. His "lectures" are recordings where he stumbles through the textbook readings. At least the examples in the textbook are approachable. Then, the test asks you to derive some abstract formula from first principles. He also takes 2-3 weeks to respond to emails,1.0,4.0
Professor Khayat teaches you how to throw a ball off a building, and then tests you on a mathematical proof showing that a bowling ball exists. Terrible disconnect between "taught" content and tested material. Terrible professor, avoid if possible.,1.0,4.0
Online lectures are slides taken directly from the internet that he then reads, barely going through steps saying its for you to figure out. Tests are nothing like the in class lectures or assignments and are mostly derivations with no numbers. Doesnt answer email and has no care for students.,1.0,5.0
Tests purely on long derivations. provides "lectures" by uploading textbook slides and narrating. Genuinely one of the worst professors I've had at western. Hasn't used a real number in his examples since probably last century.,1.0,5.0
This is by far THE WORST class and professor ive ever taken or dealt with. 0 organization in lectures, 0 explanation skills, 0 logic in assigning coursework and weight! Absolutely horrible class conduction, focused on calc rather than fluids! Asked for homework but never provided answers to study from for the tests!! If you can, DONT TAKE IT!,1.0,5.0
Goes on rants a lot. Never actually taught just did different derivations that would later be on the exam. Once said he intentionally doesn't answer email because there are so many. When we switched to online learning he became impossible to reach. The grades for any tests online seem like they were completely random. Lecs became screenshots of tb,1.0,4.0
When covid-19 happened he posted screen shots of the textbook as lectures,1.0,1.0
This man loves his proofs and math, so if you're no good at calc 3 you'll fail. He's disorganised with lessons (incorrect solution/proof, not finishing examples), his testing criteria is inconsistent (can go from giving all part marks to none), and doesn't agree to feedback. Goto roger's class if you wanna good laugh, he tells funny stories.,1.0,4.0
Worst prof I have ever come across. Occasionally decides to not show up to lectures without telling his students. Makes tons of mistakes on the board. Is unprepared for lectures and has to constantly refer to Dr. Savory's notes for reference because he does not seem to know the material himself. Does not cover crucial topics that were on the final!,1.0,3.0
I have never been made to feel as stupid as during class with him. This expectations of students are too high and he assumes everyone has a full degree in applied mathematics before he offers his course. Refuses to help students and if they have a problem, says that will be on the exam because he wants to test us on the difficult stuff.,1.0,5.0
He's a completely useless prof. I feel like I learn less in his classes. He likes to rant onto random topics and somehow always talks about honey. If you want to learn Fluid Mechanics, this is the wrong guy.,1.0,5.0
He doesn't teach. He rants for 3 classes in a row, gets to the answer, realizes it's wrong, and says "well. I guess there's an error somewhere in this. Oh well." Then he'll put that question on the exam. If he can't do the question on the board to show us, how does he expect us to be able to do it?,1.5,4.0
khayat.... what more needs to be said.... his course is tougher than it needs to be. He wont only test your fluids knowledge but your knowledge of all mathematical principles. I think i burn less brain cells smoking up than I do trying to learn his course material.,1.5,5.0
The final he gave had nothing to do with the objectives of the course, the entire class failed. This man is incompetent. And the only reason he's teaching is because he knows he cannot get a job in industry. Disappointing.,2.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Professor Khayat teaches from first principles as he believes it is important for us to understand the theoretical before using the practical in industry. He uses old exams every year and his questions are straight out of his notes and assignments (straightforward but obscure). His digressions are entertaining and once he starts he doesn't stop.,3.5,5.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
some people fail it multple times. i failed it once already. khayat is tight. this course is his baby since he got a divorce, so he takes it very serious,2.0,5.0
He is a joker and makes the class interesting. He makes the class easier to understand and the applications useful.,5.0,4.0
His teaching lacks flow making it very difficult to tell where he's been and where he's going. Tends to use different textbooks with different notation which adds to the confusion. Likes to make you derive stuff instead of actually using it.,2.0,5.0
"I know I look like Dr. Evil. If you want I can bring in Mini-me." -Khayat,3.5,3.0
Maybe if you were not blind and would stop insulting your class, your raport may be a little better. All I learnt from you is that milk and honey can be used in every example.,2.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
no other clean comments can be made,2.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
No Comments,4.5,4.0
Barb taught me for both CS100 and CS200. I thought she was fantastic! There was a lot of work, but folks, all CS courses are a lot of work! After I graduated, what I learned about macros, scripts, SQL, etc. really gave me an edge in the workplace. If you do your work, then you will walk away with some valuable skills!,5.0,4.0
makes a real effort to get to know students and this was online during covid; prompt replies on discussions; a bit of weekly work, but it was easy to get a good mark and was very useful information.,5.0,2.0
She means well, but course work is too long and tedious. She added an extra assignment on when the syllabus said there would be only 10 assignments. She marks the tests much harder than assignments, which is fine if we ever got any feedback faster - but we didn't.,2.0,4.0
Extremely slow at giving feedback on marks. You go through most of the course with very little feedback. Her examples were decent at best and her TAs seem to know course content more than her.,2.0,3.0
Not sure why there are so many negative ratings for Barbara, because I found her to be fair, helpful and very nice! Assignments are long, but they ARE NOT hard if you pay attention in class bc she demos the things that will be important to do for assignments. She gives exam hints in class and cracks jokes in class that make you smile!,4.0,2.0
She's an ok prof but doesn't give great concrete examples at times. It's also extremely hard to pay attention in her class.,3.0,3.0
I couldn't stand this class. The lectures were coma-inducing and the assignments were convoluted and based on archaic programs virtually useless in the modern world. The prof is a Mac fanatic which is annoying as almost everything you'll learn is on a Mac. I found her fairly disorganized and not particularly helpful, though she had good intentions.,2.5,4.0
Yea, you gotta love Barb. She is very down to earth and goes out of her way for people. That said, the course is way too much work. The greatest work load of any class I have ever taken. I learned a lot, but hated doing this course and I thought it was going to swallow me alive.,2.0,4.0
Not only one the most helpful and and understanding profs I ever had but also one of the most helpful and understanding people in general as well. (I know I sould sound like a loser, but I don't care - she WAS that good),4.5,3.0
Frankly, Barb's awesome. I knew most of the material going into this class (see the comment below about the student who could teach the class ;) and I still came out learning a ton of new stuff. You have to be willing to work hard, and she is a bit picky when marking, but she's friendly, approachable, reasonable, and knows the course material well.,5.0,2.0
I really liked her attitude towards life. She was happy and easy going, making class a lot easier to relax in. The class was pretty easy itself if you are familiar with computers at all. If you have no sense of humour or you don't like organized and serious profs, then you might not like her. Other than that, most normal people would like her!,4.0,2.0
She stresses formatting and clarity on our work like an English prof but her assignment and project instructions themselves are so vague and scattered that they might as well be written in Ubykh. Her lectures are filled with tired analogies and talks about her life too much in lectures. In fact, one of the students teaches the course better.,1.0,4.0
everytime lecture comes around, it's always a pain to sit through lecture wishing you a had a computer in front of you to try out the things she's showing...guess that's not her fault but it is in a way since it's her job is to make lectures engaging and motivating enough so that you don't need a computer,2.0,4.0
Barb is a great prof in and out of the class. She made the material easy to understand and was always willing to help. As long as you keep on top of the assignments you'll do fine. Assignments may seem a little teadious, but are easy marks. Final exam on the computer was a little tough though.,4.5,2.0
She needs to learn how to use a PC and stop making Macs sound like they're perfect. Can be kind of incompetent with the simplest tasks such as knowing how to hold the Shift key to straight lines. She said she has no degree in CS but in English literature so beware: you will be marked from spelling and grammar.,3.0,4.0
I hated this class while i was doing the assignments, but overall it was good... the prof is very helpful and makes the material easy to understand... if keep up with the work you'll do well,4.5,3.0
very nice prof, though she does make the course like an English course. Midterm and final are challenging, but the assignments are really tedious.,4.0,3.0
A really funny teacher, makes the subject semi-tolerable. Midterms and final are hard, and assignments are tedious but do them and you will be fine.,4.5,3.0
This course was really awful. Don't take it for fun, because chances are you don't know what you're doing already and if you don't it's a tough semester. The notes were cr*p and the lectures were filled with useless analogies.,2.5,4.0
Takes no accountability for the "difficulties" (i.e. technical**** that the students have to put with but shouldn't, like not being able to log into a Unix account) in labs and her "hints" for exams are crap.,1.5,3.0
she be the best lecturer.. the material is the crap..,4.5,3.0
she's boring and the course notes suck,3.5,3.0
Very good teacher, AND VERY HOT,5.0,2.0
the **** in the room isn't barb, it's the awful course - - she rocks,4.0,2.0
Very easy to understand, teaches like an english course too much,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
From a far, nice. From close, nicer! Curvy, and cheerfull,mmmm!,4.5,2.0
Barb is totally like Pacey's teacher in Dawsons Creek,4.5,2.0
She's a good prof, but too english focused - too many essay questions!!!!!!,3.5,4.0
really good and clear, good examples used in class,5.0,2.0
CS100 Lectures - useless!!!, learn it all in the Lab,2.5,3.0
good job overall,4.0,3.0
Fun Course if u have the right TA.,4.5,4.0
Dr. Purdon really knows her stuff. She's a good lecturer, but she doesn't post her slides so you do need to go to class. And she covers a lot that isn't in the textbook, so read it to do really well, but you could get by without. Her tests are all short-answer questions, but they're not hard and you get marked on the best 4 out of 5.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Purdon is highly knowledgable about the things she teaches about; she encourages seeking help and she has a good sense of humour. She seems tor prefer in-class essays to tests, which i think is great. She is an easy grader and keeps lectures relatively interesting. She is one of the best, if not the best, psychology professor i have ever had,4.5,3.0
The class was extremely easy, I got 100% as my final grade. 5 quizzes, but only 4 count and 4% research bonus! Class could be a little dull at times, but it's interesting enough.,3.5,1.0
Great Prof, intelligent, knowledegable and engaging!,5.0,3.0
She was a knowledgeable professor with substantial clinical and research experience.,5.0,4.0
Dr.Purdon was quite the prof, with her eccentric stories, "Wouldn't you just die without diet coke?" to her extreme awkwardness when discussing sexual dysfunctions made the class quite entertaining. However, she needs to stop using that stupid lazor and wearing shirts that are not transparent. An interesting course that could have been done better.,3.5,3.0
An interesting class, but more effort could have been made to make lectures more interesting. Her own personal experiences, when she did share them, were interesting.,3.5,2.0
When it comes down to it, she reads off her lecture notes.Was quite funny at times though.Relates a lot of stuff to many different Tv shows; whether that is good or bad is anyone's call. Doesn't seem to know the biology stuff too well so don't expect a detailed layout of that aspect of the field.,2.5,2.0
First of all her tests were rediculous--too many obscure facts and EVERY question had 2 "right" answers--pick the "most" right answer. Yeah OK. Secondly if someone asks a question and you don't know and you say you'll get back to us, it would be nice if you did! And stop watching so much TV!,2.0,4.0
Speaking of narcissistic personality... this teacher seems obsessed with her own research. She really thinks that she is the best, for some odd reason. Take this class if you can put up with **** profs who have poor style.,2.0,3.0
Good class, I did it in my first year.,2.5,3.0
The class itself is pretty easy, very interesting. Purdon can relate everything to a personal experience which is cool. Her tests are kinda tough though, make sure you read the text and go to lectures.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
Test questions ridiculous, easy to follow...ALL about the overheads,3.5,2.0
VERY unhelpful... don't ever go for help. Also favours females over males.,1.5,3.0
Unprepared for class;B.Gates and P>Point reason for poor presentation,2.0,3.0
Yes, everything does relate to Buffy the Vampire Slayer!,2.5,2.0
good lecturer but no need to attend, just read the text, talks alot about kids,4.0,3.0
she is really interesting, funny and intelligent. However, slightly intimidating,4.5,2.0
NOT a bird course. She is very ditzy n doesn't know info if itz not on overhead,1.5,4.0
AVOID THIS PROFESSOR AT ALL COSTS!!! He doesn't teach, he doesn't engage, and he has the voice of an out-of-tune, depressed vacuum cleaner. All he does is praise his specific model of calculator and tell you the next part of the workbook to do. He will not communicate what you did wrong on tests no matter how much you ask him about it.,1.0,5.0
I forgot to rate this professor a few semesters ago but this was easily the worst math teacher I've had in my life. Gives an ungodly amount of homework and grades none of it. Good luck trying to stay awake in his lectures, I know I couldn't. I've always been at least 2 years ahead in math, but this "professor" made me feel like a neanderthal. AWFUL,1.0,5.0
Your overall grade is only based on exams which makes it very hard to pass the class because there is nothing to outweigh a bad percentage. His lectures are sooooo boring and way too long and never emails back. He would forget his own exam dates and would take almost an entire week to give back exam grades.,1.0,5.0
Rodney Barber is an awful professor. He does NOT respond to any emails and gives zero feedback, he assumes you to learn the test criteria without homework assignments and without feedback on a said homework assignment. So how do you know whats right and what's wrong? He does not listen to his classmates at all! All he says is to look at the book...,1.0,5.0
This professor is the most contradicting professor I have ever had. Likes to single out students and give horrible grades because he can't pick one thing he says correctly. Just awful. I wish I read the reviews before having him. I am not even done with the course and I came here to write about him to warn other before joining any of his classes.,1.0,5.0
I would not take from this professor again. The section I took was a WCA section and those shouldn't have zoom sessions. But when he did schedule the, he scheduled them two hours before they started, at 11pm, and over spring break. He didn't give any pop quiz's, or tests in-between bigger exams.,1.0,4.0
This prof SUCKS. Do not take his classes especially if it is online. He only grades on exams and does not give homework. It is easy to get behind. He talks very slow so it is hard to stay involved when listening to his online lectures. Would not recommend him. Get in any other professor's class if possible.,1.0,4.0
Don't bother with the book since if you try and do things its way he will fail you. Half of the final consisted of problems that were never discussed during class. Absolutely ridiculous. Do not take a class taught by him unless you already understand everything in said class.,1.0,5.0
Professor Barber sucks as a professor I would NOT ever recommend taking him. He yells and complains about his students for an hour before starting class. Expects you to already know everything about the class and will scream at you if you ask a question. WORST professor also comes in late everyday.,1.0,5.0
Has a very hard time keeping on topic. I used to keep tally marks everytime he ranted on about the weather, politics, or his Calc 1 class. Very hard to follow. Get ready to teach yourself the entire semester!,1.0,5.0
I have never struggled in a math class in my life.... Until I walked into his room. He gets himself riled up in class and starts yelling about past students who make dumb mistakes on tests. He also acts like clearing things up and answering questions for students is a burden to him. Dont be afriad to go to the math center if you are in his clas,2.0,4.0
This professor has a hard time staying on a single subject. He gets excited and will veer off on to subject discussed in future calc classes. He doesn't seem to be organized at all. He doesn't appear to have a schedule which he teaches off of. He, doesn't use the book in lecture but hw is from the book. Hope he teaches whats in the book.,1.0,3.0
Talks about non-sense for over have the class period and expects you to learn,1.0,4.0
Terrible at explain things, just awful, you would have better luck going to the math lab and have them explain it to you (oh and by the way he discourged our class from going there, saying "they don't know that they're doing over there).,1.0,5.0
Really really hard grader. Have to show work on everything. It's either his way or the highway. Worst math teacher I've every had.,1.0,4.0
Here's the thing, to math majors this guy can be a gem. He uses fancy terms and goes into mathematical rants all of the time. If you knew what he was talking about you would probably like him. BUT, most of his students aren't math majors... Nor do we understand his terminology. He also does an extremely poor job of explaining what you're doing!,1.0,4.0
Offers extensive homework but grades none of it. More packets delivered than textbook used. Showed rude attitudes towards questions in class especially when he deemed it to be remedial or of trivial difficulty to himself. Has four tests final one in two parts one being standard second being cumulative. Demands all work shown, and done in his manner,1.0,5.0
There is no orderly way of disseminating information on when tests or quizzes are coming or what they will be covering so it's best to attend class even if it's excruciating to be there. The information taught is thrown out in such a way as to be confusing so read your book and be prepared to teach yourself, use the Math Lab and do your homework.,2.0,2.0
Took this class as a refresher after being out of high school. Absolutely the worst math teacher I've had, I don't believe he understands the concept of "teaching". If you got stuck in his class, expect to be teaching yourself from the book all semester.,1.0,3.0
Beware! He does not explain the material well. If you ask him to go over it again he gets frustrated and yells. I would NOT advise taking him.,1.0,4.0
I'd have to say, Mr. Barber is one of the worst math professor's I have ever had. He doesn't use the book at all, and basically just teaches off of handouts that he gives you. Professor Barber also wastes a lot of teaching time by going off on un-needed rants and rabbit trails. I'd reccomend to choose a math course with a different professor.,2.0,4.0
He lectures in a math class and he moves onto new subjects before he quizzes on current...,1.5,4.0
No help. Yells a lot instructor except you to understand the first time. Otherwise he just yells and gets loud Worst professor I have ever taken.,1.5,5.0
Talks a lot for first 30 minute about things that really doesn't pertain to make ( things that will earn you a lower grade and his expeditions),1.5,4.0
Mr. Barber is amazing!! He really cares about you and your grades. Most people who did not do a great job in his class didnt want to be in a math class, didnt show or didnt pay attention in class. I have a learing disablility and i did amazing in both of his class. If you dont pay attention and take clear notes you will be lost in any class.,4.5,2.0
Have 5 tests and that's all you are graded on for the class, homework is assigned and optional but I never did it and I was fine. Super boring instructer and sometimes just talks about nothing relevant. I never used my book even know he said it was mandatory. Overall I wouldn't take his class again just because I felt like I had to re teach myself,2.5,4.0
He is VERRRYYYY boring! He is easily distracted. There are no pop quizzes or quizzes of any kind. There's no homework just tests, on which he grades every little step. The tests are usually far in between, so study a week before. The tests were the only assignments to go towards your grade. Absolutely NO EXTRA CREDIT. Avoid him if you can.,2.0,4.0
Do not miss a single day... Ever or you will regret it... That was my downfall...,1.5,4.0
This is about to be the most boring two hour class of your entire life. You will sit there and MAYBE take a half page of notes and listen to him ramble about random topics for the remainder of the class period. When he is on topic he is very informative. He provides plenty of class work and handouts and gives great examples. He's socially awkward.,2.5,3.0
If math is your best subject, you will probably do really well. However, if you struggle in math take another teacher. The only assignments are tests, which are so far apart that you have to memorize about a months worth(usually around 15 sections) of informationformulas for each one. No formula sheets, no extra credit, no graded homework.,2.0,5.0
I found the class very easy but the majority of each class was a lecture about what calculator you should buy and about how lazy the author of the book is, honestly slept through the class and have a 4.0,3.0,3.0
The most boring teacher I Have ever experienced. nothing that he teaches ever sticks, and he spends most of the 2 hour block lecturing about meaningless things. keep your high school notes, your gonna need them to pass... also, he never checks homework.,1.5,5.0
He will literally yell at you every single class period. If you do one thing wrong in your work but get the answer right, no credit for you. Have fun if you get him and plan on studying every day.,1.0,5.0
BORING BORING BORING! Talks the full time and maybe 25% of the time is material, no group work, only good thing i would say is that he hands out packets and there is no need for the book when I took his class. He repeats himself on everything. and when a question is asked he will dodge the question and give a 30 min lecture on nonsense,1.0,2.0
Not a terrible professor, just terribly boring. He would often spend the first hour of class rambling about topics not related to the course. He also put material on exams that had not been gone over in class & expected us to remember a ridiculous amount of formulas.,3.0,3.0
The most horrible teacher that I have ever had here at Mott. I would definitely not recommend him to anyone. Good teacher he is just soo slow at teaching. He talks about god know what the first half of the class. And he hands out too many handouts instead of actually teaching what has to be taught to pass the class,1.0,5.0
Terrible teacher. Just about done with the semester, he planned on having 5 exams and 9 online. We have less than a month left and have only taken one test. Complains about the author of the book a lot. VERY boring. If you take the class, don't feel obligated to go to class because you'll have to teach yourself anyway,1.0,2.0
Hands down, the most boring teacher to listen to. Made me regret coming to class and sitting there for 2 hours when I would just go home and reteach myself the material.,1.5,3.0
Proffessor Barber is a great teacher. He really cares about his students and gives great handouts. If you want to do well in his class, he will help you do just that.,4.0,3.0
Worst professor ever!!!,1.0,4.0
One of my favorite math professors I have had,3.5,4.0
I really enjoyed this teacher. Make sure you get plenty of sleep or caffeine though because he does go on a bit. Never needed the book as he gives out homework. No surprises on exams. He does not have good people skills but does give great instruction. I would recommend to anyone but come to learn...,4.5,2.0
This man is very helpful, but people just don't seem to realize it. He will go over every problem you have as long as he knows you are actually attempting the homework, not just one problem. He is very intelligent, and knows how to come up with the right answer for any question. If you are not a fan of long lectures, then he is not your professor.,4.0,2.0
He is unfocused when he talks. When on task he is a good teacher but often gets side tracked and has very poor time management. Huge ranter!,2.0,3.0
2nd week of class, and I get the feeling it's up to me to teach myself the material. At this point I only show up to find out when the tests and quizzies are, because there are no set dates. Very un-organized "teacher" I use that term loosly because, he spends more time complaining about the most random things instead of teaching content.,1.0,5.0
Horrible professor, Did not learn one thing in the class. Did not use the book one time. Did not know how to teach. Goes off in his own little calculator and equation world. First hour of class all he talks about is math vocabulary that no one knows what. Then runs out of time to teach for the other hour. HORRIBLE HORRIBLE TEACHER. PERIOD,1.0,5.0
very hard to understand goes off on tangents and is hard to follow I know how to do my math but concepts i struggled with in high school he had me lost even more I have to retake the class,2.5,5.0
He likes to point out how to do the problems wrong first, then teach the correct way. He gives a ridiculous amount of homework, including the book and his own handouts, but the handouts are enough to get sufficient practice on. He complains about the book, and he doesn't reply to E-mails and hard to reach after class. And he's late to class a lot.,2.5,4.0
The class wasn't hard unless you let work pile up or if when you got something you didn't understand, you didn't seek out help. He was a little unorganized when it came to how much time spent in each chapter. He doesn't like the way the books' written, so he gives out a lot of packets he made, but if u do those and understand it you will pass.,2.5,3.0
No connection to the class. Went to talk to him after another class of his and he thought I was from that class. He will tell you how easy the assignments are and how everyone should be getting 4 points. At the same time, he made the subject harder than it needed to be through his teaching. Compared to my high school education, this was awful.,1.5,4.0
Best math teacher I ever had. I actually started to like math after taking his classes. He gives handouts, explain problem by problem. I didn't even have to study for exams and still got A+. And this is coming from a student with a 2.5 GPA.,5.0,1.0
All he does is talk bad about past students & how bad they did on exams. His examples are unlcear becuase he's back & forth with them. Nothing was explained cleary - not even exam dates. I took 110 & 120 & got a 4.0 with ease. Here, I was lucky to get a 2.0 He's a smart man & that is clear but his teaching skills are terrible. Take someone differnt,2.0,4.0
This professor is a must have for anyone who intends on taking a lot of math courses. He explains the problems in detail and also goes over actual homework problems. Some people think he wastes time talking but the key to a good math professor is not only the course work but also the lecture which can provide valuable insight on do's and dont's.,5.0,1.0
Rodney Barber is the worst math teacher I have ever had. He is constantly late to class as he seems to have a very poor concept of time. He wastes time talking about irrelevant things and he constantly repeats himself . Between nonsensical rants he somehow finds time to show a few examples, and spends almost an hour actually teaching.,3.0,3.0
This class is pretty easy, as long as you do the packets that he hands out. The only problem that I have with this class is that the professor wastes time. Out of the 2 hours that we are in class, he spends at least a full hour talking about irrelevant things. I wish he would teach more and talk about past classes less.,1.5,1.0
This class would probably be better and fairly easy for someone who is good at, or interested in math. If you have gotten high grades in math before, the book is not needed. If not, you might want it for extra practice, beyond the handouts. Attendance is mandatoy to do well in the class, becasue he likes things done his way.,4.5,3.0
I haven't done one book assignment I have only done the handouts which is enough homework and I have passed every test because the handout problems mimic the tests. Good teacher and constantly bashes the book on how easy it is compared to his handouts.,5.0,4.0
Passed out many handouts explaining details of classwork. No textbook needed, just taught pure calculator magic, which provided breaks from having to memorize tedious formulas & procedures. Do exercises on handouts & tests will be a breeze!!,5.0,1.0
Class was just stupid he would be up there getting all worked up about mistakes that people make on his test and didn't explain things very well so I was confused most of the course.,1.0,5.0
Mr. Barber is an ok guy, but the way he teaches is hard to keep up with and he doesnt really give you time to ask questions.,2.0,5.0
Horrible teacher,1.0,5.0
I loved the way he taught. You dont even need to use ur textbook and do homework if you pay attention in class. Easy pace to keep up with.,4.0,1.0
He is only difficult if you don't pay attention. I was terrible at math until one class prior to this one and his handouts were sufficient to the point that I did not even use the book. I got an A. His examples are exactly like what he puts on the tests, so there is no miscommunication about what to expect. Pay attention and you'll be fine.,4.5,2.0
He is the worst teacher that I had ever had. He is not clear at all and will not help anyone if they ask him a question. He is so lazy he doesn't want to answer questions because it means he will have to do something. He never uses the book and gives handout after handout. All he does is talk about how the book sucks and the authors of the book are,1.0,3.0
Worst teacher I've ever had by far! I have 72 credits and he's the only teacher I've ever received less than a 4.0 from. He continuously talks about what he's going to teach but never actually teaches. He stairs at the ground the entire class period and yells at you like you're stupid. Would never take him again!,1.0,4.0
one of the greatest instructors i have ever had. his packets will help you tremendously. if it doesn't then you are very lazy. i indubitably agree with everything he said during all of my class sessions with him. most students are too lazy and don't revere math or him. he is the math man. i once told him he reminded me of a caring drill instuctor.,4.5,4.0
I would NOT recommend Barber for anyone! Math has never been a tough subject for me, until I was in his class. All day he complains and when you ask him a question he belittles you in front of everyone. He doesn't collect homework nor check attendence so your overall grade is how you do on your exams. Thanks to him I have to retake math 130.,2.5,5.0
Knows his stuff. Always late. Gets off track easily with complaints about how students set themselves up to fail or how much he dislikes the author. Would not recommend for someone who knows Algebra is something they may struggle with. Not a class to attend whenever you feel like it either.,3.0,4.0
Barber is a great teacher!! He makes Algebra very clear for you! He is hard, however he gives great examples so you can solve his tough problems. Go to class and do his classwork sheets and you will do fine!,5.0,3.0
If you pay attention you will be fine. He rambles on and on and on, complains about the textbook frequently, and gives out countless papers. But if you do his reviews you won't even need to open your book.,3.5,2.0
He does give good detailed note packets. However, I couldn't get past his personality (or lack thereof). He sits at his desk, and stares right down the center of the aisle, looking at no one. He complains about the textbook daily (it isn't hard enough he says). He focuses so much on mistakes students make. He would go from talking normal to YELLING,2.5,5.0
"That is VERY VERY wrong" If you want to go to class to hear that I insist you take his! He has good notes but loves to mark anything he can wrong. It's his way or they highway on his tests(which are your only grade)!,2.0,5.0
Barber is brilliant and extremely passionate about math. He can be intimidating at first, but stay a little while longer and you'll get used to him. His classwork packets are amazingly awesome for notes to have. His grading is very lenient for math as well, alot of partial credit possible if you get a brain freeze during testing. I revere this man.,5.0,3.0
His teaching style is non-interactive. He sits behind his desk while he teaches and complains about how the book doesn't challenge us enough. I think if he were a good teacher, he'd stop complaining and interact with students more.,2.0,5.0
I suggest not taking this class. He rambles in class about what we will be doing, what we are doing wrong, and that we need to move faster, but he never actually moves faster or teaches.I had him for an 8:30 AM class and he was late every day.If you need this class as a pre req. just wait to take it because you will not learn what you need to.,1.0,5.0
The most precise math instructor ever.,5.0,3.0
If you attend the class and follow his study guides, you will do just fine.,5.0,3.0
Horrible teacher...he knows a lot about math a lot but doesn't teach anything half the time he would talk about stuff we learned in a previous class and then spend 20 minutes on stuff we were suppose to learn. He also never gave any examples,1.5,5.0
He is excellent at teaching algebra so that it makes sense to anyone. He knows his material and he gives plenty of in-class examples and problems. The handouts are an excellent aid towards doing well. If you ACTUALLY do the homework you will have no problem on the exams. The hardest homework problems are harder than the exam problems but if you,5.0,2.0
He was the best math teacher i ever had. He gives you plenty of practice homework with step by step guide, if you study these and show up for lecture you should do fine. The tests are just like the handouts he gives. His final is long and it is 30% of your grade. I was weak with word problems before now i finally understand them because of him.,2.5,3.0
Best math instructor ever! Before I register I check to see what he's teaching that semester.,5.0,5.0
Awful teacher. He knows a lot about math, but has no clue how to teach. The tests were way harder than the homework and the tests make up the entire final grade. Seriously awful, stay away from this guy.,1.0,5.0
I thought he was a fair teacher. He gave out study guides most of the time. (His study guides have vital information for the test, study them) You have to be dedicated and spend plenty of time. He does not go over everything in the book, but the stuff he does is likely to be on tests. I thought I should have received a better grade.,3.5,4.0
bestmath teacher I ever had!,4.5,3.0
He is the worst teacher I have ever had. He doesn't review material and has a terrible teaching method. He tries to cram way too much information into short periods of time and expects you to teach yourself.,1.0,5.0
These people are all crazy! He is hands down the best math instructor I have ever had. Everything is presented clearly and he lets you know EXACTLY what he expects from you on an exam. Great guy.,5.0,2.0
Absolute worst teacher I've had in my life! You're more confused when you leave his class than if you hadn't came at all! He wastes your time. He talks just to hear himself. He's completely unhelpful and makes you feel stupid for asking questions. DON'T TAKE HIS CLASS!,1.0,5.0
By far the worst professor i've ever had, very unclear and unwilling to correctly answer a student's question. The tests were somewhat difficult, and the professor had the whole class in a daze a half-hour into the period.,1.0,5.0
He's a horrible teacher. He was very unclear in my class... most of the class ended up dropping his course. He goes nuts with your test on taking off points, he gets angry with it and deducts more and more as the test goes on. Very unfair and unclear professor. He just cannot teach nor convey what he is thinking,1.0,5.0
If you know the material before hand, it's an okay class. Go to class and get the hand outs and study them heavily before tests. His tests are hard if you don't study. Otherwise, get the handouts, everything on the tests are on the handouts.,3.0,3.0
I liked this instructer because it was fairly easy and I could understand him, unlike most math instructors,3.5,3.0
Relatively good teacher. Uses the full 2 hours to lecture. If you can't handle learning in a lecture-only class, definitely don't take Barber.,3.0,2.0
This guy rambles and rambles on and on and doesnt really get to the material that he wants to cover every day. Speaks in a mono-tone voice, becomes very annoying and hard to follow him. I would not recommend him for anyhing,1.5,4.0
a hard teacher,5.0,5.0
rodney is a fair player and an erudite mathematician. he understands and always ready to assist individuals if you make your shortcomings known. i had him in spring and had no cause not to recommend him to any serious student.,4.0,2.0
If you have any knowledge of the material before the class, then you should have no problem. If not, you'll hit a road block. He goes into EXTREME detail with everything and it may confuse you. However, because of that, if you don't understand something, you can look it up in a handout of his. Intimidating at first, but you get used to his yelling.,3.0,3.0
Excellent instructor, explains everything clearly so there is no excuse to do bad on tests.,5.0,2.0
Nice guy, sexy voice! Tests are long and challenging, but no "trick" questions. Will give partial credit for work shown and honest attempts. Lectures can get off on tangents, but he does get the info out there, just have to be patient some days! Loves the TI-83, shows how to do most of the problems on the calculator instead of longhand :-),4.0,4.0
he gets lost when he's teaching and he knows his stuff he just can't get it across to students, he's VERY unclear and isn't that helpful if you dont understand what mistakes you made. He spent too much time on easy problems and didn't emphasize the harder equations like he should have so during the test you would be lost... just like in class when,1.0,5.0
A great teacher that really knows how students think. I would definitely recommend him... plus the way he says "calculator" or calc-anything is funny XD,4.0,3.0
goog guy,4.0,3.0
Horrid teacher, very monotone. Tests are so long it isn't even funny.,3.5,5.0
Took him a while ago, but dropped the class. He was so unclear. Everyone just looked around at each other in awe. Spent too much time on how to use the calculator. Terrible class.,1.5,5.0
Nice man, VERY boring! His hand-outs are very helpful, but he is not so helpful to the visual-learner. He is very open to answering Q's, but doesn't seem to know when to stop.(Redundant!) I did a lot of homework in class(I got a 4.0). Bla bla bla mu, bla bla bla standard deviation, bla bla bla...:-),5.0,2.0
He's a very nice teacher. He gives you every oppertunity to make up quizes and exams if you miss class that day. Make sure to do all the homework and study your notes for the exam or you will be screwed. You cannot cram for his exams. He grades on a slight curve which really helps.,3.0,3.0
Do not take this class unless you are already pretty familiar with calc because he doesn't really know how to teach it. Do not take this class if you have difficulty paying attention because he is so f***ing boring. Really nice guy, bad teacher.,2.0,5.0
He knows it, but can't seem to teach it. He has a monotoned voice that drones, then - BOOM - yells about something! Oh, my ears! He treated us like idiots, very intimidating.,1.0,5.0
He doesn't make you learn all the useless formulas, just the calculator stuff - since thats all you need anyways. Lots of handouts and explains things really well. Takes time to tell you precisely what will be on the test so you don't get it wrong. Good teacher!,4.0,2.0
I read these comments before taking him and was so scared...which was completely unfounded. I was surprised to find that I really really liked him. So helpful and explains things very well. I hate math, but found this class easy and helpful!,4.5,2.0
Oh god he's terrible.,1.0,5.0
The class was difficult. There is a lot of studying. Mr. Barber was very helpful though. He made handouts of how to solve problems for all sections that we covered. He also made problems and went over them in class. Math is boring but I found it fun.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Maybe this prof. is differnt for lower level classes but i didn't have a problem with his class at all. He is wiling to help and some aspects of the class were not a problem and others were more difficult, but that's the nature of the class. can be boring,4.5,3.0
Ever wonder what would happen if Barry White and the Ben Stein (the Visine eye's guy!) where to become one person? Well here's the result! His voice is deep like Barry and more monotone than Ben! If you need a nap & don't want to learn this is your cl,1.0,3.0
Mr Barber is a smart man and unsterstands math very well. Unforunitly for us students he doesnt understand how to teach it. He is unclear and unhelpful to students who have problems w/ math. Only take him if u are very stong at math.,1.0,3.0
TERRIBLE>. cannot tell you how terrible he was! He made me cry once for asking a question. He told me my work one time was "pure unmitigated junk". He is terrible. He looks like The Nutty Professor.. when he is fat. He is just aweful. Don't t,1.0,5.0
This class was horrible!,1.0,3.0
This teacher SUCKS!!! He doesn't know how to teach this subject at all. All of his worksheets have errors in the answers and he is very unhelpful and unclear. Don't take him if you can avoid it!!!!,1.0,5.0
he is an **** and he does not know how to teach. He stands up there and talks just to hear himself talk. He talks in the most monotone voice you have ever heard and i can not stand the dip****. Most people skip his class and seek help just to learn,1.0,5.0
Does not give homework And without homework you dont learn what you are doing wrong as you go. The class is very exausting and he is hard to understand. If you are like me and need to be taught what to do dont take this class.,1.0,4.0
very hard if your not good at math and are just taking this class as a requirement for business or something else dont take him very hard tests and talks in a monotone voice, makes it harder than it is,2.0,5.0
Was not a hard class but he spoke in the same tone of voice for the whole semester. Problems on tests are worth major points so be prepared.,3.0,2.0
I LOVED Mr. Barber... the best college professor that I have ever had... it took him forever to explain stuff, but you knew you know would know it by the time he was done... I highly recommend him!,5.0,3.0
Hard teacher, but good. Needs to smile more!,3.5,4.0
Barber was an awesome teacher. He is very thorough and helpful in understanding mathematical concepts. I enjoyed him and his class. He tells you in detail what to study for, so if you do bad it is your fault.,5.0,3.0
He knows his subject well and teaches it just make sure you study for those exam,4.5,3.0
No Comments,4.0,1.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
The course used ALEKS which was hard to navigate. If any small human error occurred in a quiz or test, it was marked wrong. She also didn't put grades into canvas, it was automatically input from ALEKS. Overall not bad, keep up on lectures and give a lot of time to do the quizzes and tests. The syllabus has everything in it so reference everything,2.0,3.0
Math is hard for me, but Professor Suttons course is easy to follow, and her videos are very helpful. If you keep up on your assignments and are not afraid to reach out to her for assistance when needed, you will do fine. She is very good at responding to messages and will help you when you need it.,5.0,3.0
She does nothing. Professor Sutton was not at all involved in this class at all. There are no assignments, only tests. This class was horrible for me.,1.0,3.0
I went back to school after many years and math was a requirement. I'm so glad I got in this class. Math is not a strong subject for me but Prof Sutton was very thorough and I could understand it. Some chapters were a breeze, others I had to work at it but she was accessible if I had any questions. Syllabus was clear. Weekly lectures via Zoom.,5.0,3.0
She is nice and easy to work with, I did not have much communication with her since I had this class online, but when I did she was very nice and understanding.,5.0,3.0
Overall good class. Quizzes can be taking unlimited times. Discussions must be done. Exams arent too hard. If you need help, its not easy. Professor is very nice!,4.0,4.0
She is the literally the sweetest woman, she cares so much about each individual student and in the online class puts so much effort into making videos for all of the problems. The problems were through Connectmath. Also for the textbook, dont make my mistake and overpay- get the access code because the textbook is digital through there!!,5.0,3.0
She makes things very easy, but that can be a little boring if youre more advanced in mathematics.,3.0,1.0
She encouraged me to calm my anxieties and assured me she had worked with students just like me in her 26 years of teaching. She was always pleasant, eager to help and further explain. She took her time and wasn't annoyed if you asked questions or needed clarification. She lets you work in groups except on exam days. She is fair. Just do the work.,5.0,4.0
Math is my worst subject but she made it very easy. Thoroughly explains everything. Accessible outside of class. Very nice and is willing to help. There is book use. Lots of group work, group quizzes.,4.0,3.0
She is a wonderful teacher and allows you to use cheat sheets and notes. Only downside is she was absent often this semester but it was because she was sick (out of her own control, I understand that) It just kind of sucked because she was gone during test reviews often. Explained the material and was amazing regardless!,4.0,2.0
Excellent Professor! Very easy class, she explains the content extremely well! Group quizzes and classwork, tests are on your own but you are more than prepared. Homework is optional but highly recommended, if you pay attention you will pass and do the homework you will pass. Best math teacher I've ever had.,5.0,1.0
Best math teacher I have ever had. If you struggle with math take her, she makes everything easy to understand, color coordinates her notes, organized and very approachable. No homework, open note and group quizzes, and a cheat sheet for exams. I did not use my textbook at all. I will definitely take her again, easy A if you put in the work.,5.0,2.0
If you want to understand math, take her. If you are a first time college student or someone returning to school I recommend her. She doesn't move on until everyone understands the criteria. She's very nice. Have to buy the book. She is awesome.,5.0,3.0
She is a great professor. She made everything easy to understand, and she didn't move on till every one understood the material. I probably won't need another Math class, but if I do, I hope that I can have her again.,5.0,3.0
Definitely need to purchase the math book, very nice professor. She is very clear and really takes her time to help you understand. She grades fairly and will give you points even if you got it wrong. I recommend her!,5.0,2.0
A wonderful professor ! she explains everything and allows for questions to be asked . Loved her !,5.0,2.0
Ms. Sutton is amazing!! She is the best teacher around, I definitely recommend her!,5.0,3.0
She is a nice lady, however, not the best teacher. Yes, you do get a 8in x11in notesheeet for all exams and you are allowed to use your notes on quizzes, but i strongly suggest you take a different professor if you actually want to understand the subject. Shes also big into group work and this is where youll be doing most of your learning.,3.0,3.0
I loved her style of teaching math not being my strongest subject she made it much more tolerable. She color coats everything on the white board, and breaks it apart until it is easy to understand. You don't need a book don't waste your money she gives you study sheet and allows notes on exams and quizzes. The group quizzes great and help alot!,5.0,3.0
Just read all the other reviews! She is an amazing teacher that make sure her students know what she is covering. She is always willing to help when you ask a question. If you are good at math and dont need a lot of extra practice, dont waste your money on the book. Full notebook page cheat sheet for every test. Can use all notes on Final Exam.,5.0,1.0
I had to retake Math 120 and I chose Professor Sutton and it was a great choice! Let's you use as many notes on Quizzes and Tests. You can buy the book to do Homework but I never used it. No Calculator but in reality you can't use a Calculator in a Math 120 class anyways. Does group and individual quizzes too.,5.0,3.0
She was my teacher for Math140 and 170. Lets you use all of your notes on exams and quizzes. Shes very easy to talk too. If you plan on taking math above calculus 1(math170) don't get use to using notes for the exams! Luckily for me i just needed up to 170. She is a Michigan Tech alumni, so that's a plus. She's great. Dont get too comfortable!,5.0,2.0
Got a 95% or better on every test. Show up and you will pass. She is amazing at explaining things if you need extra help. Very caring,5.0,1.0
This is by far the best math teacher I've ever had, she's great at what she does. She takes time to use different color marker (makes it much easier to understand) and she's real down to earth. If you don't think your good at math, you'll feel like a know it all by the time you walk out of there. Definitely recommended!,5.0,1.0
There are quizzes, some are done in groups, and test, all open note. She is very clear on what she expects, and tries to explain it the simplest way and is always willing to help.! She gives your a list of practice problems but they are not turned in for grades.,5.0,1.0
Professor Sutton is the best math teacher I have ever had! She goes over example problems step-by-step on the board and makes things easy to understand. She sets clear expectations and is more than willing to help anyone understand the concepts. Homework is optional, both individual and group quizzes, and open note midterm and final!,5.0,1.0
Prof. Sutton was AMAZING! I was so worried about doing well in this class, as math is not my strong subject. She made it clear and understandable. Would recommend her to everyone, especially those who struggle with math. Her awesome personality was a bonus!!,5.0,4.0
She is by far the best professor I've ever had. Always on time explains every step very clearly she grades promptly and once you receive you're quiz or exams back she's gives and answer key to show what you may have done wrong. She is willing to answer and questions. Doesn't require homework and allows group work on some quizzes. I would recommend,5.0,1.0
She allows students to use their notes on everything. This is one of the reasons that most of the students adore her. I find that it means that most of them skate by without actually understanding what it is that they are actually doing. She is slow to grade exams and quizzes and is constantly running late to class.,3.0,1.0
Well prepared and willing to help.,5.0,2.0
If you are taking math trust me you want to take her, She is the best math teacher there! And she breaks down problems in dummy mode so that you get it! She is the best math teacher there.,5.0,1.0
Don't let the other ratings fool you like they did me. She is horrible! Does not respond to emails, no help when needed, fast pace, always late to class, unorganized, does not use blackboard, late in grading, ect... Only grades with quizzes and exams. I had to drop this class at mid-term due to all the above issues and more.,2.5,5.0
Amazing teacher!! I absolutely hated math and hardly understood it until I took her. I had taken this course once before and had to withdrawl due to a horrible professor. She's very thorough and assures you know the material. Very organized and takes her time in explaining the methods used for the material, all you gotta do is show up!,5.0,2.0
Fantastic teacher! I waited to take MATH-120 until I could get her as my teacher. I took MATH-82 with her as well. She works to assure you understand the materials presented and is always willing to spend extra time to explain information when needed.,4.5,1.0
DO NOT take this class online unless you want to teach yourself out of the book or from Youtube with little to no instruction from the professor. Very slow to return test grades. I took my final exam before knowing the grade I received on the prior exam.,2.0,4.0
Excellent professor. I never truly understood algebra until I took her class.,5.0,2.0
Awesome! she breaks everything down so you can FULLY understand what exactly she is teaching. You take both group and individual quizes, also you have group projects. Always give you answers to quizes. The final is an open note final, and she gives you a heads up on exactly what to expect in the class. I enjoyed being in her class :),5.0,2.0
I took her online course because of course, she has amazing reviews, and I do not doubt that she is an amazing prof. but do NOT take her for an online course, unless you can teach yourself basically everything like I have. I expected at least videos... nope. And barely ANY examples in her notes. ugh :(,1.5,4.0
Awesome teacher, can teach anybody math, even those who have are long history of disliking math found class interesting, and learned something. She was very fun and a likable person with a sense of humor which relieves a bit of stress!,5.0,1.0
Sutton is a great professor. She is helpful, easy to understand, and down-to-earth (unlike math professors who are robots). I felt like she wanted me to succeed because she was always willing to spend time and help me understand things more clearly. Also, her unique teaching format of alternately working individually and in small groups helped me.,5.0,2.0
Very helpful! Goes over every assisgnment on board; as well working with you one on one! makes math enjoyable and fun to learn for those who suck in math! 'like me'!,5.0,2.0
Very clear. Easy A as long as you know what you're doing. No note quizzes but full note final.,5.0,1.0
I had her Basic Math and she was an awesome teacher, but I am taking one of her online classes and she takes forever to grade our tests so it makes it hard to see where you stand when your taking an exam without having a grade for your previous exam.,4.0,3.0
She was very helpful, friendly, and liked seeing her students learn and succeed. She was also the coolest math teacher I've ever had because she is down to earth and has a sense of humor, unlike those math professors than can induce catatonia in their students.,5.0,2.0
This woman is awesome. Great lady. She knows her stuff. Extremely helpful. I hate Algebra, but she explained it to where I did undrstand it. I wish all teachers at Mott ere like her.,5.0,2.0
A very helpful instructor, she'll go way out of her way for you. A++ teacher.,5.0,2.0
If you struggle with math take Lynn, she explains everything very clearly and makes sure everyone understands. Take her class....,5.0,1.0
Ms Sutton was very easy going and so helpful. I just hated math was dreading taking this class but it turned out to be alot of fun. I would definitely take her again. She will help anyway she can!! Great teacher. Thanks,5.0,1.0
one of the best math professors at mott.,5.0,1.0
Lynn is the best math teacher I've ever had. She made it easy and this is coming from a kid who tries to avoid math classes like the PLAGUE! You have a quiz every week but they are in groups, and the only test you take is the final. Homework is optional too, but I recommend doing it. I got an A and that's an unheard of math grade for me! She rules!,4.5,2.0
Great teacher, makes sure you understand everything. Super easy quizes, the finals are multiple choice, and homework is pretty much optional! Only complaint is that she uses the calculator a lot and doesn't teach you to do it by hand first (I know most people don't care about that but it makes it easier for me to understand),4.5,1.0
Lynn is the best Math teacher that I have ever had. No one has ever explained things in such a clear way and it is obvious that she knows the math and isn't just teaching out of a book. If you take notes and review them before a quiz or test, there is no reason not to get an A. I highly recommend her.,5.0,1.0
Great professor. Very helpful and fun.,5.0,1.0
Mrs Suttton was great!!! I hadn't had a math class in a while and thought that I would have to take 101 in order to take this class. She brings you where you need to be and offers a lot of help and explanations.,5.0,1.0
She did not answer my questons.,1.5,4.0
Love the class and hoping to take her for 161. She doesn't just give you the answers. Group work most of the time and when you're not working in groups you got to use your notes.,5.0,1.0
She takes an awesome approach to math by allowing you to work in groups on all labs (basically the in class assignments). Homework can also be done in your groups. Exams also have a group work part on them. She makes sure that everyone understands the work and doesn't just give you the answer when you ask a question. She makes you think.,4.5,3.0
NEVER RESPONDED TO EMAILS REGARDING QUESTIONS ABOUT HOMEWORK!,1.0,3.0
good energetic and excited math teacher, made things very easy to understand, very helpful took the time to explain things so that everyone understood,5.0,1.0
She's awesome. She's dedicated to her students!!!!,5.0,1.0
Lynn is an awesome teacher... she's very organized and she makes sure you understand everything in her classes... Group work got you to see others' perspective on the work and figure out new ways to do things. I love having her for an instructor.,5.0,2.0
Don't bother with her distance learning class. Takes forever to return tests, videotapes are more confusing than helpful.,2.0,2.0
Group work!!!..aka. EEASY points! If you dont understand, you will either learn it in the group or Lynn will explain it. Down to earth, nice. Passes out CaNdy during tests.,5.0,2.0
Explains everything very well. Has no problem re-explaining if you don't catch on. Very clear. Hated the substitutes. They wern't as good as she is.,5.0,1.0
She really understands math and knows how to teach it in so many different ways. She also is down to earth and fun. To a couple of the above comments she was on maternity leave. (twins) She was always in class. For the two courses I had her for.,5.0,2.0
Wonderful teacher. Even though I was underqualified for the class I took, she made it very easy. Too bad she only taught for half the semester. Very enjoyable to be around.,5.0,2.0
Lynn is great! If she isn't at class there is a ligitimate reason for her not being there. She's extremely helpful and pleasant. A great joy to have been in 3 of her classes.,5.0,1.0
Lynn is a good teacher, when she shows up. She likes to make sure you understand what is going on, and she will work her hardest to make sure you do, but she's only been to about 8 classes all semester, and this is the second to last week.,4.5,4.0
Great teacher and great personality. Lynn is very helpful and willing to work with your schedule. I learned a lot from both classes I took with her.,5.0,2.0
Lynn is awesome. I love her class. She makes learning so much fun. She is really down to Earth. She knows you have a life outside of school, so she doesn't make it too difficult. She is awesome.,5.0,2.0
I hated math and i was very bad in it but Mrs Sutton made it seem so easy and now i am passing the class and actually liking it. She is awesome and i recommend her to anyone.,5.0,1.0
She is the best! Absolute inspiration!,5.0,1.0
not to hard,3.5,3.0
excellent teacher! I wish the could all be as good as her.,5.0,3.0
What an awesome teacher! In clas group quizzes, notes for final exam. She understands math well, and can teach it to those who have no clue. I hated math until her class, she helped me tremondously!,5.0,2.0
Very nice,5.0,3.0
I absolutely loved this class! She's a great teacher!,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
I had Chuck from 1981 to 1983 for Music Theory and Jazz Ensemble. I believe he is one of the best professors I've experienced. Excellent teacher!!!! Thoroughly enjoyed trips to Montreiux and Columbus. He offered us an wonderful performance opportunity and excellent education. THANKS CHUCK!!!!,5.0,1.0
Chuck is amazing. He is God's gift to the earth when it comes to music and jazz. He let me leave early every day, and would give me all the handouts I needed when I got up and left, right in the middle of him teaching. Went out of his way to help people get a 4.0. He gives you a study guide with all the answers to the test. He is the BEST!,5.0,1.0
Chuck is so cool...he is also funny, smart, and the class was pretty easy. Make sure you study the study guide and you will do very well. I got a 4.0 and I would take him again and again. TAKE HIM...,4.0,1.0
Chuck is very nice, and his classes are very easy. I had Chuck for Jazz Apprecation& Music Appreation and got a 4.0 in both.Great in class professor,and for online classes. He gives a study guide for all the test, and all the information on the test come from the study guide. The class can be a little boring, but its not to bad.,5.0,1.0
Jazz appreciation was the best college class I have ever taken. Chuck knows his stuff and I actually looked forward to going to this class.,5.0,1.0
GREAT MUSICIAN,5.0,3.0
I had him for music appreciation. He used all kinds of different media to teach us. I truly feel as if I appreciate music after taking the course. It was a shock to me when American Idol came on and they actually made bad comments about singers.,5.0,1.0
BORING,3.0,3.0
amazing teacher. he treated class with respect. he made lectures interesting with his excellent flair for communication. movies were wonderful way of adding to the learning instead of solely boring text book learning. he appreciated a class that was sincere. the best teacher i have had in my college pursuit thus far,5.0,3.0
awesome professor, he treated class with respect. he made the lectures interesting with his personal flair for speaking. he appreciated a class that showed interest and went that extra mile with us. the movies were awesome and a great way to add on to our teaching instead of straight text book. he was real, down to earth and honest and fair.amazing,5.0,3.0
Hilarious professor prone to wild tangents but he really knows his stuff. Easy A class that you can learn quite a bit from and I loved his lectures but we watched way too many movies. I skipped quite often because we watched them so much and I still pulled a 4.0 so it's a good class if you're looking for something easy.,3.5,1.0
Great instructor down to earth very knowledgable, films were great they kept my attention. Fair grader, if you study his test review you should be fine.,5.0,2.0
He's awesome! Smart,cool, and super sarcastic. Great teacher. He's a rockstar,what else can I say!,5.0,1.0
He is just plain awesome,5.0,3.0
Went into the class not interested in jazz came out with a much greater appreciation of music in general. Oh yeah, he always talked about this girl Mary Jane. Very cool guy, i would suggest you get him if your taking a music class.,5.0,3.0
This class was ok. I am a science major and I just took the class for a HUM. The test are easy, just use the study guide. But no matter how hard I tried I never got more than a C when it came to the discussion questions. I took the class on line. The book is horrible resource for answering the questions he assigns.,2.5,3.0
Hands down, the most interesting class I've ever taken. Chuck was extremely personal in his teaching methods and all of his music experience and personal stories (very relevant to the course) really kept my attention. Highly recommended, I plan on taking another class with him just for fun.,5.0,2.0
Probably the most interesting teacher at Mott. No WAC is done in the class. Mostly lectures and movies. Easy A if you study the study guide.,5.0,1.0
like everyone else says....very easy...just take the tests(he gives review sheets the week prior) very nice guy, I had a problem with my grade, and he fixed it right away and sent me an email before I got home letting me know it was all good.,4.5,1.0
Has personal experience with many of the artists we were covering. Great lectures with lots of anecdotes that lend to the subject. When writing a paper, SPELLCHECK or use the writing center... he doesn't teach english, but he could teach a teacher. I've signed on for another class with him it was awesome.,5.0,1.0
He is a fantastic teacher!! I would recommend him to anyone. This is a great choice for WAC and HUM credit!!,5.0,1.0
This was the EASIEST class I have ever taken!!!!!! I took his class distance learning... EASY 4.0. I got done early too. I did not read any of the assigned chapters and the music logs were easy. Tests were ridiculously easy because he gives a review with all the questions and answers and they are in the same order on the test. Take him!!!,4.0,1.0
Cool, cool, cool guy. The most laid-back person I have ever met, which is a GOOD thing. Class was a blast and he is a really good teacher who enjoys what he does. Show up and pay attention and you will have yourself a 4.0.,5.0,1.0
He's an amazing teacher with a welth of knowledge that expands past music. I wish I had time to take his Music App. class. As long as you get the study guide for each test and you look at it for about 30 minutes you will pass. Even if you dont like jazz, you will want to learn more after a few weeks. I reconmend this class to all!,5.0,1.0
Chuck is an awesome teacher. My son had him for both of the same classes I have him for and he liked him too. Chuck makes class fun and interesting. If I wasn't almost done, I would try to take him for other classes.,5.0,1.0
great!,5.0,4.0
Impresses others with showing off how cool he thinks he is.,2.5,2.0
This teacher was one of the most relaxed and easy to talk to. He has a great passion for music and is intuitive with his students. He encourages his class to comment and elaborate on the material and tends to enjoy "digressing." In other words he enjoys discussion about almost anything. Great class!,5.0,1.0
Cool teacher, easy going. Listen to his lectures and put forth effort and you will do good.,4.5,2.0
Chuck Iwanusa did not connect with me as a student like he could have. He was more interested in intimidating me into performing in his jazz band as opposed to teaching me music theory. I refused and I paid for it.,1.5,4.0
Dang does he know his music. He is a genius when it comes to anything at all about music. Class is very easy. And pretty interesting. Take the class if you get a chance. He's a really nice guy too !!!,5.0,1.0
Chuck is cool. I had to find a filler class, and I'm glad I took this one. It ended up being fun, and very interesting. BRAVO!!!,5.0,1.0
Chuck knows his stuff, can show you anything about the music business/music theory/music lifestyle. If you like music, take his class. You will surely benefit from it.,5.0,2.0
very knowlagable in subject however hard to get ahold of, and gave me a lower grade then i thought i deserved, but still cool teacher,3.5,3.0
Chuck Rocks! The best thing about this class was that you are gauranteed to pass every test as long as you make sure you are at the class before the test. The study guides are exactly like the test. Just memorize it and the class is totally skate.,4.5,1.0
Chuck Iwanusa is a ****ing bad ass, take him for every class you possibly .can. It makes all the difference,5.0,1.0
Do not take this class online. It takes him forever to response to you and he doesn't really clarity what he wants you to do. I just hope that I pass this class. Which right now it doesn't look very good.,2.0,3.0
take him in the spring time...very easy,5.0,1.0
He is a really good teacher. I don't really care about Music much, just needed a class, but Jazz Appreciation seems pretty cool. We just listened to a lot of music and then talked about it. Just listen and study for the tests and you'd be fine.,5.0,1.0
good teacher.,4.5,2.0
Fun guy. Has a lot of cool stories to tell. Ain't worried about getting through the lesson as long as everyone's discussing stuff. Pretty easy class.,4.5,2.0
Really good teacher. Gave me extra credit for working at a music venue.,4.5,1.0
He's a good guy. Sometimes you have to battle with him on presenting material in multiple understandings..depending on the class you take with him, but outside and inside the classroom he's a sarcastic opinionated ****. But the good kind.,4.5,2.0
This guy is GREAT! Listined to awsome music. Had fun. Very interesting. BONUS: The book is only $7.00!,4.0,2.0
Nice instructor- I dont even care of this style of music, but his humor and care free kind of attitude- and knowledge of his topis- made the class bearable.,4.0,2.0
good instructor, very funny and very knowledgeable in his field!!!,5.0,1.0
Interesting and funny.,4.0,1.0
Great guy! Very interesting class, doesnt really push you to participate or get involved though.,4.5,1.0
Very easy class, dont need to buy the book but just his. Easy tests, an overall great class an easy A.,5.0,1.0
Best music professor I've had yet!,5.0,2.0
Wow. Out of every professor in the country, Chuck Iwanusa has got to be the easiest one to get a 4.0 in class.,5.0,1.0
he is so kool and his class is so easy. take him if you need t take this class. you will learn a lot and he is so laid back wiht his teachings.,5.0,1.0
Easy Class really boreing way of presenting a great topic...Jazz Music,2.5,1.0
Words can not express what a great guy Chuck Iwanusa is. Not only does he know his material like the back of his hand, he does an even better job of presenting it. He is a true asset to Mott College, and with where Mott is at, they need that.,5.0,2.0
The definition of Coooool! This guy wants you to learn the appreciation of Jazz, but doesn't push it on you! Great Professor!,5.0,1.0
chuck was great! i highly recommend him! he's awesome!,5.0,1.0
Chuck is great. Easy going, I would tell anyone to take a class with him!,5.0,1.0
Chuck is a great guy and he's really nice and funny,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
The best professor I have ever had!,5.0,4.0
GENE is useful. He has lots to teach. I think he teaches upper year GENE? I want to take more with him! :),4.0,2.0
My favourite professor of all time.,5.0,1.0
A very nice and understanding professor. All professors should be more like him.,5.0,3.0
The most boring course ever. People come to lectures only for weekly quiz.,3.5,2.0
OK,3.5,3.0
its even more boring the second time around...stupid QPR,3.0,1.0
i took this course a few years back. the material was dry and he made it the the most boring course ever. ps: he remids me of bush,3.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
He's sucks! He's unable to explain many important topics at times. The useless one I've ever met.,1.0,5.0
He makes the most boring subjects sound extremely interesting... and that's when u actually realize how important those apparently-boring things are!,5.0,3.0
Good lecturer, goes over important topics multiple times. Lectures may seem repeated or slow, but he would cover a lot more material than you'd realize. Also fairly friendly and helpful.,5.0,3.0
Although the literal words that come out of his mouth are clear and concise, these words taken as a whole seem to have no meaning attached to him. He can go through an entire lecture talking with seemingly no point.,1.0,4.0
Does not provide any clear examples. No one knows how to study for the exam due to lack of questions. Nice in class, but seems pretty bitter during office hours. I regret going to all the classes.,1.5,3.0
Great guy.,5.0,1.0
great guy, speaks english unlike most profs at this school,4.5,3.0
Good prof. Clear communication, cares for students, excellent lecturer...,5.0,3.0
I don't know where all these positive ratings are coming from. Maybe because he's white and can speak clearly...? Truth is, his teaching style blows. Spends 90% of the class on an easy concept, 10% on the hard stuff, then makes fun of students.,2.0,3.0
Man does this guy ever suck,1.0,2.0
.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,4.0
Cares about his students. A great prof if the course wasn't so boring!,4.0,1.0
He's probably making mad $$$ off his book even tho he constantly denies it,4.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
Great prof so far. Explanations are clear and helpfull,5.0,2.0
Clear, fair and cares about his students.,4.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,1.0
He just wants his money!!,3.0,3.0
nap time!,4.0,1.0
... an hour of sleep every tuesday,4.0,2.0
He's a great speaker, just the subject is VERY boring,4.0,1.0
If you like pure boring English speech at its best, come listen to Aplevich,4.0,2.0
don't learn much, but whatever he says is understandable at least,4.5,3.0
Hard to knock the guy, he's clear and nice. Course was just lame.,4.0,1.0
No Comments,3.0,2.0
i was hung over for every single quiz,4.0,2.0
i fell asleep so many times...,3.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
He's OK... but you'll be still doing fine after you've skipped 50% of lectures.,3.5,2.0
Didn't really care at all...,2.0,3.0
All he has in the course are four tests, no homework to reinforce concepts and the lectures are boring as anything. He does give a 10 point curve on every test and study guides starting at test 2, but be ready to teach yourself all the material and watch your grade tank if you underperform on one test.,2.0,4.0
Great guy, makes law interesting which may make you consider wanting to go to law school. Pretty funny guy and gives curves the tests in ways that are fair. No PowerPoints, but he does give good study guides.,5.0,2.0
One of my favorite professors! He lectures without any PowerPoints so you have to be in class and listening to take notes and understand the material. He uses a lot of examples which is helpful, and the grade is made up of 4 exams (study guides for the 2,3,&4th). I didnt use the book & there was EC. Not an easy class, but hes a great prof!,5.0,4.0
Great professor! Would 10/10 recommend. No homework or out of class work. Only tests. As long as you attend class, listen and take notes you will do good in his class. Gives a lot of curves on tests. Willing to help you understand content better if you ask. He tells a lot of stories to help students understand the content. Taking him again!,5.0,3.0
one of the best professors I've had. he works in the field so has great real life examples that he often shares. Loves to tell stories. Easy class if you show up and skim the text book based on study guides given.,5.0,2.0
Class is graded on 3 exams and the final. Take notes in class and throughout the book. No homework given. Does give study guide.,3.0,4.0
Loved his class and lectures.,5.0,3.0
Cool guy, pretty easy class. No homework and there is only four test. He gave study guides for the last two test also.,5.0,2.0
Great professor! Take him.,4.0,2.0
Great guy, funny stories in class. He randomly started taking attendance and doesn't really care if you show up a little late. Only graded on the four tests, no cumulative final. Test four is the easiest test. Doesn't use blackboard, and sometimes gives study guides for test. Tests are out of the notes mostly. Overall good.,5.0,2.0
The professor is also the local city Judge, if you don't agree or do what he says he will utilize his power as a Judge to attack you and ruin your life. Avoid his classes at all costs if you want to have a life devoid of criminal records. He abuses students an employees at CCU and allow his children to go around the county committing crimes.,1.0,3.0
Knows his stuff. Encourages questions in class. Straight lecture format, no frills. May be considered boring for some. NO homework, outside of reading the chapters (and there's not that many to cover). Tests are relatively easy. He covers what he plans to for the day, then lets you go. Good professor, easy class.,4.0,1.0
This guy is a must-take for all who have to have this class. A practicing judge so he is extremely knowledgable and great professor. 4 tests all of which come with study guides.,5.0,2.0
Easy class. Just go to lectures and you'll do fine. Always curves tests.Class is cancelled sometimes because he has court. Overall good professor.,4.5,2.0
Professor Hendrick is a great teacher. His tests come mostly from notes on class lectures, and he does give out study guides. Attendance is not mandatory, but I highly recommend it. Lectures are very interesting, he draws on his experience as a judge and an attorney for practical examples.,5.0,2.0
Professor Hendrick is awesome! A practicing attorney, a coach, and a judge, he definitely gets around! But his class is fairly easy, and he explains everything you need to know for tests, which are graded on a curve.,4.5,4.0
Great professor! Tests come mostly from lectures, which are always funny and interesting. Also curves the tests.,5.0,1.0
Very easy class. Go to class, take your notes. Some of his classes can be boring. Crime was an interesting topic!! He is helpful outside of class. You just need to read chapters, but not study them hard, he usually only takes a few questions from the chapters. I would still get the book though. You should get a B with no sweat!,5.0,2.0
This man class is the easiest. His test are the easiest. You do not have to read the chapters all you have to do is read ur chapter summaries and study your notes and you are set for life. I promise you I recommend anyone to take him. He knows what he is talking about.,4.5,1.0
This class was really easy. Just go to class and you'll be fine. If you don't go to class just copy the notes from someone and you should still be fine.,4.0,1.0
Rude Professor!!!! He needs to stay in Conway..he wouldnt make it out of here.,1.5,4.0
I really liked him. He is a city judge in Conway, so he is a great professor to take for a law class. He is down to earth and enjoyable to take.,4.5,2.0
I enjoyed him! He is very helpful and informative. Just come to class and listen, you will have all you need. No book needed!,4.5,3.0
Awesome and interesting teacher. Go to class and take notes. Tests come from his lectures.,5.0,2.0
Great teacher, he's funny... always tells stories,4.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Forget the book, you better be a good note taker. His test are super hard but he curves them constantly. Still with the curve you might make a B. He's a good guy though. I would take hime again. Just study like crazy for his class and take alot NOTES,5.0,4.0
Great Class, Go to class and take notes, and skim the book.,5.0,1.0
Go to class and take notes and you won't have a problem. You don't need to read the book, and if you can find it in Kimble, don't buy it.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Hendrick is SO easy. His tests come straight from his notes, and he makes everything understandable.,5.0,1.0
Awesome professor, but don't screw up his tests....they're all he bases grades on,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
Strongly dislikes any student being on their phone (will call you out for this). Seems like a nice guy but hard to follow during lectures,2.0,4.0
Fantastic lecturer. Class is very interesting and intriguing. Professor is extremely passionate, but also very arrogant & pretentious. Tests are hard & worded weirdly. Class grading is VERY disorganized. Important thing being - I actually LEARNED things from this class. Therefore, if you are looking to actually learn things, then take this class.,4.0,4.0
Dr. Abwender is a great guy & knows his stuff! Has powerpoint notes but need to come to class to get/hear material he doesn't put on those, bc there's no textbook. Lectures are very interesting, tests are incredibly hard, very specific. 4 quizzes & 2 tests & final make up grade + final project. Tests & quizzes were online. Hard class, good prof!,4.0,5.0
Dave is a great guy. However, definitely not for everyone. His tests are hands down the hardest I've had. He doesn't assign a textbook and his PowerPoints are sparse, so it is important to listen and take notes on what he is saying. Incredibly knowledgeable, but not great at conveying said knowledge to students who aren't experienced in his field.,3.0,4.0
I am typically a good student but principles of assessment was incredibly hard. If you take this course I recommend that you are very knowledgeable about psychology as well as statistics. He expects you to know the information "forwards and backwards, Innside and out" so all the test questions are very complicated, but he is an intelligent prof.,2.0,5.0
Dr. Abwender's lectures are beautifully sufficient.,5.0,4.0
Dave is by far the most exceptional professor I've had in the entirety of my college career. Taking PSH-441 with him was a life-changing experience and cultivated my interest in connecting neuroscience with human behavior. Dave is highly intelligent, engaging and fosters true curiosity when he speaks. He is truly one-of-a-kind.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Abwender is an excellent professor. He is easily within the top 100% of instructors for this course.,5.0,4.0
To be semi-exact, Dave a more than your usual beautifully sufficient instructor. Due to some reason,he is an excellent instructor. This description could be explored further, but in the interim, I honored and privileged to have taken Dave's course. Also, it is apparent he has either the superpower of seducing fruit or communicating with fruit.,5.0,3.0
Pompous. No outlines/guides for notes/tests. Group project is a joke. Expect short answer + essay format tests. On the plus homework's are straightforward and easy in comparison to every test in this class. No book required and highly discouraged by prof. - wish there had been one. Didn't know what to study!!! Grades on a curve.,2.0,5.0
This professor was the instructor in this class which he taught well so we could learn the material. Not many tests and two short papers only need to do about 2 hours work outside class for whole semester cuz no book,3.5,1.0
This was perhaps the easiest course ever, in large part due to Dr. Abwender's clarity. His lectures are direct, to the point, and often memorable. He excels at placing tough material into students' grasp. Tests are easy if you pay attention. Highly recommend, especially if you need an easy or chill class to balance out an otherwise tough schedule.,3.5,1.0
Dave is by far the easiest professor at Brockport. His lectures are organized well and his exams are very easy.,4.5,1.0
Dave is the type of teacher that will take something complex and make it very graspable. He is clearly brilliant yet never pretentious, and his lectures are worth paying to go to. He provides real life examples and metaphorical analogies that facilitate comprehension. His teaching philosophy is on point and his text is actually very helpful.,5.0,4.0
He was by far my favorite professor at Brockport! I loved health psych and wished I had taken it earlier in my career. I would have taken more courses with him. He was very interesting and knew the subject very well. His real world examples helped with the material. Don't bother getting the book. You must attend the lectures to pass.,5.0,4.0
Brilliant professor, patient, loves tough questions. He just pretends he's mean but he's a teddy bear. You don't have to attend class, unless you want a good grade. You don't have to read the text because he is so thorough in class, but if you want an A, it's a good idea. You must study tho.,4.0,5.0
Great guy enjoyed the class. He is super hot!!! And brilliant.,3.0,4.0
I LOVED this course! It is somewhat tough, especially if you have no background in neuro, but it's definitely doable. Dave keeps every class extremely interesting & enjoyable. Be sure to attend EVERY class & take really good notes b/c his weekly quizzes and tests will trip you up if you don't have a full understanding of all of the material.,5.0,4.0
He is brilliant. Go to every class because he doesn't use textbooks. His lectures are the most interesting and informative I've ever had. Tests are difficult, but you will get more than your moneys worth for any of his classes. He's also very funny and has a lot of professional experience so he is able to relate his lectures to real experiences!,5.0,4.0
AMAZING. Absolutely no question, he is the BEST professor I have ever had.,5.0,4.0
He's tough but everyone ends up getting good grades in the end. Don't let him or his fake curve scare you. He just pretends to be mean.,3.5,5.0
Only class worth my gas last year.U will fail if ur lazy.Dave is HARD.Classes are are at GRAD level which is y undergrads dont get A's.Im a Masters student& got A- in two of his classes.He is the BEST lecturer I have ever seen.Im never bored,hes funny, and I look forward to going.Ive LEARNED SO much.Best prof in psy dept. I have nothing bad to say.,5.0,4.0
Doesn't take attendance but tests are all based off in-class notes; and they're pretty hard. One easy group project. Uses a really annoying voice to drill in material and forces his opinions about the world and religion on you. The class average was probably a C.,2.5,4.0
Dave is amazing, he's brilliant and is the best looking professor on campus.,3.5,4.0
He is a very brillant teacher. He's lectures are never boring and he has lots of funny tangets to keep you interested. However, he doesnt give you much guidance on tests. As long as you come to class and take pretty decent notes you can pull a B but you need to know the material better-maybe reading a text book would help?,4.0,3.0
I had Abwender for health psych and psychopharmocology and he was definitely my favorite professor! I really wish there were more professors like him. His classes are REALLY interesting. He goes on random hilarious tangents once in a while. His tests are pretty hard, but if you go to class and go over your notes before, you'll do fine,5.0,4.0
i LOVE dave, he's the greatest professor i've ever had. the department needs more like him. his class is ALWAYS interesting, definitely the high point of my week... and his tests aren't that difficult if you go to class and pay attention.,5.0,4.0
He is a very very very good, interesting and fun teacher but his tests and quizes are hard. Not rediculously hard.. but hard in a a way that you would have to study and know the material inside and out. He is sort inspiring in a strange way also,3.5,4.0
Fun guy, good lectures, interesting info, but tests are structured to screw you over hard... Thought it would be an easy B, got a C-.. was pissed.,2.5,4.0
his lectures are a true performance. there is no question that he presents material clearly and interestingly. BUT, his tests will kill you. out of 5 multiple choices, three of them could be argued to be the correct answer. he is a brilliant man, but not concerned with your ability to actually GRASP the material.,2.5,5.0
Dr. Abwender is the best professor I've ever had. He is witty and funny, and he really brings the material to life. Even if that weren't the case, he's so damn hot it wouldn't matter. Anyone who puts him down only does so because he's doesn't make things incredibly easy. His classes are the only ones in the department worth attending regularly.,5.0,5.0
Abwender has a true talent for lecturing, he's intelligent, witty, and interesting. Sadly, he likes to trick students on tests, he's not very helpful, and he's not interested in inspiring students. I'm an honors student, i found this class very interesting, and i got a c+. It's very confusing because this class should be an easy a for most studnets,2.5,2.0
he is a very interesting teacher and knows what he is talking about, although i studied so hard and when it was time for the tests i had no idea what they were about, they are very tricky!!!,3.0,5.0
Dr. Abwender is the best psychology teacher I have had at Brockport, and I am graduating this spring.,5.0,3.0
Amazing professor. He is one of my favorite professors in the psych department at SUNY Brockport. He made my love what I am doing. He is a wonderful man.,5.0,3.0
Not interested in your learning,2.0,3.0
Dave is a great teacher, but when he tells you to look at his writing tips DO IT! He is rediculous when it comes to the paper, if you aren't an english major take plenty of time to write the papers. His tests are easy if you go to class. He presents the material very well and is super interesting.,5.0,2.0
Dave is an excellent professor, probably one of the best at Brockport. It is an easy school with non-challenging courses compared to other schools. Dave is one of the only profs I have had that has made an effort to challenge me. If you aren't ready to work for your grade, don't take his classes.,4.0,5.0
A phenomenal lecturer that knows his stuff and then some. Unfortunately he can be intimidating and even rude when approached outside of class. His tests were difficult because of the abstractness of the questions asked. Most of the test questions come only from the lecture so attendance is a must,2.5,4.0
When it comes to lecturing, there are few better than Dr. Abwender! He is interesting and can be very funny! His tests are difficult, but they are fair if you study your class notes. He is not easily approachable outside of class ...That is his one downfall.,3.0,3.0
He was hard and tests were unfair!,2.0,5.0
lectures were interesting and material was easy to follow..but if you want to do good in class dont take his..tests were hard, seemed like they were trick questions..expects u to memorize lectures word for word..Paper had to be excellent to even recieve a passing grade. Never get to see tests,2.0,5.0
Interesting class. The tests were mediocore and if u studied you could do well. His paper grading technique however is unfair. He gives you a style sheet and expects you to write a perfect paper according to it and if you are unable to he will grade you very harshly. That part of his class was unfai,2.5,3.0
I felt that he was a good teacher all in all,.. however for benifiting and caring about his students he is horrible at,.. his test are hard i agree, and when i went to him for help once, i felt like i was being rejected,3.0,5.0
His ego gets in the way! If you can not recite word for word what he wants on the test you fail!and right he will not explain his reasoning. TOO Bad b/c lectures are great He does not think he needs to follow the rules, had atest the week before finals!,2.0,5.0
David Abwender is the best teacher. Perhaps the students that rate him poorly are the ones that didn't apply themselves and blame the teacher instead of themselves? He doesn't teach "blow-off" courses.,5.0,5.0
This is the best professor I ever had. He expects a lot form his students and himself. If you want an Ivy league education from a SUNY school take his courses. I took them all.,5.0,5.0
Took two of his classes and his test styles differed greatly. He was very rude when you would ask for help almost a snotty personality. You could only see test questions during office hours and he promised to curve only if it helped, majority failed.,1.5,5.0
His tests are awful.,3.0,5.0
I have had Dr. Abwender two times and he is the best professor I have EVER had. Some students complain that his tests are hard but hello, this is college! He is only trying to better YOUR education by asking you to learn the material. Dr. A is the best,5.0,5.0
Tests are very hard- harder than need be,2.0,4.0
David Abwendwer is cocky and arrogant, he is unclear in his expectations of the student. His tests are extremly hard and his grading system sucks horribly!! He is unclear on his grading system and is unable to explain it to those who seek an answer.,1.0,5.0
Best teacher I've ever had, HANDS DOWN! You will work you butt off, but you get much more from the class than just a letter grade. You will be missing a great falculty member if you don't take a class with him!,5.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
very hard tests,3.0,5.0
Hard grader and seems kind of full of himself.,3.0,4.0
Tough, but good,4.0,3.0
Get real!,1.0,5.0
Intelligent and hot what else could you hope for!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
good class, good guy,4.5,2.0
I would recommend him for any Psychology major.,5.0,3.0
Very cool professor with quirky attitude.,4.5,3.0
do NOT buy books for any of his classes bc everything comes from his notes!,4.0,3.0
very cynical guy. knows his stuff and is very interesting BUT is out to trick you on his tests,4.0,3.0
Abwender rocks!,5.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
The class was simple. I don't believe I really got much out of the course and the presenters. I received an easy A, but I am disappointed with Dr. Balog's performance as an educator.,3.0,1.0
I loved her Mental Health class. I never missed one class and her lectures were interesting. Very organized and her tests were related to the course. She is a good professor. She is not an easy A you have to actually work for it. Dont base your opinions off the negative remarks listed. Its a great class!,4.0,3.0
Mental Health- She rarely took attendance but made it a huge part of the grade. I never missed a class, did all the readings and still had no clue what she was talking about. Tests are extremely hard, she asks specific questions about an insignificant part of a reading. She also messed up my final grade, and I had to have it fixed.,2.5,5.0
Worst Professor I have ever had. Learned nothing in class. Not friendly, unwilling to help, degrading unless you're one of her favorites. Tests are okay but not easy to get an A on. Hard Grader for presentations. Not a whole lot of work. ON A COMPLETE POWER TRIP. Avoid this class!!!,1.5,4.0
I'm a A student and i FOUGHT to get a C+ in this class. Allowed 1 missed class, 90 minute presentation with 12 people in your group, HATES men, 4 books required, I glanced at one of them once. IT IS FOR NO ONE'S BENEFIT TO MENTAL HEALTH TO TAKE THIS CLASS. TAKE MONDAY NIGHT WITH MYNKINS! My friend took it with him, got an A and had fun every week,1.0,5.0
She made the class harder than it was suppose to be....I worked as hard as I can to get at least a B in the class but it was difficult. The quizzes made no sense and its like you have to study 5 times as hard for quizzes and study much harder for the tests. I would not recommend her AT ALL.,1.5,5.0
She seemed very cold and aloof toward students. She was not very helpful, and her exams were difficult. I would not recommend her.,2.0,5.0
,5.0,3.0
Worst person ever, shes not only a bad professor shes an intolerable human being. She never has anything nice to say and she always giving dirty looks when anyone asks her anything. Avoid at all costs unless you like feeling degraded.,1.5,4.0
basically, her classes are based on common sense. she favors the non-traditional "adult students". child and adolescent stress was such a waste of my time!,1.5,4.0
I think she is a great teacher. i took child and adolecent stress with her as a 2 week summer course. It was a lot to handle in 2 weeks, but it was managable. she knows a lot about health. I will be taking mental health with her, and i chose ot take it with her b/c she is a great teacher. i dont know why such the bad reviews,4.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,1.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
she doesnt even know what to talk about in our class, and she assigned so much work. She assigned more work than any other class...how is that going to help with the tradition from high chool to college?!?!?,2.0,4.0
WORST PROFESSOR EVER! She is incredibly unprofessional and rude, and I too pray for her power trip to end soon.,1.0,5.0
I thought Zelienski was bad and then i had her as a teacher....Dr.Balog is probably the worst professor I've ever had...,1.0,5.0
The worst class ever.,1.0,5.0
I think she closes her eyes and points to some words in the book to test on, otherwise the rest of the test she pulls from some other source she doesn't tell her students about. Tough class to get a good grade in even for hard working students.,1.0,5.0
Very very bad professor,1.0,5.0
She is very rude and very unpeople oriented. She picked the wrong occupation to be working with people. Is it me or is her Mental Health classes just on self- esteem, something she probabally doesnt have! He test are rediculious, and so is her hair!,1.0,5.0
Horrible professor, not worth your time. Grading scale is disproportionate. Tests are on material not covered.,1.0,4.0
the worst professor in the department. Avoid this professor or risk an E.,1.0,5.0
All the coffee in the world couldn't keep me awake in her mental (8am) class. Pretty sure she doesn't like guys much either. Group project was ridiculous.,1.0,4.0
I have taken many classes with her - not by choice. She tests on material not discussed or in books (I do read the books). Does not relate well to the students. Avoid if possible. I guess if you have a PhD, someone will hire you.,1.5,4.0
WORST TEACHER EVER! She does not understand the material herself, the tests are about stuff that is not even covered in class or in the book. Only one person was able to get a 90+ on the exams - it is impossible to do well! I hate her manilla folders!,1.0,5.0
Horrible teacher. Class could have been interesting if she didn't put you to sleep. She has high expectations for someone who doesn't really know how to teach,1.0,4.0
she is ridiculous in her expectations. She makes her mental health class do a group presentation for the whole 1 1/2 hours of the class. How can a person not be monotonous and/or boring when trying to fill 1 1/2 hours with one topic. STAY CLEAR/,2.5,4.0
Exams will have nothing to do with material covered in class. The worst professor in dept. Avoid any class she is "trying" to teach.,1.0,5.0
This woman lacks professionalism as well as personality. She is on power trip pray that it ends soon.,1.5,3.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
She was my advisor, for about 9 minutes until I realized I needed a new one. Avoid her if you can--especially if you're a male.,1.0,5.0
8am is not an ideal time for mental health - some stuff was interesting - she's good if youre on her good side,3.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
Professor Follansbee was always kind and focused more on our discussion and opinions rather than busy work which I loved. Gives papers and few assignments rather than tests. She was very understanding in a hard time in my life as well.,4.0,3.0
Boring class which included pointless group work, a lot of movies, and tests that came right from the information in the book. Would have been better online. She is rude and very unapproachable which is horrible for a professor! Even worse advising.,1.0,3.0
Lectures are boring and confusing. If you want to pass the tests, you must teach yourself by reading word for word in the textbook.,2.0,4.0
A boring uninteresting professor. Tough with grading. She seems to have a bias or prejudice against male students as demonstrated by her interaction with them. Not recommended.,1.0,4.0
Took her Hybrid family life course and we only had to meet like, once every few weeks and when we did i dreaded being in that class for every second. It's boring, honestly. I wouldnt recommend this class to anyone, but if you did have to take it for whatever reason, just be ready to read your book.,3.0,3.0
Such an interesting class but difficult tests. Hybrid course only meets once in a while but the tests are all from reading. She is nice but sometimes not so nice. Cool class though.,2.5,3.0
I took her hybrid course, so you do a lot on your own, and you have to read the text. She was sometimes quite unorganized but overall she is a passionate teacher and will help you to succeed.,4.0,2.0
If u are looking for a hybrid class this is perfect balance between in class and online. tests can be hard and you NEED to read the text. she puts the lesson plan online the week it is due so check email a lot. She waits till last minute to post things on line,4.5,2.0
I took the Hybrid course with her, and it wasn't too bad. Sometimes it was quite difficult and the work load was a little much for a low level class, but it was easy stuff. Study and you'll do well, she loves what she does.,4.0,2.0
This class is interesting but she makes it harder than it has to be. Be prepared to read the book and participate in class. Take your own notes in class; she does not give you them but expects you to know it for the exams. Overall, it wasn't a bad class though.,2.5,2.0
I had her for this class and human sexuality. She's a good teacher, the class disscusions are fun, but she puts a lot of info from the book on the tests, so be sure to read carefully.,3.5,3.0
I had 2 classes with her, she was different for each class except for the fact that the exam material is straight from the book. she is also a raging feminist, I don't like.,2.5,2.0
interesting material, read the book and you'll do fine,3.5,2.0
she's nice and easy to understand. just read the book and take notes. tests are mostly multiple choice w/ some short answer- and she adds a few points onto everyones tests to account for any misunderstanings she might have had when grading the short answer. just email her with questions, it may take a few days, but she'll answer,4.0,2.0
I enjoy having her as a teacher. In order to do well on her tests you must read the chapters, which in my opinion are fairly interesting. She hands back your tests the very next class. I would deffinitaly recommend her as a teacher.,5.0,2.0
you must go to class and READ the chapters to do well in her classes. The tests are hard with multiple choice and 3 or more pages of short answer and fill in the blank. She doesn't care much about the needs of students or their grades in her class. Very straight forward and easy to understand but not all that friendly.,2.0,3.0
Is the only person I know that could make me dread coming to Human Sexuality class. Is very overly opinionated and doesn't give much credence to any opinion that opposes her own. Is not a very nice person as a teacher or an advisor. Ugh, seriously, she made Human Sexuality suck! How is that even possible!?,2.0,3.0
My advice for any student who wants to succeed in either Sexuality or Family Life: READ THE CHAPTERS! Attend all classes. If you are conservative, never, ever admit it to this professor! All in all, a good teacher and an easy grader.,3.5,2.0
Can easily say I HATE THIS PROFESSOR. Unfriendly, Rude, Biased, Sarcastic, Grades assignments based on her mood and whether she likes you. I waited all semester to do student evaluations - I even kept a rough draft. HATE THIS PROFESSOR. Avoid @ all costs.,1.0,5.0
I like Dr. Follansbee. Her classes are extremely easy!!! I just read the chapters and managed to get a 95% on both tests so far. She is slow to warm up to people. When I had her last semester for Family Life, I really disliked her; she seems to be in a better mood this semester.,3.5,1.0
Patti Follansbee is a great professor. She doesn't just lecture in front of the class. She makes class fun with discussions and stories. The tests are easy if you take a look at the book. There are no trick questions and you don't need to know dates or statistics for them or little specifics.,5.0,2.0
gives the impression that she does not want to help, and seems to have a bad attitude frequently,3.0,2.0
Very boring, monotone. Tests are extremel hard to get an A on have to study every single detail. Do not recommend as a teacher.,1.5,5.0
Class was very easy, just as long as you read every chapter that is assigned for the exams. She isnt the most people oriented person but she doesnt come off as rude either.,4.0,1.0
Worst advisor ever.Unfriendly and doesn't care about you at all!!!!,1.0,5.0
A very bad professor,1.0,5.0
She has a lot of knowledge in the health science field but her tests are real hard. She hates everyone. Does she remind anyone of "Pat"??,2.5,2.0
Dont ask her any questions because she hates you already. Exams are very hard. Avoid this Professor.,1.0,5.0
She needs to realize that as students (regardless of age) we are competent, intelligent, motivated, and insightful beings. She is very intimidated by those with an opinion.,2.0,3.0
the class was okay.. Make sure you read every detail in the book... Nice woman but lacks a personal touch when teaching.,3.5,2.0
Sucks sucks sucks as an advisor- doesn't even know who her advisee's are- not very helpful at all,1.5,3.0
i want to guess she was in the military at some point, one of my 1st impressions was drill sergeant! she's alright if you do what you are asked, but not very personable:(,4.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
No Comments,2.5,3.0
Good professor. Lectures can go off topic and exams are tough. But is willing to help understand the material but you must go find him on your own time.,3.5,4.0
One of the best at CSUF. His lectures are always entertaining and he always jokes around, but never manages to bore you. He's old-fashioned in that he writes everything on the board (no powerpoint). About 4 exams, including final (book and notes help A LOT) and hw assigned randomly so it's important that you attend class regularly.,5.0,1.0
Highly recommended! Very helpful. Got everybody involved in discussion, but not in an awkward way. You could tell that he wanted everyone to get good grades. Fun/interesting lectures. Exams were based most off from lectures, so make sure to take good notes. Class is an easy A if you go to lectures!,5.0,1.0
Highly Recommend Mr. Hughes he is a very interesting professor. very clear, very helpful :),5.0,1.0
I absolutely loved Dr. Hughes! It's hard work but you learn to be an amazing writer! 3 major paper on your topic. Lots of reading for in class writing assignments. No test's.,4.0,4.0
He is a very knowledge in the class and a very good guy to have a conversation with. However, his tests were extremely difficult with an average being a D+ to a C. The HW often makes up for it. There is also a 25% paper at the end of the year. You will have to work and work hard in order to get the grade you like.,3.5,4.0
he is a cool guy, and way smart. but he says a ton of confusing stuff so its just best to agree with whatever he says. if you get sick, or miss any days though this is not your guy. he won't let you make up any assignments and that will hurt your grade big time. i missed 3 days, ended up wit a C instead of an A, even with high scores on everything,2.5,3.0
Hughes displays passion for the subject of Sociology and definitely has the credibility as a professor to display that. But even in seniority he does has some flaws; clarity, organization and relative subject matter. Exams are larger in lecture, do not skip class, and lectures are very disorganized and can be unclear. Search your prof. options!,3.5,3.0
I learned so much from him and my writing has gotten so much better. He pushes students to do the best they can and is very fun and helpful. No exams, 3 major writing assigments that you can do on anything. Also you have in class assigments where you have to do a rough and final draft during one class period, but its not bad if you time yourself.,5.0,1.0
Professor Hughes is a great professor, he is very helpful and forces you to grow as a writer. he may seem a little confusing at times, but is happy to clarify something you don't understand. He is a nice guy and he is very easy to talk to :)His class is not an easy A. But you can get one if you follow instructions and complete all of the work.,4.5,2.0
Great professor. Great class. The reason I decided to get a minor in Sociology. The class is fairly simple. Go to class everyday, answer questions on readings and give your opinion. He does pick someone who talks and will do so constantly but its just hilarious for the rest of us to watch the person stumble.,5.0,2.0
He is a great professor who likes to get students involved. There are a few random homework assignments and a paper that was not too bad. Tests are MC and essays. The MC always comes from the book, be sure to study EVERYTHING because anything in the book is fair game. The essay section is easy and right from his lectures so go to class!,5.0,2.0
He is a great professor. He tries to engage students in his lectures and will call on you sometimes but if you read the book and have an opinion it won't matter. It is not a hard class but you cannot expect it to be an easy A either. I loved this class and looked forward to going to it and learning something every day.,5.0,1.0
Tests are easy if you study. There is a writing assignment that is not to bad and you can pick anything for your topic. Going to class is beneficial but be sure you are prepared to answer questions and contribute. He is a great professor and very fair. I highly recommend him to anyone wanting to take a sociology class.,5.0,1.0
He is a great professor. Lectures are interesting and he really makes sure you understand the material. Read the book and pay attention in class. He will call on you so be sure you have something to offer. I highly recommend him.,5.0,2.0
He's a really great guy and cares about his students. His lectures are a little scattered but if you read the book and understand it, you'll do fine on the tests. I learned a lot from him. Very interesting professor.,3.0,3.0
AVOID! Hughes doesn't have planned lectures- he simply asks students what they've read from the text. You will learn ABSOLUTELY nothing from this professor, except perhaps that you can have a PhD in SOC & still make ignorant over-generalizations about the world. He's offensive, abrasive and a futile excuse for an educator. I'm embarrassed for CSUF.,1.0,5.0
He is extremely hard and gives very boring lectures. It is the only class that I dread going to. If he knows that you don't know the answer to his question he will call you out and embarrass you and the tests are impossible. Only class I have ever failed.,1.5,5.0
Never take his class online! There are no power points, no study guides, you have to take 2 multiple choice tests with 100 questions at school. what is the point of that? And if you ask him for help..he doesn't give it to you. Very hard to contact. I am typically a straight A student and found this class to be hard since he didn't even teach us.,1.5,5.0
Professor makes his online class have a final at school. Whats the point of have an online class if we have to go to school! 100 ques scantron and the professor doesnt even show up on the days of the final. Very hard to contact. NOT GOOD!,1.5,3.0
100 question scantron midterm and this guy sucks! You are screwed if u have him,1.5,4.0
He is a very nice teacher, and pretty funny at times. You have to attend class since he gives out assignments and doesnt use blackboard so you have to go to class to find out. and the assignment points are equal to tests points so they are pretty important. he lectures more than writing notes on the board. the tests is out of the book mostly.,3.0,3.0
Great professor! His lectures are interesting but he's very unorganized as he writes his notes everywhere on the board. Little homework assignments, one paper, a few mildly hard tests consisting of multiple choice and an essay portion. He's very nice and helpful but can be intimidating because of his height. You watch movies!,4.0,3.0
Dr. Hughes is a very nice man. The only problem I had with him was that he wouldn't always respond to emails which was very frustrating.,4.0,1.0
Profeesor Hughes was a very helpful professor, his lectures were always interesting, and he sometimes included stories about his life to make the class a little more fun. his tests are based on the book just do the reading and know the terms and you should be fine.,4.0,3.0
i absolutely loved this class! it was semi-boring sometimes but dr. hughes is pretty entertaining. ask him about his family... he LOVES talking about them & his height. not hard as long as you do the study guides and prepare for both multiple choice and essays. we had a teachers aid for our class that hosted reviews before every test. TAKE IT!,4.0,3.0
Dr. Hughes is one of my favorite professors. His class is fairly easy. Test are multiple choice and short answer which are easy and from both the lectures and book so take notes! 1 paper and a few HW assignments. Easy person to go to if you have any question. Office hours are extremely helpful!! Over all Great Professor. TAKE HIM!!,4.0,3.0
Great professor! Didnt like him at first but as time went on he became one of my favs. Good teacher...easy assignment...test were a little difficult but over all it is a good class to take and i recomend Dr.Hughes!,5.0,3.0
Very very knowledgeable teacher. His class makes a LOT of sense and will have you seeing the world in a different perspective by the end. Taking notes in class is sort of difficult. He writes his notes on the white board in a huge mess. There is little to no homework. The class is just a lot of memorization.,5.0,4.0
1) good amount of HW but pretty easy 2) one final paper which is fairly easy 3) three tests of 50 M/C & a few short answers 4) a lot of note taking 5) good amount of reading which i never did until test time. i just go over the notes & read the chapters once for reinforcement & i still got an A. CONCLUSION: take him! it's a really good class.,4.0,2.0
HE WAS GREAT I LOVED HIM! HE MADE IT EASY AND INTRESTING!!!,4.5,2.0
Dr. Hughes is a great professor. He gives plenty of great examples in his lectures and is more than happy to provide many more examples if students are still confused. His exams consist of 50 MC and a few short answer questions-all of which are very fair if you read the notes and book. Read the chapter in addition to the notes and you will do well.,5.0,1.0
good man,5.0,1.0
good teacher an great man,5.0,1.0
Great teacher. I loved his lectures! Need to read the material to participate in discussions. He is very understanding and relates alot of the material to everyday situations.,4.5,4.0
I dislike having to say this, as Mr. Hughes is a wonderful person, but, he is not a good teacher. His lectures are mixed up and scrambled, his tests are extremely hard, and he grades by looking for certain keywords instead of actually reading content. Prepares very little for class. The subject matter is great, tho. Got my first C, bummer.,3.0,4.0
I had him for summer session, and even though the class was shorter, he still helped me a lot with my writing. Gives terrific feedback but he is very specific with what he wants on the papers. Your writing will improve if you pay attention and read his comments on your drafts. Save everything, he collects it at the end.,5.0,3.0
Summer session Intro Soc class, 2 tests (50 multiple choice, 4 short essay each), 1 journal review paper (3-4 pages) and 2 homework assignments (1 page each). Multiple choice are from the book, essay questions are from lectures. Read the book diligently if you expect to do well on the tests. Overall, a fairly easy class, 5-week format was nice.,2.0,4.0
He had great structure to his lectures, sometimes impossible to find professors like that. His tests were hard but the assignments were easy. Just pay attention in class. Using the book is crucial if you aren't in class.,5.0,3.0
SIT IN THE FRONT!!!you wont hear anything if you decide to sit in the back...His tests are impossible....after talking to about 20 or 30 people and I dont know anyone who got a B....I wouldnt take him again...hes a nice guy and does have great stories....but if you have to choose a nice guy and a D...or an **** and a B..Im going with the ****,3.0,4.0
Amazing teacher. Has a great way of explaining the subject matter and he knows his stuff extremely well. Its very easy to take notes in his class. Don't fall behind on the reading because it helps on the essay portion. The multiple choice section of his tests is not impossible, but very challenging.,5.0,3.0
I loved this class..it was really hard but i learned so much. The multiple choice on the tests are impossible...but the homework and the one essay are a breeze,3.5,4.0
DONT allow urself to fall behind. read the chapters because he definately likes interaction in the classroom. the multiple choice part of the tests are impossible whether you study or not. the homework assignments are easy. Hughes is a great guy, very smart, love the stories, Hilarious, teaches until the last minute! :/,4.0,4.0
Hard to understand what the keck he is talking about at times, but I love the stories he tells. He goes kinda fast on his lectures too. Find it getting harder and harder to keep up.,3.5,4.0
he's a great teacher..but he makes you work for the class....it's not easy but you will learn something,4.0,5.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
I will probably not take him ever again. I don't feel like I gained a thing from his teaching.,1.0,5.0
Give really GOOD notes! Lectures are really clear. Should attend every class b/c you'll need all the help from your notes when you study! T.A. makes the test instead of him (not a good thing). Talking to him one on one about problems in class helps ALOT!!,5.0,3.0
this guy is a great teacher. u can tell he is really into his lectures and wants people to learn. i really like the fact that he respects his students opinions. do the hw....very easy and good sum of ur overall grade. tests are so so...just study the essay questions and ur guaranteed at least a c on his tests. pay attention and ull b ok.,5.0,3.0
I do not recommend- he is not clear or helpful-,1.0,3.0
Tests are ridiculous, terrible email communication, unhelpful. Interesting to listen to but this class was far too difficult for a 100 level. Don't reccomend him at all.,1.5,5.0
He taught the class while the TA wrote the tests. They were AMAZINGLY difficult. I have NEVER experienced something as hard as the first test. What's even more amazing? The highest grade was a 79. Out of 110 students, you'd expect at least one A, right? We didn't even have any B's! TERRIBLE TEACHER!,1.0,5.0
He is an awsome teacher!I did work hard in this class, but I learned sooo much. My writing skills improved 100% He was always answering questions. Take the class if you want to learn and improve in writing sociological papers.,4.5,3.0
His class was interesting but tests are very difficult. The multiple choice questions are very unpredictable. Reading is a must. This class should not have been as difficult as it was for an intro class. Recommend taking a different professor.,3.0,4.0
Very unclear of what he needed to see on the homework, his grading is terrible.,1.0,5.0
pretty nice guy, but he is still kind of hard. You never knew what to expect on his exams which made them harder to pass and his study guides helped on the essay parts, but not the multiple choice. He could have been more clear on what he expected from us on tests and papers. ASK A LOT OF QUESTIONS!,3.0,3.0
thought would be easy 101 class NOT. avoid if u can this guy doesn't tell u whats goin on, tests are random, boring and hard, don't take him,1.5,4.0
DO NOT TAKE HIM!!!! He is a liar and acts like he will help u and then screws u over. Thought he was cool in the begining, but hate him now!!!!!!,1.0,5.0
Very cool guy.He used to be a pro, semi-pro basketball.He is laid back, but be careful as his test and papers are very hard.There were only 2 A's that were handed out in my class, with most the grades being C's.It is a lot harder then a regular 101 class.I still had fun though.,5.0,4.0
Very nice teacher and personable guy. While his class is extremely interesting, his tests are really hard. Read and REREAD the book!,3.5,4.0
very unclear, lots of "hmmm"s and "aahhhhaa"s "good question, ask me again tomorrow" and then never answers your question. grades are very unpredictable and YOU NEED TO READ THE BOOK!!!,2.5,3.0
He is a very unpredictable grader. I did good in his class, but I still think he needs to be more organized. There are no study guides, he doesn't tell you what you did wrong on the HW, and you don't really know what to study for both exams.,1.5,3.0
He's a really nice teacher, but his exams are hard. You don't have enough time to finish. Make sure you study hard for his class. He doesn't grade on a curve or anything.,3.0,5.0
VERY NICE PROFESSOR, BUT VERY STRICT GRADER!!! HE EXPECTS ALOT FROM HIS STUDENTS AND WON'T FLEX ANY GRADES OR DEADLINES, SO STAY ON TOP OF YOUR GRADES!!!,3.0,3.0
nice guy. notes very scattered. each test is different...never know what to study for out of the book...take your paper seriously b/c it can save you at the end...and no he WONT CURVE *sigh* my class avg was a C-,4.0,2.0
he is a very informative teacher,4.0,4.0
One of the worst teachers I've ever had. He is difficult to approach and answers questions vaguely. He is also very vague on giving instructions and reasons for giving grades on assignments.,1.5,4.0
EASY BUT A HARD GRADER WITH TAKE HOME EXAMS,4.0,2.0
hes easy in the summer, although you have to do good on the tests and the paper,3.0,3.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
He's the most antisocial socologist in the world!,1.0,4.0
I have learnt so much from this course its crazy. She is truly inspirational. I walked in as a not very confident passive person but walked out with confidence and finally learnt how to be assertive. Collaboration is difficult which is why its hard to achieve an A but opening your mind and working hard will get you there.,4.0,3.0
HORRIBLE PROF the lectures arent testable material at all and the TAs are hard markers,1.0,5.0
A wonderful proff who understands the craft better than most. She's a great teacher who encourages you to be your best. An inspiration!,4.0,4.0
she really wants u to do well in the class. i slept through a midterm and she let me rewrite it! also, when she thought i was having difficulting SHE contacted ME to set up a meeting to talk about the content! awesome prof. ...now i said lik an idiot thou..hmm,4.5,2.0
all u need to do it read the plays in the text book she asks which is NOT a lot of reading in comparison to other classes (if u think about it should only take u lik 1-2hrs of reading cuz thats how long plays r). read the plays and know what each type of acting style there is (told in her lecture notes). so easy.,4.5,1.0
worst prof ever! All she ever said was "might i suggest to you..." ughh i love theatre and film and she made it boring for me.,3.0,2.0
Let down I expected more fromt this course...repetative...the work load is good though not very difficult to keep up with..Liked her but not too crazy about her... She seemed cold and in a hurry when I wanted or needed help..,2.0,2.0
Good but boring I had high hopes for this class and was let down a tad...the assignments were repetative and feedback was minimal...the TA all seemed to be in their own world not much for the helping she favoured students as well..but was fair to all,3.0,4.0
Worst course ever! The lectures are all very interesting, but they don't really apply to the course. Her assignments are aweful because they don't apply what you learn in lectures and in the tutorials. Everything is extremely ambiguous. Her multiple choice questions are killer. I did all the readings and still didn't know what was going on.,1.5,4.0
Bring a pillow to class. I finished with a B without reading anything for the course, a lot of it is common sense (only) IF you go to class & tutorials. Some questions hit hard when you dont read the stuff though, lol so think twice if ur a slacker,3.0,3.0
Everything is so subjective. I feel like I don't really know what's going on and I do well in other classes. Maybe I'm just not cut out for theatre? But other "arty" classes I have are fine...,2.0,3.0
I think she's born to be a hypnotist. And I'm giving her sympathy by giving her 2s instead of 1s,2.0,4.0
Wow, this course is a lot tougher than I expected! Personally, as with a lot of people in theatre, this prof gets so intense in trying to sound professional and intuitive that she loses a lot of the class. If she lectured a little bit more elementary, I would probably understand her more clearly.,3.5,4.0
Good prof.. A little unorganized, but made the lessons fun. Most of the lessons taught however, were not very valuable,3.5,1.0
oNE OF THE BEST! An amazing woman, and professor!,5.0,3.0
Wears a lot of hunter green, and mustard yellow, and safari clothes,5.0,1.0
She is really nice and what you have to do in the course is really clear,5.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
She is enthusiastic and really knows her stuff but offers room for opinons too!,4.5,3.0
yuck!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,4.5,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Great Prof. very helpful and knows who her students are,5.0,3.0
Although she comes late to class sometimes she is a very sweet professor. Just know that she does kind of talk fast so it was hard for me to take quality notes and I'd find myself finding it hard to pay attention at the same time. Anyway, the course itself wasn't really interesting to me but it was mandatory and not particularly difficult either.,4.0,3.0
This subject was a waste of time. Personal Journal was BS and their grading was inconsistent. Lots of BS Ted Talks. Tells us that she'll test concepts in the final but gives us questions that can only be answered by rot memorization. Is a mess. Can't organize material.,2.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Always late, but easy marker.,3.0,2.0
Generally sucked, did not know her materials or how to control the class,2.0,1.0
I would too.,3.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,1.0
One of my favourite profs! She is so much like me in terms of always being late and not finishing her sentenses when she talks. I love her!,4.5,3.0
I really liked the way she lectured, class is really easy. A very attractive women.,3.5,1.0
For a prof she's hot. She's also really helpful in person.,4.5,1.0
Very cute to bad she is married :),5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
kind of boring...but she's a cutie!!,3.0,2.0
read out overheads every class..always absent..no point for setting up lectures!,1.0,3.0
So Hot! Smokin'!!,5.0,1.0
She's hot considering her first name is Dr.,2.5,2.0
Course is worthless,2.0,2.0
Very boring instructor,2.5,3.0
Great prof, and is she hot!,5.0,1.0
nice person,5.0,1.0
Clarity is her forte. Assignments are helpful in learning and are reasonable.,5.0,2.0
Unfortunately the lectures are quite boring and not well planned. The prelectures are mandatory if you want to actually learn, and then he spends 20 mins in class solving one matrix, then the class is over (30 mins early). He is very monotone and it's not interesting to listen to him.,1.0,2.0
One of the best math professors you will ever have. Although not directly taking his class, his pre-lectures were good and always got to the point. I would always watch his recorded lectures whenever I needed something explained better. I hope to have him again sometime in the future.,5.0,4.0
Amazing,5.0,2.0
Wonderful professor. In-person lectures and tutorials are completely optional as they just cover more in-depth questions and homework questions. All concepts are taught as online videos that should be watched before lectures. Straightforward, doesn't skip steps, and great pace!,5.0,2.0
Came into stats scared because of what everyone had told me, however, it was my favourite course this semester, because Dr.Childs was such an amazing professor. His lectures were taught so well. At the end of the day, I would always say, if I don't do well in this course, it's on me, not him, because he truly did teach it so well.,5.0,1.0
His lectures were amazing. He had pre-lecture videos which would teach you the content before you go to a lecture. The lectures themselves were problem solving sessions where he would go over multiple different problems. I would love to take a course with him again in the future!,5.0,1.0
How can u hate this man? I love him, goated math teacher!,5.0,3.0
hes gud,4.0,3.0
Fried course,1.0,5.0
Dr. Childs pre lectures are amazing. He is always straight forward with his pre lectures and in person lectures. He doesn't waste your time by getting on with doing the questions and explaining them.,4.0,3.0
His course format is so easy to understand and follow along. He really understands the learning process and thats reflected in the way he teaches.,5.0,3.0
Great structure in terms of the way the course is laid out. Pre-recorded lectures teach you the content while the live lectures which are Q&A sessions so that people can't get him off track answer personal detailed questions and go over specific examples. Do all the homework and you're set for the course. Childs is a really likeable prof.,5.0,2.0
k,5.0,5.0
Well, you better learn harder in this course.,3.0,4.0
LOVE HIM!! He's a great prof (although a bit of a slow speaker), you can get a hold of him pretty quickly through MS teams and he's just fun overall. Reminds me of Mr. Rogers. The course is slightly difficult but that's only if you don't keep up with the content (do the practice questions, go over lecture notes, assignments).,5.0,3.0
Great prof, has a good model of online videos and then answering hard problems/doubts in class. Also a complete meme if that's what you need. Don't forget to ask him how much he could bench.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Childs is honestly one of the best profs I've had so far in my 1.5 years at McMaster. His live lectures consist of concise but informative slide decks that he encourages you to write on and lots of funny commentary. As long as you complete the recommended problem sets and practice tests and you go to office hours when needed, you're golden!,5.0,4.0
Explains theory/examples in a cohesive and intuitive manner. Marks for tests come out the next day and he genuinely cares about teaching. Overall amazing math prof.,5.0,2.0
I absolutely love Dr. Childs. He is by far the best professor I've had. Not only are his lectures amazing, he'll have grades out by the next day whenever you write a midterm or exam.,5.0,2.0
Professor Childs is a god sent. His lectures make you understand what to do and all you need is some practice. The pre-lectures are very easy to follow and not too drawn-out. The live sessions he does examples and answers most questions. Once he even taught us calc:) And before lecs where people ask silly questions is quite funny too. He is awesome,5.0,3.0
Dr. Childs is hands down my favourite professor at McMaster. He answers every students question, has funny jokes and makes the class interesting. I am someone who never gives reviews to anything but this professor deserves an excellent review.,5.0,3.0
This man has the hardest tests, just do really well on the assignments and you might have a chance at passing. Do all the homework and watch all the lectures and rly understand, because thats all youre going to get from him. Hes nice though like as a human being.,3.0,4.0
This guy woke up and chose to be the best math prof of all time,5.0,3.0
He is quite humourous and the class is very diversified. He is serious about his work and he make good tests. Thank you very much!,5.0,3.0
Awesome professor! He answered literally every single question in a 50 minute lecture from about 300 students.,5.0,3.0
He makes the content enjoyable and is a gem. Fair tests and if you do his practice tests (without knowing the answers ahead of time) and do well on them, you'll likely get a similar mark on your midterms and exam.,5.0,2.0
awesome prof, really cares about his students and his lectures are top notch. One of the best profs at McMaster,5.0,2.0
If I were in waterloo, I'd be punching the air right now. Dr. Childs is a master in all senses of the word. Teaching? He's got it. Answering questions? Yup. Funny and witty responses? You bet. Monotone speaking? Yes sir. Creaky desk chair? Kinda. All jokes aside, Dr. Childs is THE standard when it comes to teaching math, we're all lucky to have him,5.0,2.0
AMAZING PROFESSOR! He really takes the time to answer any questions you have in online lectures, tests are so so fair and open book due to the class being online. He really wants everyone to succeed and his class is funny! Would definitely take another class with him again.,5.0,2.0
10/10 would have as my prof again,5.0,3.0
The best professor EVER. Simply the best: excellent teaching, fair tests/grading, and very funny to boot.,5.0,3.0
all round beut,5.0,3.0
I love his lectures. Do the practice quizzes, do the practice problems and you will be fine! To get that A, definitely do a few more questions than are recommended but honestly, it is very possible to achieve a great grade with the amount of work he recommends to put in! Easily my favourite professor!!,5.0,2.0
As long as you take notes and do enough of the practice tests, you're chillin.,5.0,2.0
Super hard exams and not flexible at all.,2.0,1.0
A pure soul. his courses are very organized. gives you all the resources needed for you to succeed and do well. his lectures are all writing notes but they actually explain whats happening and are clear. his dark dry humour makes his class fun to go to. good course would recommend.,5.0,3.0
cool guy. boring lectures, dont need to go if you have the notes from a friend. strict to marking schemes. tests are fair,4.0,3.0
Best Prof at McMaster! Highly recommend taking his classes! Does the midterm test examples before the midterms.,5.0,3.0
He is a super amazing professor, makes the classes interesting rather than boring. All his jokes during class keep it fun. A really fun professor. Take him if you can!,5.0,2.0
Really good, loved the way he teached. Perfect combination of examples and theory. Actually understood how it worked instead of memorizing how to do a question.,5.0,3.0
Best math prof at mac Includes midterm-like examples in lectures Explains theory in an understandable matter,5.0,2.0
Taking notes in class while still listening to everything was quite difficult, however, his notes are so clear that if you go back and read them all again, it was easy to understand the content. I highly recommend doing his suggested textbook problems as they build a good base when attempting his practice tests. He is also hilarious. True gem.,5.0,4.0
The best prof at mac,5.0,3.0
Excellent lecture, probably the best choice in Math dept.,5.0,4.0
Childs goes at a slow pace and it's great . Actually repeats the questions other students ask and makes sure that he answers the question fully and a little extra. If you enjoy dark joke you'll love this guy. The tests are fair, but he will try to trick you sometimes. All resources are on his website and perfectly laid out for you to find and use.,5.0,3.0
He's HILARIOUS! Makes confusing things very simple to understand. Show up to lectures and everything will make sense.,5.0,3.0
An absolute gem. Clear and thorough notes and explanations. Also hilarious. The assignments and practice tests he provided were both helpful and relevant to the tests/exam. I haven't enjoyed a class at Mac this much in a while.,5.0,2.0
Among the best and most entertaining teachers I've ever had in my life. To be honest, if you just show up to lectures and listen, you'll be fine even if you've never done statistics in your life. Single-handedly made me enjoy statistics.,5.0,3.0
THE BEST PROF AT MAC TO BE HONEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,5.0,2.0
good guy, tries hard, loves the game,5.0,1.0
Going into this course, i was confident it was going to be miserable as I personally have no interest in stats. This man single handedly made me enjoy stats and actually taught me how to apply it. Lectures are pretty heavy but assignments aren't too difficult as long as you follow the manual. Also his jokes fall under the "so bad its funny" label.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Childs is really nice. His handwriting is clear.,5.0,2.0
Seriously the best prof I've had. He makes class enjoyable, explains things really well, and makes concepts easy to understand. 10/10 would recommend.,5.0,3.0
STATS 2B03 is not an easy 12 but if you do the midterms he gives you to practice and really take the time to understand the material, an 11 or 12 are very possible. His questions are usually not surprises however he may try to trick you so read carefully! He's really funny and gives great notes :),5.0,3.0
love him, hes funny and so helpful! If you ever email him, he responds so fast even though there are 800 other students in the same class. his notes are amazing, and super helpful! If you study his notes and practice tests you will do good in the course!,5.0,3.0
HE IS SOO AMAZING. makes jokes during class and makes confusing concepts seem so simple! One of the best profs I've had,5.0,2.0
Aaron Childs is one of the MOST thorough, articulate professors I've ever had. He is able to explain even the most confusing concepts with clarity and his course is designed to reinforce key concepts over and over again. From the repetition, plenty of examples and slow pace- you don't feel rushed in class to take notes. The mould for the perf prof!,5.0,2.0
Funny guy.,5.0,3.0
Childs taught the material very well however he does not post notes so you must come to lecture to get the material. Assignments and textbook work supplement the lectures,5.0,2.0
Prof. Childs was an amazing instructor. He was able to explain many of the new concepts in the course effectively and was very clear in process during lecture. I really enjoyed my time in his class. However, missing lectures is not really worth it as he doesn't post his notes. But there were quite a few destroyers on that exam, so know your stuff.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Childs was the most amazing and hilarious professor. His teaching style is exceptional. The Assignments were very helpful for tests. His notes are clear, concise and easy to understand-- no textbook needed to understand content. His midterms and exams were very doable without problems if you try all the provided practice tests. A definite 12.,5.0,3.0
Childs is probably the best teacher I have ever had. He essentially writes out your note with you during lecture -at pace you can follow- while explaining what it all means. The assignments are helpful and the tests are fair. If you learn the info and do the practice tests this course is a guaranteed A. Also wow so funny,5.0,4.0
great prof,4.0,3.0
Made a dry course fun with his jokes. Go to class, take notes, and do the practice problems and you should do fine.,5.0,3.0
He is amazing!!!!!! Very clear explanations, just practice all in class examples and assignment examples and you are golden for the exam! Dr. Childs is very helpful during office hours as well. TA's were fantastic.,5.0,3.0
He's the best 3,5.0,3.0
Dr. Childs was my favourite professor first year. If he wasn't a prof he would probably be a comedian.,5.0,2.0
First midterm was fair. Second midterm was full of tricks. Exam was definitely a bit too long for the given amount of time. Having taken Math 1A03 and Stats 2B03 with him, I can say that he definitely taught 2B03 much better. I feel that this course did not need much understanding so long as you were good at math.,3.0,2.0
Childs uses humor to keep his lectures relatively full of students. His notes are very well organized, so if you take the time to go over all his examples you will definitely understand all of the material. He gives you plenty of practice questions prior to a midterm or exam, so if you practice then you will be satisfied with your final grade.,5.0,1.0
makes subtle yet hilarious jokes about math that gets the entire lecture hall laughing. By the end of the term the classroom was FULL every day with people ditching their other sections to come to Aarons.,4.5,3.0
He has some sense of humorous,4.5,3.0
Hilarious. Can't wait to have it again. The course is really not that hard as long as you keep up and do homework questions. Not many surprises on tests.,4.5,3.0
Funny, good, prof. He knows the course content like non other and does exceptionally well in answering questions. Teaches at a decent pace, sometimes too fast but I guess it is expected since there is a lot to cover.,4.5,3.0
He was pretty funny, but really intimidating. No one would ask questions in his class because he would really make people feel bad! People were clearly struggling. For me the lectures weren't really helpful, and the exams ended up being really tricky ! If you aren't into his teaching, do every single homework question. Fall behind and you'll fail!,1.0,5.0
Very straightforward professor. Do the practice tests and go to lectures and you'll be good!,5.0,1.0
Aaron Childs is a usual professor. He taught out of the text book, however - his notes were almost verbatim from the text book and so there was a lot of writing to do in class. He is hilarious, but often unintentionally. Assignments were annoying because they were online, but tests were quite easy. Very straightforward.,3.0,3.0
good teacher. tough course,5.0,4.0
Everyone seems to like him for some reason. I don't find his joke funny. His explanations are cloudy and unclear. Some are long and tedious when there are better methods to doing things. Does not do math using a pure math way, but then again he did his BSc, MSc and PhD in math at McMaster, so I guess it's expected.,2.5,4.0
Awesome professor. He's super clear with concepts and answers any questions in class, and really well too. His jokes are hilarious and always relevant. Best first year professor I've had without at doubt. Made math an enjoyable experience.,5.0,1.0
Dr.Childs is a great prof, his tests are really easy.,5.0,1.0
I loved this prof. Straightforward but that's what was great....Thorough explanations at perfect pace, constantly held review sessions, answered questions eagerly, tests were fair but still university level.He isnt necessarily too exciting but I am taking a class from him not trying to friends ;) Take a course with him!,5.0,2.0
Childs is a very strange man. He tells the same jokes every year (his dad is Venn, and his fish is Poisson). At first it's funny, then you're kind of concerned for him. Great teacher though. Very thorough in explanations and helpful. Does review periods before tests, and tests are very similar to practice tests he posts. Very fair!,4.5,1.0
The absolute best prof I had in first year. I skipped all of Dr.Baker's classes and went to his instead. Actually liked this course and found it easier than 1A03 because of this man. Funny. Clear. Helpful. Can't ask more for better math prof.,5.0,1.0
i died in his class. died laughing. he's too funny. material is not easy but he makes them clear, and makes the test easy.,5.0,1.0
Good prof. Has a good sense of humor but I hated the fact that he taught straight out of the textbook.,4.0,1.0
Dr. Childs is my favourite professor at McMaster. He is very good at explaning the course material, and his notes are clear and easy to follow. He speaks very clearly and does not rush while writing notes. He is also absolutely hilarious. Making jokes during every class made me actually want to go to class! Such a boss!,5.0,5.0
Great prof. He goes over the material so slowly and he writes SO SO slowly that you actually want to sleep in class but nonetheless he was an amazing math prof!,5.0,2.0
Best first year eng teacher! Extremely clear and his notes are amazing. His tests are very fair and always similar to the practice questions. Very funny as well!,5.0,2.0
Dr. Childs is an excellent teacher. He has the ability to make complex material seem quite clear. He always says that the material is incredibly hard, but this is just a tactic to make people work harder.,4.5,4.0
Anyone saying Childs is a poor teacher doesnt pay attention in class. He has excellent lecture notes and his tests were hard at times, but always fair! Favourite prof from first year eng!!!,4.5,3.0
very good teacher but he does not want any1 to pass and loves to see people fail.,3.0,5.0
Dr. Childs is one of the best teachers I've had. He is extremely funny, explains concepts well, and is a really nice guy :),4.0,3.0
great prof, great sense of humor and fair tests,4.0,3.0
He was the worst professor I have had in first year engineering. Decent in explaining...but very unflexible and very unhelpful...when you need him.,2.0,5.0
Awesome teacher, he know how to explain in simple way.,5.0,2.0
:),4.5,3.0
Good prof, but as the head of the engineering math sections he schedules the date/time for all the tests. every single one of the tests we had this year was on a friday night at 9:30pm, we even had a test on thanksgiving friday. after much complaint from students and the faculty he still wouldn't consider changing any of the times.,2.5,4.0
The guy is awesome, has a great sense of humor, explains the material like no one else, although the material is hard but he made so simple, answered questions clearly, usually provides hard sample exams and solves the majority of them but the real exam is away easier. This is how a real teacher should be,5.0,1.0
An excellent prof; has review sessions every friday and on the days before tests; class consisted of lectures only; labs are generally easy; will answer any question you have during class; a good sense of humour; and a nice guy all around.,4.5,3.0
Teaches important lesson in the shortest and efficient way possible. Never waste time. Probably the best professor in Mcmaster.,5.0,1.0
Dr.childs is an amazing professor. He knows how do easily teach new material to student.,5.0,2.0
I honestly don't know what you people are complaining about... Childs explained things with extreme clarity and just didn't want to put up with students' bull. Everyone complaining here seems to be the whiney, marks-oriented, "cry to mommy and daddy" type. Just because you couldn't pass the course the way intended is not the prof's problem.,5.0,3.0
I don't know what all the bad comments are about. I didn't meet a single person in first year whose favourite math prof was not Childs. His tests aren't hard either, I have no idea what people are talking about.,4.0,2.0
Everyone seems torn on this guy. I like him, he's funny, covers the material very carefully and is incredibly methoidic. People either hate him or love him so try him out! don't bash him cause you failed math!,5.0,5.0
Best Prof for first year engineering for sure. Lectures are a must go. At the end everyone was going to his lectures instead of the other profs. However, beginning material (for 1Z04) can sneak up on people, class average wasn't that good but was bell curved in the end. Definatly choose Childs at the beginning as it will fill up fast.,5.0,2.0
He is a mean person with so much attitude. He never considers any alternative grading schemes and on his web site under the FAQ section he responds with an emphatic NO to every question. Such a conceited person.,1.0,5.0
he is really nice guy.Also lot helpful on the exam day in review session,5.0,2.0
I hope that his own children (his biological children that is) fail in University when they become big and attend post secondary institution. Then he will feel the pain that he inflicts on students. He writes unfair exams (all MCQ for a math course) because he is lazy and does not want to hand mark the long answer problems. What a l000zer.,1.0,5.0
I agree to the latest comment. He is really not a doctor. His main hobby is failing students and getting happy after that. What a sad prof. I hope his kids fail in University when they become big then he will know what it's like to give grief to first year engineers.,1.0,5.0
I don't know what some of these people are talking about... Childs is amazing! He is very good at explaining things in lectures. And he can be really funny too, makes coming to class semi-worthwhile. And I'm obviously not the only one who liked Childs, for the first few weeks, his class was extremely overcrowded (aisles were even packed with people,4.5,3.0
By Far the worst professor ever. He gives multiple choice questions on exams because he is too lazy to get them hand marked. Multiple choice is really bad, because you either get it right or wrong, and no part marks. This prof is HORRENDOUS at teaching. He makes extremely dumb jokes and is good for nothing else. The man is ultra-worthless. AWFUL!!!,1.0,5.0
He made so many mathematical mistakes during lectures. Do you call that a math genius? Not even close. Don't take any course with this prof.,1.5,5.0
Good notes, entertaining lectures - he's the man. Honestly, he's so funny I wish I had him for my other courses.,5.0,4.0
I'm in first year Engineering. He is an amazing prof, one of the best the math department. He has good pacing of the material and explains very well. His class is always full for the first week or 2 of the semester, but only until people start dropping out, which is a common thing in Engineering :P,4.5,2.0
The BEST PROF in my 1st yr Engineering program. If I were not in his class, I don't think that I can get "A". I love U SIR, "ONE MARK"!!!,5.0,2.0
I've never had him personally but i heard hes an AWESOME teacher. Too bad his classes are always full.,3.5,5.0
he is the best prof for math......,5.0,1.0
The course evaluation is not negotiable i.e. Individual requests for alternative weightings will NEVER be considered.,1.0,5.0
I saw him or someone who looked exactly like him at Solid Gold few days back. He looked very happy. THE COURSE EVALUATION IS NOT NEGOTIABLE. IE. INDIVIDUAL REQUESTS FOR ALTERNATIVE WEIGHTINGS WILL NEVER BE CONSIDERED.,1.0,5.0
he is the one of the best teacher i have ever had..n definitely THE BEST for math..for 1Z04 i didnt go to most of my class..but in childs class now u actually feel like going cz FINALLY I UNDERSTAND SOMETHING..HE ROCKS!!,5.0,4.0
Very arrogant prof. He thinks he is KING of the math department. Please. He's more like KING OF THE TOILET. So far my worst experience at Mac was having this guy as a prof.,1.0,5.0
Best Math Teacher at Mac!!,5.0,3.0
His lectures match his name: childish.,1.0,5.0
We just called it my dad's rule. Childs is the most popular first-year Eng prof, and for good reason. He knows what he's talking about and answers people's questions well. You'll like him even better if you an appreciate his odd sense of humour. I've fallen asleep in almost every class, but Childs manages to keep Calc interesting every lecture.,5.0,2.0
He keeps a large collection of Rocco movies in his office.,1.0,5.0
He was the worst among all profs I had in Fall 2006 when I took his Stats 3D03. He was so bad I don't even have words to explain how terrible his teaching methods were. Please avoid this prof for any course.,1.0,5.0
Notes are very helpful. I didn't even have to buy the textbook. Did very well in the course just using the notes. Sometimes says awkward things.. but overall great teacher! PS I liked Canty, but to say that Canty's more knowledgeable and passionate is def false. Childs LOVES stats, know much more.,4.5,2.0
this guy is a good prof. he sticks to his timeline and makes some pretty good jokes. He is easy to understand.,4.5,2.0
Compared to Canty, this prof was nothing. Canty is the stats genius and the most fair stats prof ever. Canty's knowledge and unparalleled enthusiasm in the classroom makes Aaron childs look like a small 'child',1.0,5.0
I had him in Fall 2006 for stats 3D03 he was really tough for that course as well. His Assignments were brutal and worth only 15%,1.0,5.0
This guy is really the worst prof EVER. He is incredibly stern arrogant and unforgiving with regards to the course policies. Highly Inflexible and he's got a major attitude issue. Annoying voice too. Try to avoid him if at all possible. He is apparently a specialist only in first yr calculus, teach uper year courses, then we'll know if you're smart,1.5,5.0
Best professor in the math department (at least for Engineering). In addition to his excellent teaching ability, he also has a great sense of humour.,5.0,3.0
Awesome prof! Great explanations, always willing to answer students' questions and he's hilarious during lectures :),5.0,2.0
HE IS VERY TOUGH PROFESSOR I RECOMMEND U SWITCH TO DR.CANTY SECTION HE IS THE BEST OF ALL STATISTIC PROFESSORS,3.0,5.0
Easy to understand, good examples. Excellent teacher.,5.0,3.0
Really great at explaining and answering questions, while still following timelines...,5.0,3.0
Excellent prof,4.5,5.0
superrrrrr amazingggg,5.0,1.0
Amazing prof!,5.0,3.0
You cant help but take great notes in his lectures.,5.0,3.0
great prof., helpful and funny. one of the best profs at mac,5.0,2.0
He is great.,5.0,5.0
funny and easy to understand,4.5,2.0
He's awesome! Best prof! So helpful, funny...,5.0,3.0
Awesome prof. He will destroy you.,5.0,4.0
i never thought i would enjoy calc. great job!,4.0,4.0
very funny.,4.5,3.0
Childs kicks ass. Great explanations, clear voice and writing. And he's pretty halarious.,5.0,3.0
Great prof, soooo funny.,5.0,4.0
Best prof!!,4.5,2.0
Cool prof! Definitely the best math prof I had so far,5.0,1.0
Good professor. Extremely anti-social outside of lecture though...,5.0,3.0
The voice bugged me...but hes a good teacher,5.0,1.0
He was a very good teacher. He made jokes when he knew that we all needed a laugh to keep from crying at the complexity of the problem. All in all a very good teacher. Best yet!,4.5,3.0
Childs is a sweet prof. Makes us laugh, AND understand maths :),1.5,3.0
omg hes such an ass but an amazing professor the "i just realized you guys have the most courses and the hardest courses! i guess that means when youre done you will be really good engineers... all FOUR of you!" kills me, when i cant get into my lecture bcuz everyone else comes to my class since their profs suck kinda makes me mad tho,4.5,3.0
Best prof I have ever seen. If he is teaching stats3d03 you need to take the course immediately. He is really fair and not tough.,5.0,2.0
The best prof! Very loud, nasal voice (doesn't use a mic) and huge, clear printing on the board. Although he seemed to be arrogant, he's actually a really nice man. Funny guy too, with a few corny jokes up his sleeve. Points out people who sleep in class. Answers questions patiently and clearly, no matter how difficult. Tests weren't hard at all.,5.0,1.0
Very good prof. If you failed a course that's your problem. All profs have certain rules they have to follow and if on top of raising everyone's mark you still fail the course then it's kind of too bad. You didn't deserve to pass.,5.0,1.0
a great prof, makes everything clear and easy to understand. If you do your work you are guaranteed a good mark, it's not even hard either ...if you go to his lectures because he explains everything so well(calc and algebra).,5.0,1.0
I think it's unfair to judge him based on his policy of "not considering individual requests for alternative weightings" I mean that's a rule that pretty much every prof has, and the reason why he puts it under "post exam FAQ" is because engineers will never understand unless he makes it crystal clear. He's an excellent prof & a very sweet person.,5.0,2.0
you MUST attend class and take awesome notes because for both courses I took with him I'd skip class and try to get by with the textbook and ended up with a D+ in both courses. he gives everything in the notes. very clear. wont trick u. he repeats same jokes every year and they're cheezy but still funny,3.5,2.0
very good,4.0,2.0
After exams he posts a 'post exam FAQ' list indicating that if you ask him to increase your mark by one point for whatever reason, he's just not going to do it, no matter how badly you need it. That displays how unhelpful this guy is. Don't know why people give him good ratings.,3.0,4.0
OK he is very helpful (being sarcastic) because he always says this "The course evaluation is NOT negotiable. i.e., individual requests for alternative weightings will NEVER be considered" I think he deserves less than 0 for helpfulness,3.0,5.0
excellent, funny prof. keeps stats interesting. tests are pretty easy if you study. no problems here.,5.0,2.0
just too good! and he makes fun of science kids,5.0,1.0
Very clear with tons of examples (that actually help when the test comes!) Sure his jokes are corny, but the feebleness is somehow still funny. Basically if you have Childs, your going to get atleast an 8 in the class, no question about it.,5.0,2.0
good prof,4.5,4.0
he's awesome. Really taught the class well. And really easy to understand,5.0,3.0
Best and funniest prof in ENG 1 so far. keeps it up straight to the point and very helpful.,5.0,2.0
sweet, scripted jokes, but amausing enough. very clear.,5.0,2.0
Funniest prof, takes time out of lectures to talk about kicking asses and the like. Excellent coverage of the material, although a little non-chalant,4.5,1.0
Best prof ever. If you go to his algebra class 3 mins late, prolly u have to sit on the stairs or floor, b'cuz pp dont go to other classes and come to our class. If u get his notes. Just redo them before u take test( if u dont have the time to do all suggested problems). This is is the only 2 classes i feel reluctant to skip.,4.5,1.0
The BEST Level 1 Prof in Engineering by far! He's extremley clear and his notes complement the textbook EXTREMLEY well. His jokes are acutally quite funny and keeps you interested in learning.,5.0,1.0
What can I say about Dr. Childs? He's the BEST math prof at MAC. SERIOUSLY. He knows the stuff by heart, and more importantly he can TEACH it! I don't know what this subtely condescending crap is about! GOD PPL he jokes around so u don't FALL ASLEEP! Take a hint there arent many profs that do that! He is open to many questions so u can understand.,5.0,1.0
very funny, easy to understand,5.0,2.0
Childs is the man! Enough said. If you didnt like him its your own problem and didnt get to know him. Maybe show upto class once in a while and you might pass.. I got a 60 in high school calculus and got a 12 in his class.. very nice guy!,5.0,2.0
He makes the final exams of all the courses that he teaches and his final exams are not so easy.I got 75% in term tests but after writing the final exam my final grade was 60%.You can easily judge his difficultness(open your dictionary) in final exams.,3.0,4.0
Great prof, great notes, great classes. Makes math class extreamly enjoyable.,5.0,1.0
good prof.. he sounds like Big Bird.. listen for it next time you hear him talk.. lol,4.5,2.0
Great prof! Very clear lessons, easy to take notes, comfortable atmosphere. Can't help laughing at the lame jokes, at least they brighten up an otherwise dull calc class.,5.0,3.0
Not bad, but he is subtlely arrogant and condescending, masked as a lame sense of humor. personally dislike him, but the class was decent.,3.0,3.0
Difficult course, taught well, funny tidbits of information to keep the class intersting. Good lad. The person who posted below this post is crazy!,5.0,4.0
U can't find anyone worse than this guy in your whole life.You may not know what is "WORST"mean,Just look into the dictionary,U can find Aaron Child's photo right next to "WORST".U can't get anyone worse than him.,1.0,5.0
Has a wry sense of humour...kinda approachable, clearly very bright. Straightforward teaching style...copy down his notes, do the assignments, and you'll ace the class. Had him for 2nd year Stats..nothing out of ordinary in regards to his expectations.,4.0,1.0
I was actually supposed to go to Jopko's lectures, but Childs is a much better prof. I like his repetoire of about three different corny jokes, and his straightforward explanations.,5.0,2.0
A really nice teacher. knows his stuff really well and makes the class very interesting by those funny jokes he puts up. got an 11 on his course and i really like the way he teaches.cheerz...,5.0,2.0
:>,5.0,2.0
-Great professor, difficult course. Very helpful, and clear,5.0,4.0
This course looks easy but have lots of work to do.Looks like he is helpful but did not well prepare for the lecture though. If you dont have many free time, dont take this course. DONT TAKE 5 MATH COUSES IN 1 TERM!!!!,3.0,4.0
a GOOD TEACHER! only need to pay attention and take good notes in class, and u'll do really well. appreciates hard work. very FUNNY! very organized so have questions prepared b-4 going to see him for help.,5.0,1.0
super nice and funny, however, not laughing when it sounds like big bird is teaching you integration by parts was very hard,5.0,4.0
nice and funny! good teacher too,4.5,3.0
despite the fact i might have failed the final, still a really good prof, clear and really funny, cornyness only works when ya do it right, and this guy did it right,5.0,2.0
I wonder how many famous mathematicians are his mom?,4.0,4.0
Explains things pretty well, and the jokes keep lectures interesting. Leave his door open "that much" or he'll kick your ass.,4.5,2.0
childs is two bowls full of hilarity,5.0,3.0
couldn't stand to be in this class, and his corny jokes were not funny, they were just corny.,2.5,3.0
very good teacher!!,5.0,3.0
Amazing professor...he provided such a thorough introduction to statistics in first year that I ended up with a 12 in second year while watching other students fail miserably because of their poor background in stats. His corny jokes were hilarious.,4.5,3.0
He's too sexy...He always keeps a straight face when he makes jokes, which makes it even funnier. He is the most organized prof I've ever had.,5.0,4.0
Great teacher and a great class,5.0,4.0
Shouldn't be a course co-ordinator !!! Some test versions are way too hard than others.,1.0,1.0
An absolutely hilarious guy who made learning Algebra easy.,5.0,2.0
Hilarious guy who keeps kicking everyone's ass.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Great sense of humour. Like when he makes fun of people.,4.0,2.0
its like high school with 400ppl in your class,5.0,2.0
I doubt his math skill, usually did wrong in lecture even just easy example.... !!!,1.5,5.0
really goooooooooooooooood,5.0,1.0
Can't miss his class. /* I am not Childs myself */,5.0,2.0
good guy,5.0,3.0
funny guy,5.0,3.0
funny as heck!,5.0,2.0
Very good prof...keeps algeo interesting somehow,5.0,1.0
made first year stats fun, one of 3 best profs had at Mac,4.5,3.0
He can write clearly and talk loudly, so everyone can hear and understand.,5.0,1.0
at least he can effectively use the chalkboards and explain his tea habits,3.5,3.0
Without Question an excellent teacher. A proff that still teaches without ovhd's,5.0,3.0
ridiculous tests,2.0,5.0
The best math prof.,4.0,2.0
Explains problems with ease, and has a very clear loud voice.,5.0,2.0
the course is hard but he makes it work,4.0,3.0
Took this last year online (covid). JJ is a really cool guy and he's extremely knowledgeable. However, MME3380 components is a very heavy class and requires tons of time if you want to do well. Most students don't really know what's going on. Exam was very hard, not sure how I passed (must've been an adjustment to everyone's marks),3.0,4.0
Dr. Johnson seems like a nice person. But he fails to present class concepts clearly, often times he will leave variables in lecture and never assign a name to them. Lectures are half chopped (you need to read the textbook and lectures to see what his preference for things are). Overall not a pleasant class to take because of that.,1.0,3.0
One of the least liked courses Ive ever had to take at Western. Seems like barely any effort goes into lectures.,1.0,3.0
If you like the course content/subject matter, you'll love the lectures, and the assignments, and yes also the exam and the project!He's really easy going, approachable, marking is pretty fair, gives a fair number of assignments that help you keep up with the course content. Choose the project over midterm if you have time for it--will learn a lot.,5.0,4.0
Excellent course, taught in very liberal fashion. Take out the effort you put in. Relates it all back to core eng concepts, and examines very fairly. Lots of personal anecdotes. Pawns off to guest lecturers for half the course, so you get to meet some cool industry incumbents. Do the work yourself, and you'll succeed. 'Team Eng' will get you a 78.,5.0,2.0
Fantastic prof. He actually shows concern for students understanding. Very relaxed lectures. He makes himself available if you need help.,5.0,3.0
Big J, best prof in the world. #college,5.0,4.0
He explains biomechanics concepts in a way that brings all past engineering knowledge together for students to be able to solve biomechanics problems with no anatomy background. Very interesting class and would highly recommend even for students not interested in working in this field of study.,3.5,3.0
Great professor. Not afraid to slow things down if he feels like we're not getting it. Does plenty of examples that are relevant to the course/projects/exam.,5.0,2.0
Great professor, cares deeply for his students and is passionate about his field.,5.0,3.0
The Hugh Hefner of Engineering. Looks like Michael Douglas. Good teacher. Hottest TA's ever!,4.5,2.0
Well organized, clear, actually teaches the material he doesn't just present it,5.0,4.0
Good Professor,3.0,5.0
Expects you to read everything in book. Doesn't give an overview for test (overview is literlly listed pages, which basically contains the whole chapters) Not only expects you to read everything ,but also expects you to remember everything he said on lecture (means he can put it in the Test).,1.0,4.0
This professor is very knowledgeable and if you are taking the Supply Chain and Operations program he will be by far the most valuable in terms of take home knowledge. He is however rather unapproachable and with his high degree of knowledge comes a high degree of arrogance. His classes are very educational, but they are not pleasant due to him.,1.0,5.0
Brian Watson is not for everyone. He is tough but fair. He takes his position in the college very seriously. He does not let students who don't know their stuff pass. He cares very deeply about supply chain and as long as you do the work, understand the concepts behind the terms, you'll be fine. Learn his specific wording to get the best marks.,5.0,4.0
He is a tough teacher, but it is expected from a 3rd year class and he expects you to know what you're doing. You learn a lot from him, but be prepared to work hard.,3.0,4.0
Although Brian is not very approachable and empathetic for slacking students, he is very passionate about learning and excellence. He has very high standards. Somtimes I found that we connected quite well when other could not with him. I think the reason for that is because I was able to identify my weaknesses and be open-minded to his ideas.,3.5,3.0
I think a lot of students dislike this class because they don't put in the work. The concepts aren't always intuitive, and require attendance, participation, and preparation. Brian provides all of the tools necessary to succeed in the course. Brian isn't going to be your best friend, but he is enthusiastic about operations management.,4.0,3.0
An embarrassment to the school,1.0,3.0
He is a very arrogant and boring person. You think he is like that just in class but you begin to understand that he is like that ALL the time! Two thumbs down for this guy.,2.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
What a DORK !!!!!!,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Totally hopeless,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Chill guy. Passionate about poetry. Didn't buy the textbook, as I just used poetryfoundation to do the readings, assignments and my discussion posts. Do the work and you'll do well. I don't think attendance is mandatory, but its a sure plus as he'll ask questions to the class and we'll have breakout rooms.,5.0,3.0
Was a bit irked at first because it seemed more like a philosophy course than an English course, but readings pay off because many of the texts show up in later English courses. Had 'writing workshops' and formative feedback for papers which helped to not procrastinate and do really well. Attendance mandatory: -2.5% per missed class!,4.5,2.0
Dr. Easton was very knowledgeable about the field. I like the way the course was designed, particularly the structuring of the readings. Though his feedback on essays and seminars was minimal, he was helpful when consulting with students. He has a solid grasp of each of the texts studied and is able to point out relevant passages for the class.,4.0,3.0
An interesting course with well-chosen, complimentary readings. Valuable for English majors or if you have a keen interest in 18th-c. fiction. He's great with Jane Austen! Make sure you do the heavy readings, but if you miss a day, he's great at making sure you're on board. Fair marker, too.,3.5,4.0
Nice guy, but I absolutly despised the content (all romance novels in an 18th C lit course). He was always late for class, and I was constantly watching the clock all through lectures. Definitly not my kind of professor. Great for anyone really into the mechanics of novels and Richardson's "Pamela." Not great for anyone interested in theory.,2.0,3.0
Avoid, avoid, avoid! Obnoxious, conceited, waondering off, narrow-minded, full of complexes -- you name it.,1.5,3.0
Absolutely horrible. This guy was late every class. Displayed a unique lack of comprehension regarding personal appearance! Exam was wholly unrelated to the course material. Avoid like the plague!,1.0,5.0
give it time, he'll mention Princeton at least once in the semester.,2.0,3.0
A great prof, knows a lot about the subject, can really help you dig deeper. His lectures are pretty funny, he's notorious for being late daily. For those complaining about obscure books and verbose lectures... it's a 400 level English class, what did you expect?,5.0,4.0
Books aren't bad, although for some reason he chooses ones you've never heard of. Also he is very pretentious, and uses alot of big words you don't understand. He also thinks he's so funny, when really he's not (he wastes alot of time telling stupid anecdotes about his personal life) also he makes you go into "breakout groups", very stupid.,2.0,3.0
Really nice guy. Good class. Good content. I'd take it again.,5.0,1.0
Smart smart man. He is one of the best speakers at UW. Big vocabulary but breaks complex ideas into easily digestable bits. Nice guy too.,5.0,2.0
very interesting classes. enthusiastic prof. maybe a bit too easy-- i wonder how many students went away with A+s each time...,5.0,1.0
Really interesting class. He was very enthusiastic and motivating. Very recommended.,5.0,3.0
good teacher, course is very interesting,2.5,2.0
Prof. Easton combines the intellectual with the comical. He listens to students and reciprocates with killer humour. This man is the best, his laugh, his smile, his intelligence turns me on.,5.0,3.0
did you know he went to Princeton??????,2.0,2.0
English 208L is great! Fraser is interesting, cool guy!,3.0,3.0
he is funny, interesting, and a great teacher,5.0,3.0
funniest man alive, oh ya and he's brilliant. take his class,5.0,3.0
He is hilarious, cares about helping students do well in the course! he's cool!!,5.0,1.0
he's trying, but he needs to be more respectful of his students,2.0,4.0
Boring, unattractive - doesn't hold my attention.,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
Smart, interesting, cool.,5.0,2.0
Funny, and interesting. Loved his class. He rocks.,5.0,2.0
Nice guy, hilarious .... gives you wise tips and helpful!,5.0,2.0
not very friendly, somewhat immature,1.0,3.0
Made me want to study more Restoration material, my idea of a good english prof.,4.0,1.0
he seems very unsure of himself,1.5,4.0
The guys is hilarious, interesting and easy!,5.0,2.0
Lectures well on boring material but his personal skills are greatly lacking.,3.0,3.0
Can u say Bill Gates with a Beatles haircut?,2.0,4.0
Problem is with material, not Easton. He done good.,2.5,1.0
His lectures lack organisation, interest, and even general topics. Horrible!,1.0,3.0
nobody I knew in this class was interested,1.5,4.0
very interesting and intellectually challenging!,5.0,3.0
very nervous and self-conscious; not overly informative,2.5,3.0
although I wasn't overly inspired by his class, he makes an effort to teach well,4.0,2.0
definition of a good professor....if you disagree...don't be in english,5.0,2.0
awesome....u other anti-easton people are odd,5.0,2.0
avoid if at all possible!!,1.5,3.0
Stan is self-indulgent and has a serious Peter Pan complex. It doesn't take a lot of effort to do well in his class, especially if you sleep with him. Having said that, it's been 20 years since I took his class and i still have a soft spot for him.,4.0,2.0
Best professor I have had at UW. He is HILARIOUS, understanding and flexible. Takes a real interest in his students. Talks about extremely interesting things. I didn't particularly enjoy the books on the syllabus but went to every single class just for him.,4.5,1.0
Best prof ever. Was flexible with due dates, attendance wasn't required, funny guy. Shame he's retired now.,4.0,1.0
Awsome Prof. Very intelligent I wish I knew about him earlier since he's retired now!Got a 90 very easily.,4.0,1.0
Prof Fogel is amazing. I went twice and got an 82, although he liked that I handed in all my stuff really early. Anyways great prof if you want easy and enjoyable. Super fun guy and talks about crude things...who wouldn't love him? He says the f word extensively.,5.0,1.0
Amazing prof! Very funny and knows his stuff! It's a shame his last term is winter 2011,4.5,1.0
I understand why some have enjoyed this prof, however if you want to actually learn something about criticism, he is not the proffessor to go to. He is crude, rambling, and very self indulgent. He is also retiring after the Winter 2011 term, so if you truly want to take his course, get on it!,3.5,1.0
Thank you for being you Professor Fogel. You are the reason I am who I am today, and the direction my life has taken.,4.0,1.0
Brilliant. Fascinating. Sexy.,5.0,1.0
Marks very fairly, appreciates your ideas, and cracks the funniest jokes ever! He's super friendly and approachable, very understanding about the hectic university life and will not deduct marks if you really need an extra day to complete your essays. Classes are easy going and you will definitely take something away from this class.,5.0,1.0
I have TRVL LIT with him. AMAZING. Love seeing the conservative Christian girl next to me cringe during the sexually explicit film clips. He's hilarious but you learn alot. Super fair marker.,5.0,1.0
Sexy. Smart. Saucy. The most entertaining English prof at UW. Take a class with him, you'll NEVER regret it or forget it!,4.5,1.0
amazing amazing amazing!!! Stan, if you're reading this.. I LOVE YOU!! This prof can give you the freedom in this course to learn and interpret the course material in your own way. There's no judging of what you write on the paper.,5.0,1.0
Fogel's worth it for the anecdotes alone. Friendly, funny, and casual, but he absolutely knows his stuff. Manages to teach different courses identically, just with different books. 90 minute classes rarely run longer than 60. Offers "bonus marks" for various odd things (ie. using made-up words in an essay), and is generally regarded as an easy 88%.,5.0,1.0
Somebody buy this man a Cuban estate so he can live the dream. He deserves it.,4.0,1.0
He comes into class looking like a 60-year old with a teenage fashion sense. Tattoos, earrings, capri shorts, skater shoes, sunglasses always perched atop his spikey hair... Lectures for three hours using a small post-it note as lecture material. Even so, he really blew my mind when it came to post-modernism and all that jazz. Recommended.,4.0,1.0
best course and professor. I went to two classes the first and the exam. I had no clue what would be on the exam and wrote a poem for one question got an eighty. did great on essays freedom to be totally creative and still do well. Such a cool guy.,4.0,1.0
Professor Fogel is UW's best kept secret. His lectures are extremely entertaining, yet challenge students to think outside the box. Professor Fogel is very approachable and very respectful of his students. I highly recommend his courses, even if you are not an English major.,5.0,3.0
Took every course that Dr. Fgel offers. He is one of the few members of academia that I aspire to mirror in every respect. His intellectual abilties move at a rate exponentially higher and faster than many of his colleagues. Classes are interesting, amusing, informative, horrifying, offensive, disturbing, and motivating. Genius. True Genius.,5.0,3.0
Totally random and unpredicatable, but so much fun. His classes are interested, mostly because they're so far off topic it's insane. Easy marker, totally up for new ideas and new ways of thinking. My last essay was a page and a half book review not using the letter E and I got an 88%.,2.5,1.0
He's helpful, knowledgable, and yes, more or less unconventional, but most importantly he encourages you to learn and think critically.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Fogel will encourage you to think for yourself. He knows his stuff, is open-minded, and approachable. He can point you in the direction of all kinds of sources. If you've got a great idea for a paper within the framework of the course, he's open to that. In short, he's there to support you to explore what intrests you most.,4.5,3.0
This guy is hillarious, a bit off the wall but listening to him in class is like listening to a standup comedian. He can come off as a bit offensive to some but common the class was "the rebel". Great prof.,4.5,1.0
Waste of your time.,1.0,1.0
Class is unstructured but fun! Amidst anecdotes and digressions, he DOES deliver what you really need to get out of the class. If you're enthusiastic about the class and the material, you'll enjoy. If you never attend and you slack, you'll enjoy. If you like structure, guidelines, etc., you won't.,4.0,1.0
He offers fun courses. My doctor's orders are take a Fogel a term.,3.0,2.0
Took a Science Fiction course from Stan years ago. He pointed me to some interesting work in this genre which I wouldn't have been aware of otherwise. Class discussions were always incredible.,5.0,3.0
Amazingly lax teacher, very liberal with his marking, willing to re-mark anything you feel you deserve more for. One of my favourite profs at UW,4.0,1.0
Total randomness. Don't go to class because he does not cover the course material, but if your looking for dif interesting facts and funny stories, he's got them all. Good man, bad prof, easy marker.,2.0,2.0
No Comments,2.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Excellent prof. Very good w/ allowing creativity and very flexible w/ deadlines. Always excited to be teaching, very inspirational. Not recommended for those who need lots of structure..,5.0,1.0
The man interrupts himself every 5 seconds; he loves discussing sex - the cruder, the better; don't expect him to speak in any kind of sequential way. He's all over the place! That said, he's a fascinating character, and boy does he know his lit.,2.5,1.0
One of the most interesting english courses I've taken. Easy going, and fun, as long as you can follow the randomness of his speach. Looks like he stepped off the beaches of Havana to come to class... and he has. Definitly a prof to hope for.,4.5,1.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Very easy n' you don't learn much. He doesnt' care if you come to class or not.,2.5,1.0
Really approachable and flexible, very fair marker :),4.5,1.0
An interesting man. Gringo Star was a bit puzzling, but his appreciation for Henry James and Nabokov is refreshing. Isabel Archer would approve.,4.0,2.0
I still owe him an essay from 2 yrs ago & he doesn't care. Use that as you will.,3.5,1.0
It's been several years but I have used 95% of what he taught in my classes.,3.5,3.0
very easy going, allowed to hand in essays six months after course ended. got A.,4.0,1.0
allows a lot of freedom in your learning, but isn't very helpful outside of clas,3.5,2.0
People may mistake hme for a slouch, but Stan is a very erudite person.,4.0,1.0
Funny, SEXY!, Hyper, EASY, Smart, Didn't learn much but had fun/got a good grade,2.0,1.0
Mega sexy.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
Has lots of crazy stories! Picks great yet not-typical course readings,4.5,3.0
No Comments,4.5,1.0
He's entertaining, political, not to mention, an easy marker...enjoy it!,3.5,1.0
No Comments,2.0,2.0
Stan Fogel is not a God . . . is he even human?,1.0,1.0
Stan Fogel is a God.,4.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
Does he care about anything?,5.0,1.0
Love Him. Failed his class but eventually I'll get around to writing my essays,4.0,1.0
No Comments,2.5,2.0
This is his world and we are just living in it!,4.0,1.0
No Comments,1.5,1.0
could not make a better prof --- welcome to the world of modern lit,5.0,2.0
Rebellious and fun, keeps you entertained,3.5,1.0
EASIEST TEACHER EVER,4.0,1.0
Stan Fogel is the Philosopher King.,3.0,1.0
he's hot and smart. just take it in!,3.0,2.0
No Comments,2.5,1.0
haven't gone to class all term and still doing well!,4.0,2.0
His are the easiest English courses one can take!,3.5,1.0
He definitely knows how to relate lit. to today's *real world*. Fun& interesting,5.0,1.0
Shows shocking, disturbing films unrelated to course.,2.0,3.0
oh my, don't expect to take notes in this class :) random comments, anyone?,3.5,1.0
I don't think this guy EVER finished a sentence. Interesting though.,3.5,1.0
King of the bird course: gotta love him!,3.0,1.0
Responds to emails promptly,and tries to be helpful, but provides no useful feedback. Papers were very much a hit or miss-little feedback and explanation of mark. Over weighed minor or trivial mistakes on paper as opposed to focusing on the overall quality. One of the worse professors I have ever had.,2.0,4.0
Professor Kreller is one of the best professors I've ever come across. He is very helpful; he guides students throughout the course. He responds to emails and the discussion board promptly. I'd say that being one of Professor Kreller's students is important as studying Milton's "Paradise Lost" to complete an English degree.,5.0,3.0
If you ever needed any help with any assignment or concept, he is always willing to take the time to tell you what to do. A very easy marker, but doesn't give many comments on assignments. Very nice prof, but very boring lectures.,5.0,2.0
Good professor. Very approachable, gives good feedback, particularly if you ask for it. His classes are a little repetitive if you have done the readings right, but very useful if you haven't. Reminded me of Professor Slughorn from Harry Potter.,4.0,1.0
I took this class DE and this prof definitely tried to engage the students by use of a 'coffee club' online discussion forum so gets points for enthuiasism. However the actual course wasn't very substantive (barely any work at all). Also, he takes FOREVER marking assignments and barely gives any feedback, I don't know how he spends so much time.,4.0,1.0
I took 200A with a different prof, and absolutely hated it. I went into this class with low expectations. Kreller transformed British Lit into something incredible for me, and I did well on all of the essays. Watch for the exam - it is a force to be reckoned with. Study hard for it.,5.0,2.0
An amazing and easy going prof. Cares a lot for his students. Took ENGL 109 online with him this spring term and he really helped me do well in the course.,5.0,2.0
People who talk about work load are clearly not English students. In comparison to other English classes (which, keep in mind, require 5+ novels among other readings), I've had Prof Kreller three times and he is the easiest and nicest prof! He doesn't assign much work and doesn't have insane standards. He's kind and helpful!Best Engl prof!,5.0,1.0
Not much comments on Instructor it was DE. Course had 2 major essays, 10 quizzes and a final exam. Quizzes were not weighted enough for amount of work. Three novels to read each of which are long and complicated. Professor marks hard on essays and does not leave many comments for improvement. Don't take if want to improve your GPA take other ENGL.,1.5,5.0
Had him for ENGL102B Intro to Poetry through Distance Education. I really hated poetry in High School, but Prof. Kreller's passion for the subject actuall got me hooked on it. He is easy to understand, responds to questions in a timely manner via email and actually participated quite a bit in the online discussions. Best Prof I've ever had & funny,5.0,3.0
British Literature is really not my cup of tea, but prof Kreller manages to always make it interesting. He's always willing to admit if a student mentions a point he's never considered. He is very passionate about the subject and very helpful. Really nice guy. Definitely recommend him for 200A/B and any other boring brit lit classes!!,5.0,4.0
great prof, but the course is a lot of work between the three novels you have to read and the essays and online quizzes especially if you arent interested in the novels. If you prefer a simpler course with minimal projects and minimal class involvement then dont take this.,5.0,5.0
The best teacher I've had in my first year of university. As long as you put effort into your essays he marks fair and the exams are amazing. He teaches with clarity and you will learn everythign you need to know in his classes to do well. Awsome Professor!!!!!!,5.0,3.0
I found this class to be extremely interesting and the Prof. was amazing. Anyone who gave the professor a bad rating should be given a bad rating. They obviously didn't put much effort into this class and didn't have the right way of thinking going into it. The professor is extremely helpful and appreciative of someone's honest work. I love it!,5.0,1.0
Not into poetry prior to this class, but his enthusiasm on the subject has changed my thinking. Interesting lectures...more like having a conversation than a lecture. Really enjoyed his class,5.0,2.0
Hilariously funny. Makes you enjoy learning about stuffy old British men. His stories are great and you feel relaxed for one hour of your hectic day. Recommend participating in lectures.,5.0,2.0
Pretty much, the worst course I have ever taken...completely dull. Professor was boring and lectures were a waste of time.,1.5,2.0
Loved his class. Definatley recommend him. He gets the students involved in discussions. I never wanted to miss a class!,5.0,2.0
Amazing prof. This was a DE course and he was very involved on the discussion boards and seemed to actually value our opinions. Prof is not afraid to reward hard work. Make an honest effort and you will do well. Wish I could take more courses with this prof. Fantastic!,4.5,2.0
Amazing professor. He is encouraging and critical in all the best ways. He knows what the material off by heart it seems and he was the only prof out of many that would catch consistent errors I was making in my writing. I took every possible course I could with him.,5.0,4.0
DE Web course. Extremely helpful, available and willing to engage. No reason forfor doing badly, plenty of opportunity for bonus marks.,4.5,1.0
Awesome Professor - shows great interest in his taught subjects. Understanding and adaptive to problems.,5.0,3.0
Kreller is a great prof. He is extremely knowledgable about not only the texts but also the artists behind them. His teaching style is great; he incorporates photos and other visual material. Plenty of choice for topics. The negative comments on here are bogus!,5.0,4.0
Nice guy. Sort of a good grandfather figure, and his classes are rather easy, but he's a little obtuse sometimes. Tendency to simplify everything into two divisions, and you never really know what to write down. That said, he's still fairly easy, though not quite as easy as some profs I've had.,3.0,2.0
Anyone who bothered to read the textbook knows that he summarizes the contextual stuff given and then gives a poor-at-best interpretation of the poems.Essays should be taken from the lecture. If everyone did what he wanted, we would all write the same essay. I will never take a class with him again.I learned more from grade 12 English than him.,3.5,3.0
Prof. Kreller is probably the best professor I have had at University. He knows his stuff and isn't hung up on old-school stuffy academic concerns. You actually learn with this guy. I will take everything that he teaches while I'm in University.,5.0,3.0
Absolutely great prof. I took this course through DE. He answered all of my emails very quickly and his comments on my assignments were consistant,helpful and accurate. Assignment turn around time was always as outlined.I would take another course with him in a heartbeat!,5.0,4.0
Excellent Prof. Useful and constructive criticism provided. He is fair and understanding and knows the subject very well. I'm glad to have him for the continuation of the course, ENGL 251B.,5.0,3.0
This guy is a class act. Very friendly and helpful. His game is pretty solid; he knows his stuff and he manages to communicate the material to his students with ease. Take as many courses with him as you can.,5.0,2.0
Personable and caring prof. He's enthusiastic about the course material, provides interesting insight into discussions and marks fairly.,5.0,2.0
A great teacher in the classic model - inspiring, interesting, patient, and interested in his students.,5.0,3.0
Excellent prof who is extremely helpful, concerned about students and thier welfare, loves the material and attempts to challenge students into being enthusiastic as well. Used wonderful online discussions as easy marks, and was fair about material and testing. Great prof.,5.0,3.0
His course material was good. It'll teach you more than he will. Nice guy, helpful, but stupid online component that had me talking to other ignorant ****bags for marks. But he likes what he teaches...,2.5,3.0
He is a little bit of a hard marker, but only because he makes clear his expectations. He is incredibly helpful outside of class and encourages you to come see him. He eases your worries on assignments. Possibly the cutest man I have ever met!,4.5,3.0
the guy's a softie. he really knows his stuff, and I think he just wants to get his students as interested as he is. Really great guy to talk to, really interesting, a bit tangential. fabulous for adult students returning to school.,4.0,2.0
Prof. Kreller is very intelligent and made the course very enjoyable!!!,5.0,2.0
Very helpful, easy exams, he gives you the essay questions that will be on the final!,4.5,1.0
i avoided going to this class at all costs. not only were they incredibly boring, he definitely should be teaching younger students. his methods are very old fashioned and would seem to work better in an elementary school setting. nice guy though.,2.5,3.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
THE SWEETEST PROF EVER,4.5,4.0
Gave him an average score because he seems willing to help, but so many people wouldn't need help if he wasn't so fidgity and weird. Normally those are good qualities, but to me, this guy seems like a guy you'd want to avoid in the park.,3.0,3.0
Enthusiastic about chosen texts.,5.0,3.0
He's very nice but his material taught me absolutely nothing. Mr. Dressup lives!,2.5,1.0
Good teacher, but couldn't explain how studying criticism helps anybody,4.5,3.0
He really needs to update his approach, but he is a nice guy,1.5,1.0
he's nice, but not qualified to teach 4th yr courses, should teach high school,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,2.0
If gund made a prof. bear he should be the model,5.0,3.0
Can anyone say Mr. Dressup?,4.0,3.0
Unpretentious, eager to learn from students, and the sweetest guy ever,4.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Clearly loves the subject, but isn't very "politically correct".,4.0,2.0
Great guy, loves lit, knows everything, can make you love poetry to death,5.0,1.0
he's a sweetheart, very smart,5.0,2.0
he needs to find out about cd's...,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,1.0
Lovable and humorous. Goes a little overboard w/the visual aids, though!,5.0,1.0
He was my favorite.Very intelligent,kind & helpful - a sweet person. *Loves lit.,5.0,3.0
Pleasant & kind, interesting & well-paced lectures, vast knowledge is admirable.,4.5,2.0
intelligent, yet has very much a personable side,5.0,2.0
I think he's the greatest. Clever and Kind,5.0,2.0
"sorry, I'd like to give you the money, but..",3.5,3.0
I don't know, what do you think? Does this set off any bells, bongs, whistles?,2.5,2.0
No Comments,3.5,2.0
old-fashioned, but lovable,3.5,2.0
I now am a lecturer in a university and still look back at my notes when designing my classes. Brilliant man, wonderful teacher. All you need to do well is to apply yourself and to be inquisitive. Don't memorize for the sake of grades, really try and learn and you'll do well. Only regret is I didn't take more of his classes.,4.0,3.0
Best professor I had at Waterloo. Yes he is hard but it is University...not high school. The man is brilliant and if you take the time to learn from him, it will be well worth it. No prof at Waterloo will teach you better critical thinking skills.,4.5,4.0
class averages on midterms are always under 50%. just don't take his class.,1.0,5.0
Beware of Moul!! Very hard professor. His explanations do not help anyone at all. Tried my best and still failed the class. Sought extra help. Did not help. Beware!!!!!,2.0,4.0
Having had Prof Moul for Mass Political Violence and Stats over 10 years ago, I can tell you this: Get to know this man. Take his class. Talk to him. Ten years later, the things I learned from him are the few things I keep with me today. He's scary smart, but see him after class, talk to him. He cares about his students.,4.0,4.0
Taking a course entitled World Politics, it is generally expected to be relevant, worldy, and current. Bill Moul is stuck in the Cold War. This class would have been amazing in 1975, but its antiquated. I'm not sure if anyone has told this man that the Cold War is over, or that he is an unreasonable marker. Definitely stuck in his ways. watch out!,1.5,5.0
he is a good prof. he knows his****. he is as simple as possible but because of his expectations we assume hes hard. he wants you to know BASICS not so much details. and he is confusing, its like watching LOST, you have no effin clue whats going on until the last class/episode haha :),3.5,3.0
As a political science major, I would urge you NOT to take PSCI 281. I learned absolutely nothing new and was bothered by his ridiculous/ pointless questions. I love political science, but this isn't a proper psci course. Moul is a nice guy, and obviously smart, but not a good prof at all. Needless to say I won't be taking any more of his classes.,2.5,4.0
Good course but only restating climate theory wrt state development.,3.0,4.0
Unlike any teacher or professor that I have ever had (in a good way). Extremely interesting material. Concepts taught through historical examples. Makes you think and work hard, but you'll be a better student because of it.,4.0,3.0
Tough grader on the essays but easy to do well on the midterms if you attend the lectures and take thorough notes. You won't regret taking the course and will definitely leave more knowledgeable about political theory than when you came in.,4.5,3.0
Good guy. Interesting material...His lectures are like riddles...which is great if you like riddles. I think that if you're at U of W to get a piece of paper you'll hate his style. If you like to think and be challenged, you'll love him.,3.0,4.0
Worst class I've ever take in my entire life. I'm not gonna sit here and deny the fact that Moul is not an intelligent, educated and bright man, but I think his approach to teaching what he knows sucks and needs major work... Make your students understand, not confuse them by *trying* to make your lectures seem out of order.,1.0,5.0
Easily one of the best Professors I've had. Class is definitely different, it may seem random at times as he likes to throw in facts that are relevant to the subject but not the lecture. It's not an easy course but he does everything he can to give you a good grade as long you put in the effort.,3.5,3.0
At the beginning I disliked him. But that was because I was used to profs spoon feeding info. He's not going to give you easy, neat little answers to complicated problems. Get over it. By the end you will have gained much. Not a bunch of memorized political theories, but understandig that you can actually apply. That's my spiel =),4.0,4.0
its a hard class, don't take unless you have to. Moul is a nice guy, but his classes leave you very confused. He also requires a lot of his students considering its a second year course.,2.5,5.0
The course is for the intelligent. Its not hard, but if you keep up with the readings (25 pages a week) and relate it to his lectures, towards the end of the course you really do become a smarter person. Highly reccomend any of his courses, as a teacher he is so helpful and nice. sometimes he even sings for his students. He is IVY league educated!!,4.0,4.0
Very helpful. Went out of his way to help students. Even offered to proofread/edit before papers were officially submitted. Great professor!,5.0,3.0
The final exam was rediculous, no one finished in time. Weekly assignments are pretty much hit or miss. They take me 12+ hours a week to do. It is very hard to understand what he is talking about in class. You will either get a 90 or a 60 in this class.,2.0,5.0
nice guy. while he is really smart, he can sometimes be incomprehensible, and sometimes goes on rants completely unrelated to the topic at hand. He is an acquired type of learning, that takes practice,2.5,5.0
Great prof and great guy. Can be a bit unintentionally rude in class and lectures are sometimes unorganized. A pleasure to listen to and learn from, highly recommended course.,4.0,3.0
iv taken a number of courses with Moul, and one thing is certain. he takes some getting used to, you need to learn to understand his language/method, but once you do, all other profs look like elementary school teachers... really good prof if you are interested in PSCI, if not, stay away.,5.0,4.0
Prof. Moul's lectures (even in a statistics class) are very interesting as he draws from a wide variety of interesting sources to make his point(it always comes together). He'll expect you to know the material inside and out, as his tests are very tricky. I never thought I'd love stats the way I do after taking his class.,4.0,4.0
He needs to use some visual aids. It can be really hard to follow the direction of his lectures. Hard to figure out his main argument. Also, dull, monotonous voice.,2.0,5.0
"Utterly" brilliant- the best prof in the department, one of the best profs I've ever had, I'm richer for having taken his classes. He changed the way I look at politics. It's true, he's tough to follow (he actually has more knowledge than is good for him:) but don't let that stop you- if you listen long enough, his arguments come together.,4.5,3.0
His wealth of knowledge and peculiar nature makes his class very interesting. Another classmate commented on his odd mid terms but neglected to mention that you got 10% if you showed up and weren't even required to give a correct answer. I thought the mid terms were very helpful in reviewing your knowledge. If you don't read, don't bother taking it,3.0,3.0
very unclear..hard to understand what he is saying readings are strange...midterm is getting up in class and answering a random question he throws at you on a friday afternoon...,1.0,4.0
MOul, simply put, BRILLIANT man, take his course for once, who cares about your mark he will make you into a better person, everyone ive talked to that took him said, even if we got a 99, it wouldent matter, its just how he makes you understand take a class with this man, oh yea, and hes cute!,5.0,3.0
Moul is BRILLIANT - not only for the unbelievable amount of knowledge in his brain but for the way in which he applies it. His are the kinds of lessons that will stay with you for awhile... (Ppl who don't like him are usually not bright enough to appreciate or understand him.),5.0,3.0
A really nice guy, funny too, unfortunately that does not help him in any way to present the material. He'll then somehow expect you to know it - though he didn't teach it properly and its not in the text - and will put it on the exam. It's a wholly frustrating experience. Avoid for Stats, if not altogether.,2.0,5.0
this man is very very bright. Sometimes is comments will go straight over ur head, but i didn't mind. Hes an extremely interesting man who knows his stuff. If u have any intreset in polisci take his course,4.5,3.0
Extraordinary prof- the best in the department. The more politics I take, the more I see that his arguments ring true. The readings are fantastic and the marking is fair. It sometimes takes several lectures before his point becomes clear, so you can't miss a class. "Utterly" worthwhile! I'll take any class he teaches!,4.5,3.0
Sooo mind-numbingly boooring! Take any course but this one!,1.0,5.0
moul is god... he is the larry smith of politics at Waterloo!,4.5,4.0
VERY GOOD lecturer, looks like Kevin Spacey!,4.0,3.0
One of the best. If you're willing to think outside the box, you'll learn more here than anywhere else.,4.0,4.0
not a genius, a phalus is more like it. disorganized and confused in every class, self admittedly unable to present the material in a meaningful way to the students. wow,1.0,5.0
Moul is the BEST prof i've had at UW. Definitely a class you have to work hard in, but completely worth it. This man is a genious. You wouldn't expect it but he is also extremely humourous. Moul rocks!!,4.5,2.0
Professor Moul is the best Professor I had at Waterloo. More than any other professor he challenged me to change the way I think. While his classes are very difficult and he expects a lot from his students, your hard work is rewarded with an education experience unmatched in the Poli Sci department,5.0,4.0
Very hard marker. Too Smart to teach.,2.0,5.0
Moul is a genius. It can be difficult to understand what he is talking about, but at least he makes the class interesting and enjoyable. If you don't mind a bit of actual thinking, take a class with him.,4.0,3.0
Took PSCI 102K with him in 1994/95, and his course made me decide to major in Political Science. If you can think critically, you will succeed in his courses. If you can't...perhaps it's time to rethink the decision to take university-level courses.,5.0,3.0
The best psci prof!! Very engaging, thoughtful, and although at times hard to follow, he repeats his main points. Papers and exams were fair, as long as you do what he asks you to do. He has many stories that illustrate his arguments. Must attend ALL lectures to do well and understand his course.,5.0,5.0
Moul is definitely one of the BEST profs I've had in my 4 years at Waterloo. He is very passionate about what he teaches and is very engaging during lectures. The course content is interesting and incredibly eye-opening. You'll be a bit confused at first, but he brings it all together. AWESOME CLASS,4.5,4.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
You must take the WHOLE class in order to get the complete picture, and 2 books are hardly "too much reading". THE best prof in PSCI, period. Even if your final mark isn't superb (mine wasn't), your thinking will be dramatically changed. Take th,5.0,4.0
The best PSCI professor at Waterloo! While the course may seem confusing at first, it all comes together in the end. He invites you to think a lot! Open-minded/outstanding students: this class is a must take! Lazy students/students with no brain: avoid!,4.5,3.0
brilliant, but expects far too much for an into course. Final is BS, he even told us he purposly pics obscure questions, & then takes off marks for wrong answers. for students just gaining confidence in your ability to learn & expand, he may destroy that.,2.0,5.0
its uz and them...you have to look at the cases that dont fit...turn it upside down...so it goes...prof. moul is the most unclear, confusing prof i've ever had, fortunately he's more then willing to confuse you in private, thus i think hes helpful,2.0,3.0
This course is a must take, anyone who did not understand Moul's lectures obviously did not do the readings or attend all the lectures because if you do, he makes a lot of sense and he repeats things so many times so everyone should know what is going on.,5.0,2.0
A great professor. The course may seem confusing for the first while, but it all comes together in the end. Listen and think about what he says - I find myself applying what I've learned in this class to my other courses. Awesome.,4.0,3.0
Brilliant professor, good course. Don't listen to people who say his exams are tough, those are just the morons speaking. Take 281.,4.0,2.0
There is no doubt that he is a very brilliant man - his only flaw is his inability to communicate with the students on a level that they can understand. Considering it was an intro level to world politics - he expected too much background info already.,2.5,4.0
Bill Moul is dope. He picks apart the hollow excuse for a political doctrine that is realism. Don't take his class if you like Kissinger. Do take it if you have a brain.,4.5,3.0
He is obviously an unbelievably intelligent man. The problem is he tries to show it in his lectures. He is very unclear as to what is important in lectures. Very unorganized and difficult to understand. A poor lecturer.,1.5,4.0
If you think he's too deep, maybe you're just too shallow. He certainly makes you think, but if you're not serious about thinking, you'll get murdered.,4.5,3.0
He is seriously confusing. But, if you listen carefully to what he wants in a paper you'll find he demands very little. Keep it simple with this guy and you'll get the grade. But don't take him if you don't have to!,2.0,2.0
i think that there should be another category on this site that rates a prof's ability to inspire. A rewarding class,4.0,2.0
HARD MARKER! arrogant and expectations too high! not very helpful outside class,1.5,4.0
Most amazing teacher EVER!!!,5.0,3.0
Very interesting, hard marker, but everything comes together remarkably well,3.0,5.0
Though it maybe confusing, wait for it, it'll all come together in the end.,4.5,2.0
Brilliant, but can't teach well...makes things more confusing,2.0,5.0
knew where he wanted to go but like a **** driver swerved dangerously off cours,2.5,2.0
He delivers charming tales on world affairs in a haphazard and unfocused manner.,2.0,2.0
He challenges you, which is great. skilled orator.,5.0,3.0
Don't ever fall asleep you will be waaay too confused!,3.0,3.0
Totally wrong, but oh so nice! Unlimited assignment extensions!,3.0,3.0
Knows his stuff, but about 30 years behind the times.,2.0,3.0
Brilliant!,5.0,3.0
This course is not easy and A LOT of work. But he is a great teacher.,4.5,5.0
Interesting course, great stories... but remember we're only second year!!,4.0,4.0
No Comments,2.0,5.0
I'd advise taking his classes in upper years...,4.0,4.0
not as intelligent as these people claim, but nice as hell,4.0,4.0
Ok, he will break your mind over and over again with his rants. But hes awesome!,3.0,4.0
Taught this 1st year class as though it were a 4th year seminar. Very smart man.,3.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
I'm not sure whether or not he's the devil, but he IS very smart!,2.5,3.0
Smartest man alive...you do well if you go talk to him,4.0,3.0
Talks over some people's heads, but an excellent prof.,5.0,4.0
A first-class professor; what Academia is all about.,5.0,1.0
A bit confusing, but he's really smart.,5.0,4.0
Smart!,5.0,4.0
He knows his stuff well... but maybe he's too academic for me to understand him,2.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
Very smart guy, makes sense if you pay attention.,5.0,2.0
A very well read man, expects a lot from you.,5.0,4.0
Clearly intelligent, really makes you think. One of the best.,5.0,3.0
A brilliant man - maybe too brilliant. Be prepared to work, though!,5.0,3.0
His lectures have no point - he just babbles off on multiple tangents,1.5,4.0
Expect wild abstractions using upside maps and presumptuous deer hunts...,3.0,4.0
Very intelligent, expects students to be PHD material already,1.5,4.0
practice regurgitation, otherwise you won't do well,1.0,5.0
I hate you, you make me want to stab my eye out.,1.0,5.0
Gives great lectures, perhaps too informative for a 1-hour lecture though.,4.0,3.0
Very interesting speaker, somewhat confusing in course objectve,4.0,3.0
great prof,5.0,3.0
she rocks,5.0,5.0
Energetic, fast lecturer. Knows her stuff. Lots of work, but learned tons. Sorry to hear she's gone.,5.0,4.0
It's too bad she is gone, because she was amazing.,5.0,4.0
Took her post-Communist Russian politics class -- one of the hardest classes I've ever taken, but also one of the best. Sad that she's gone, now!,4.5,5.0
Very smart, very enthusiastic, but I just didn't dig her class at all. Granted, politics of the EU is a difficult topic, but what the ****. More busy work than you could imagine, and whoever said she was hot is a very puzzling human being as well.,4.5,4.0
she is very attractive, which makes the class more enjoyable. her energy just fuels the entire class.,4.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
Intensity, Intelligence, Hotness. Weigle rules,4.5,4.0
Amazing professor. Incredible energy and enthusiasm. Lots of work but worth it,5.0,4.0
Sometimes she talks so fast the ink from my pen can't keep up.,4.5,4.0
Lectures are long and you have to take a lot of notes. Exams do not cover everything, but can't ignore anything. Spends more time explaining the course with current events than any professor I've had. The downside is that there's not a super clear plan/prepared notes/decks. Very tough on work but also one of the friendliest guys on campus.,5.0,5.0
Your grade relies solely on two midterms and the final. There are some very short quizzes (3-4 questions) that are also included, but mostly just hurt your grade. I found the exams to be difficult to understand. I would understand the textbook, and then be confused after the lecture. He's a funny guy, though. Hard class.,3.0,4.0
Unless you like having riddles for exams and getting no credit for a completely correct answer, avoid Decoster. Also he doesn't bother learn anyone's name, so you don't even get credit for attendance. Maybe he has a photo roster.,1.0,4.0
No Comments,3.0,4.0
My favorite prof at Bowdoin. He may not be the most clear at times, but he is hilarious and keeps class interesting. He makes sure you learn interesting relevant things.,3.0,1.0
Good professor, but didn't know the topic. Bowdoin should either get rid of the class, or get a professor who can logically teach Finance. Also, most of class was spent talking about things that, although relevant to finance, were not relevant to the Class, and didn't teach anyone anything.,2.5,3.0
Good guy, funny, but not the person to take if you want things clearly explained step by step. An econ major's econ teacher . . .,2.5,4.0
Simply awesome. Yea he isn't around to hold your hand through the material, but he does go over it a ton of times in class. He gives a very good critical analysis of our economy and make you realize the direction in which it is going. For me this is crucial rather worrying myself with "math substit",3.5,3.0
He rocks. You learn to understand how our economy works (and how to detect economic **** in the media). Thought we was gonna knock over the kids in the front row a few times cause he always paces around. Having only 2 tests determine your entire grade in the class sucks ass though.,4.5,4.0
Simply: Not good, a professor ought to care.,1.5,3.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
entirely useless. confused half the class on simple algebraic substitution. scheduled his office hours during dinner and didn't show up for the final. if you defend him then you are wasting you time at school because he has lost the will to teach.,1.5,3.0
Smart guy, knows what he teaches like the back of his hand. Intermediate Macro is an intro to Finance. Tough to get a hold of outside of class, but great review sheets for exams and review sessions.,3.5,3.0
Great energy. Was always willing to help when you could find him, but he was rarely around his office outside of his posted office hours.,4.0,2.0
Tells great stories, explains concepts in clear, rational way - I'm glad I took the class,5.0,3.0
If you didn't like this guy then I probably was not friends with you cuz you were lame! Great teacher who takes emphasis off grading and stresses learning the material. Isn't that what school is for, not getting A's or B's that mean nothing to me now.,3.5,2.0
hardly long and boring- probably the best, most useful, class i've taken at Bowdoin,4.0,3.0
Yeah, these people are ridiculous. Decoster is a solid Econ Professor. He is clear and thorough. 256 is a good class with him. He actually takes the time to make sure we understand instead of just throwing information out there like most do.,4.5,3.0
what are those other people talking about?... DECOSTER RULEZ ...best class ive had in a while,5.0,1.0
No Comments,2.0,2.0
Long boring classes!!!,1.5,3.0
One of the worst professors at Bowdoin. I want my money back for this course. He has lost all motivation for teaching.,1.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
He did a much better job in 309 than in 256,3.0,1.0
Horrific, horrible, worst professor in 4 years of school,1.0,3.0
Just wasn't into teaching...,1.0,5.0
He is retiring in the spring. Great guy. Has been teaching here since my private instructor back home went to UD. King of Solfege. Helped me quite a lot my first semester.,4.0,3.0
I wish I was one of his "favorites" i really want to learn from him BUT sometimes I feel like he doesn't even care about anything I have to say. It's as if I mean absolutely nothing to him... why would I want to learn from someone who makes me feel that way?,2.5,4.0
He seems scary but is really a teddy bear. Show that you're interested in learning and he'll point you in the right direction. He's a great musician and has the tools to help develop his students as musicians and as educators. Open your mind and let him teach you.,3.0,3.0
i love dr streckfuss. i had him from 1997-2001, and he was such an amazing conductor, even though i was terrified to mess up for him...but he made you want to be good. even though he may seem like a jerk, he's just really shy and also has high standards. a good guy underneath the frown.,4.0,4.0
he loves a few, hates a few, and everyone else falls through the cracks. its time for him to retire. i think he's burned out.,1.0,5.0
perhaps he should have pursued education merely as an avocation.,1.5,5.0
Very grumpy at 8AM. Does not tolerate mistakes by the students very well. Seems like he needs a hug, but too intimidating to want to go near him.,3.5,4.0
totally insensitive,1.0,5.0
ruined by life,1.0,5.0
Dr. Streckfuss has effected my life more than any other teacher. He taught me disciplne and excellence. He taught me that music was more than "talent." It is a skill to be mastered. Thanks!,5.0,4.0
He is the best professor I ever had. I learned so much from him. When I graduated, I was well-prepared and ready to teach music. Dr. Streckfuss made you work hard, but it was all worth it. He is a great wind ensemble conductor!,5.0,3.0
is the face of constipation, but is also really funny sometimes. not funny when directed towards you. extremely sarcastic, pretty good conductor sometimes drops beats.whoops.,4.0,1.0
Awesome teacher. He knows so much and if you just listen to what he's saying you learn more than you could ever think. He is sometimes sarcastic but as long as you aren't a wuss and just laugh it's fine. Don't hate him because you didn't do well.,5.0,1.0
Can come across as mean and cold if you don't know him but is really just a shy guy. Very easy going in rehearsals.,4.0,2.0
Very very smart. He knows music and conducting. Sometimes comes across as mean,4.5,3.0
great conductor, shy but sarcastic if you listen,3.5,2.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
Will be destroyed by GAO X!!!!!,1.0,5.0
unclear, thinks he's perfect, disregards students' needs,1.0,4.0
When you do well you feel like you earned it,3.5,1.0
Extremely knowledgable, but doesn't actually TEACH you anything... it's ashame,1.0,4.0
Cold-hearted and indifferent. Knows his stuff, but not a "people person"not,2.5,5.0
Class is taught through an online program with self tests which she literally pulls word for word questions from. If you remotely do the self tests and memorize the answer choice, you'll do fine!,5.0,2.0
This is not an easy gen ed. Lock down browser for EVERYTHING. The tests cover a TON of material. It is a lot of information to cram.,2.0,4.0
She is a great professor. Tells you what you need to know and is straight forward with the content, however you still need to work hard in this class. The grade is all quizzes and exams, and you get up to 5 extra credit points by going to SI. Always responds fast to emails and is very willing to help you!,5.0,4.0
There's more material in this class than you can shake a stick at, but the instructor does a really fabulous job in structure and format. The notes are clear and concise, and you know from the start what's expected of you. You really have to work hard for a good grade, and you have to spend many hours with the material. Do this, you'll succeed.,5.0,4.0
This class is horrendous. The material isn't spread out evenly, she sprinkles religion into her lectures (which are nearly always read word for word from a PowerPoint), she covers way to much material, especially since the test questions are very specific and closed note. DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS. Really, don't. It's abysmal.,1.0,4.0
Amazing professor and very caring. Just memorize slides when she assigns them and you'll have no probs with tests. Seriously, tests are straight from slides. Don't have to read. Sends motivational and caring emails each week. Offers help in her office whenever. You always know what to expect with Debbie. She's a top professor at NKU.,5.0,3.0
This class is all about how much effort you are willing to put in. I suggest watching the lectures, taking notes over EVERYTHING, and studying early for the exams. If you do poorly on one test, bringing that grade up will be a struggle. Don't fall behind!!! As tempting as it may be to just take a week off.. DON'T!!! WATCH THE LECTURES!!!!!!!,4.0,4.0
Wonderful professor very caring, and very accessible if you need help she is always wiling to help. You really have to study a lot if you want a good grade. This is an online class based off of 4 test (100 pts. each), 6 quizzes (20 pts. each, lowest one is dropped), and 1 final (200 pts. cumulative) You are recorded the taking tests and quizzes.,5.0,4.0
-Lockdown browser for all quizzes and tests, even practice quizzes -Make sure you look at the study guide -You learn everything from a powerpoint, it is like teaching yourself -Tests cover a ton of material -If you are looking for an easy Gen Ed, this is not the class to take.,2.0,4.0
Anatomy is difficult to begin with and even more difficult when the lecture is taken completely online. She has plenty of videos and worksheets to help you understand. Still have issues understanding the material? Shoot her a quick email and she is always more than willing to meet with you to answer any questions.,5.0,4.0
Hardest class I've taken. She is a sweet lady and cares but her work load is overwhelming and she uses the Respondus Browser to record you taking all tests and quizzes.,1.0,5.0
She really cares about you and will help you to pass. This online lab was tremendously easier than my peers who took the lab on campus. There is a simple 5 question quiz. There is one mid term, one final. Nothing else. All homework is optional and is extra credit. I will say if you bomb the test it is hard to recover due to lack of assignments.,4.5,2.0
This class was required for my major and online was the hardest thing I have ever had to do. It's so hard to understand the lectures and the tests go much more in depth than the notes. DO NOT RECOMMEND ONLINE. If at all possible take lecture in class, it will save you.,2.0,5.0
She only gives 4 grades. 3 exams over chapters + the final exam. Everything is taught and reviewed by powerpoints. She does not help at all. The exams are usually over 8+ chapters. You are on a webcam recording during all exams, which is quite annoying. Failed the class, really disappointing. Unless your majoring in science, this class is DIFFICULT,1.0,5.0
Awful teacher. She resends the same e-mails to every class about how they're wonderful and how she is thinking of you, but its just something she typed up 10 years ago.,1.0,5.0
Never have I taken a bio class that didn't allow any sort of index card w notes, you are covering 36 different different powerpoint "lectures" in 8 weeks that is insane. Studying nightly & wkends doesn't seem to help. Its all memorization and she clearly tricks u on the tests, which the computer grades you on. what exactly does she do to teach?,1.5,5.0
I was worried about taking an online course, especially something as challenging as BIO 209. But I found it to actually be so much easier! Her tegrity lectures are clear and helpful. Can earn extra credit by going to SI, which I strongly encourage! Great professor!,5.0,3.0
This is by far the worst online class that I have ever taken. I am so frustrated it's absurd. We have to be video recorded while taking tests, we cannot go back and check answers, and we cannot use any cheat sheet. The tests are over 7+ chapters at a time. The lab and lecture do not match up. You literally have to memorize everything! DO NOT TAKE!,3.0,5.0
Its an online class without a text book. You are expected to devien what is on the test from her power points that are mixed with youtube videos about dogs surfing. The class blackboard looks like a 12 year olds myspace. If all I need to do is memorize, then give me a list. Take this class if you want to have a bad time. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.,1.0,5.0
This class requires a lot of self discipline and study. As long as you study everything she covers and keep up with the assignments, youll do fine...bio major or not. Debby was very helpful and even met with me a few times to go over some tough material. Shes willing to make time for her students and if you put forth the effort, youll get the grade,5.0,5.0
I took this class online and it was super hard. It was a lot of my own fault because I neglected this class since it was online. I learn much better in a classroom setting. However, her Powerpoints were just awful and had a bunch of terrible graphics and weird, unnecessary stuff. I wouldn't recommend this class unless you're super dedicated.,2.5,4.0
You better make sure you memorize every single word on her power points otherwise you won't do well. She tries to trick you a lot. Much harder now that you have to have your webcam turned on while taking an exam. Must study everyday,3.5,4.0
This class if tough!! It is only 4 exams that make up your grade. If you aren't a science major, you're going to struggle with the terms and it makes it that much more frustrating. I learned a lot in this class but i wish there was more meat to make up the grade if you don't test well...,4.5,5.0
This class was very interesting. You have to be very self organized and study. This isn't the online class you can just take the tests without studying. It's tough but she keeps it very interesting and fun.,5.0,3.0
She was great! Very helpful, the SI leader is awesome, so make sure to attend SI!,4.5,3.0
Great Professor! If one does not learn, or do well, it is because they have not put in the effort. Study everyday, learn and memorize the material, and you will do well in class. Stop blaming the teacher, and put some effort into your own education. You have Professor Dempsey, your slides, your book, and youtube....There is no excuse:),4.0,2.0
An easy class if you actually keep up on the weekly chapters and stay ahead, like you're SUPPOSED to. Exams were crazy hard though. BEWARE. THE. FINAL. It's beyond ridiculous. Ready to study 26 Chapters of Anatomy? Overall, a super nice (yet super difficult) professor that will help you anyway you can; very motivational and encouraging.,4.5,4.0
Great professor.,4.0,2.0
Do not take this class online, if you aren't good at teaching yourself. Anatomy is hard enough as it is. Her test are ridiculous, and this class wasn't helpful to me.,2.0,4.0
Don't take it online. I didn't learn anything from her online class. The test are ridiculous. I feel like she is a lazy teacher, most of us were asking what does she do? I do not recommend, she also rounds down, not up. Take it in class if you have the choice.,2.0,4.0
I took this course online and my peers took it in the classroom with Prof. Scola. Trust me, take this class online. Its difficult material and the 3 test online are super detailed and very challenging. Scoring %80 on these online test is considered good. You must study week or two in advance and be very organized with the note printouts she gives.,3.5,5.0
Took online. Tegrity lectures are great. Very clear. Good teacher. Make sure you attend SI. Hard class, must study. Exams are rediculously hard. She expects you to know every detail to get one question right. Automatically assumes everyone cheats bc exams are online so she makes exams extra hard.,5.0,4.0
I took this class online. The material is easy to understand, but the exams are EXTREMELY detailed and hard. Memorizing notecards for all the material was the only way I could do even alright on them. Study every day, even if its just a little bit, and DONT leave it till a week before the exam to start. Debby is super helpful if you ask, too.,3.5,3.0
I heard she is a great teacher in the classroom. But I had her online. She is very responsive and caring. 50 min for each exam online. In answering each question you cant go back to check your answers. There are No lectures, and concepts are often hard to understand. Make friends with the tutors. If you want good understanding, DONT TAKE ON LINE.,3.0,4.0
This has been by far the best online course I have ever taken. Sometimes it can be hard to get ahold of the instructor but she always responded back right away and very eager to help with anything.,5.0,2.0
So when I was deciding whether to take the online version of this class or the on-campus version I was surprised to find out no one compared them. My opinion is pretty simple though, you should deff take Dempsey online for this class! Hard class but MUCH easier than what my friends are having to do on campus. Don't be scared just because its online,4.0,5.0
It is advertised as an online class, but really is not. The Final exam is at NKU. If you need a science credit don't take this class.,5.0,5.0
The online 209 class is great!!! I would definitely recommend the class to anyone. Questions come directly from the powerpoints she posts. Notes are really easy to follow and she is an incredibly helpful professor!,5.0,1.0
Had her online but she was always prompt with assignments, notes, grading. Always there for help when needed. Great professor!!,4.5,1.0
This class is medical terminology and is an online course. I didnt not enjoy this class at all. The powerpoints were done by some other company and make no sense at all. The class is extremely boring and the final is 60% of your grade. I wouldnt recommend this class however it is the only class offered as of yet.,2.0,4.0
I loved Mrs. Dempsey! She teaches a very hard class but does a very good job at teaching the material and trying to help you get a good grade. If you stay focused you will do ok. Make sure to study alot though.,4.5,4.0
She's easy in the sense that if you DO study and give it 100%, the exams will appear very easy. They're worded exactly like the powerpoints. But if youre not a fan of studying, there's no way you could pass this class. I think 33% of the class got A's, while the other 40-50% failed. So it's easy if you study; impossible if you don't.,5.0,3.0
The internet class does not have a textbook. Basically, you have to study a powerpoint which is lecture notes. Her test are timed and given from 5:00 am to 11:00 am. I would not recommend this class to anyone. When I asked her about changing the time of the test because I work full-time five to six days a week she told me to drop the class.,2.0,5.0
very helpful,4.5,3.0
Super nice person. Very encouraging and always willing to help or answer questions. She gives great notes on pp.,5.0,3.0
Web course very easy! No book required and all test information is in red. Copy everything in red and study it you'll get an A. Test were very reasonable with ample time. I HIGHLY reccomend everyone take this class!!!,5.0,1.0
Very nice lady. Class content is interesting for a biology class, but the test are absolutely impossible, and if you do do bad, there is no way to recover from them. If you are a study freak go ahead, but this is no easy ''A''.,3.0,5.0
This class could have ruined my scholarship. Don't take her unless you are forced. Nice and encouraging lady...but if you fail one test, you basically have no chance. Good luck!,2.5,5.0
Very nice, and always willing to help. Really knows her stuff, and is enthusiastic about it. I love the encouraging emails she sends.,5.0,3.0
Amazing teacher! So friendly and helpful. I really enjoyed her lectures. Tests are difficult because some questions are worded almost identically...but if you study the powerpoints you will be perfectly fine. Would definately take her again!,5.0,4.0
Online class was pretty easy if you studied regularly. The final exam was basically your final grade so make sure you know your stuff. The final had 300 questions - very long. But I got an A & I learned alot. She was also very much available if you needed outside help.,5.0,1.0
very nice, very encouraging, and very helpful. She answered any and every email I sent to her, and would stay after class to answer questions. Her tests are extremely difficult, so you have to study hard and know those power points backwards and forwards. She will change one word on the test, so read every word of every question and answer!,5.0,5.0
I do not know why this professor gets such high ratings. She is a good lecturer, but she does everything she can to trick you on her tests.Although she sends you emails everyday telling you how great you are and how much she's thinking of you, don't be fooled. Just go ask her a question and she'll act like she's been put out.,2.0,5.0
helpless,1.5,5.0
She is an awesome teacher. Very energetic. Very helpful,5.0,4.0
What a teacher! Dempsey was so into helping the student out. She will do what ever she can to help you succeed. Test are kind of difficult so study and you will be fine.,4.5,4.0
Her test are straight forward, but good luck on the choose the correct answer, those wewre difficult as H#$%* she is very nice though.,4.0,5.0
I took her internet class. I'm telling you she is the nicest professor I've ever had. She is someone who truly cares about her students. There wasn't a text book and she used power point slides. I've been putting off science til my senior year, and i'm so glad I lucked into her class. Anyone who is needing a science without lab, take her. Grea,5.0,3.0
I took the web- based winter intersession Biological Perspective of Wellness, and it went pretty well. It's a whole lot of information crammed into a short period of time, but that's true for any intersession class. She TRULY cares about her students and is ALWAYS willing to go above and beyond.,5.0,4.0
I am a complete ditz when it comes to science, and she was the perfect professor to take such a broad survey class with. Her lectures run smoothly and seem to fly by. Her tests are really really difficult, though. I would study for days and still only get a low C. She's willing to help you if you need it, though. Her door is always open.,4.5,3.0
Very good teacher,4.0,2.0
i want to tell you never take a summer class with her unless you're a total bookworm who can study without the a teacher. very very hard during the interession, too much information crammed in, but if you can memorize and are able to study several hours per day on powerpoint notes, then i recommend, but otherwise you may not like it very much,1.0,5.0
I never liked science until her class. She was very helpful and I spent three hours studying before her test and aced all of them easily. If your stupid avoid her classes - if your average to smart you'll be just fine, as long as your willing to study. She's straightforward, no tricks.,5.0,1.0
She is an excellent professor. The only difficult part is that there is so much information to know, but she does a wonderful job at explaining the subject. She will do anything she can to help you if you ask for it. Very nice lady!!!,5.0,2.0
How could you not like Debby, she knows her stuff. Always helps you get your answers and makes sure you understand. She basicly wrote the course so if she says it then it is true. Great instructor,4.0,2.0
Dempsey is the best teacher! She's very nice, caring, very approachable, and will do her best to try and help you out!,4.5,2.0
Dempsey is amazing- she is passionate about teaching and loves her students. She even called every student in the class before the test to make sure they didnt have any questions. Her tests are a challenge but she is the kind of teacher that makes you want to do well.,5.0,3.0
She is so perfect for 8 a.m. She was not too peppy but just enthusiastic enough to keep me awake. She is very sweet and cares about her students alot. I liked the class and material, and made it to class pretty often but there is alot of material to only be covered on 50 question tests. Study, study, study!!,5.0,4.0
good teacher,3.0,3.0
Really sweet woman, explains things really well and her lectures are the easiest ever. If you have to take this class, take it with Debby. But make sure you really study hard for her tests!,5.0,4.0
It is true if you have to take Bio take her. You will regret it if you don't I know I took it once before with someone else and she is way better.,5.0,3.0
SHE WAS THE GREATEST EVER! SO TAKE HER IF U CAN!,5.0,1.0
Debby is awesome! She is very clear on what she expects of you. She has no attendance policy! And even if you dont like science she keeps you interested!,5.0,2.0
She is very helpful. In class, she'll break everything down to the basics. But her tests are hard.,4.5,3.0
I had her like 3 years ago so I don't know if things have changed, but the class was fun and interesting. 1st test was the hardest but she gives you plenty of extra credit opportunities.,5.0,3.0
Pretty much the greatest teacher Ive ever had...ever.,5.0,5.0
Pretty much my favorite professor ever. Hard class, but shes always willing to help out, and really makes class interesting. <3 Deb.,5.0,4.0
Yea... lemme guess you are thinking to your self.. wow this class is so freaking easy.. and then you get your first test back... haha not what you thought huh! Well she is a great teacher and she will do what she has to in order to get you throught it. She,5.0,3.0
She is awesome, just go to class and study your notes and an "A" is totally possible.,5.0,3.0
nice but tests are difficult,4.0,4.0
if you hate science, she breaks it down as best she can for you. The department makes her teach most of the topics in that class. So its not her, her test are decent. Just study.,5.0,2.0
awesome professor! very willing to help,4.5,3.0
Her class is hard but she is the best person in the world to teach it because she knows exactly how to structure things to help you learn and succeed. She's one of the best professors I've had so far.,5.0,5.0
She is awsome! She is amazing and I love this professor! I've only heard good things about her, the class is hard but she makes it easier to learn!,5.0,3.0
Fabulous, smart, friendly, and approachable. Her class is not easy but she will do anything that she can to help you get through it.,5.0,4.0
Absolutely Amazing!! She made this class so fun! She was so helpful and she tried to do all she could to help us!,5.0,3.0
she is absolutely the best instructor I've ever had. She calls each student before tests to see if they have any questions. She will go out of her way to help a student!,5.0,4.0
More than a teacher. She really does care!,5.0,4.0
She was a great teacher, I was glad to have her for biology since it's not one of my best subjects.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
One of my best professors. Very helpful with a difficult subject.,5.0,4.0
He was an amazing professor as long as you put effort into his class. He will acknowledge if you are trying (going to office hours, asking questions, trying before asking for help). It's a tough class but as long as you study and use your resources you will pass,4.0,4.0
He is highly rude, will make you feel dumb. Will make rude comments if you don't show up in person. Don't ask questions because he will get annoyed. Very hard grader. He would rather move through the notes faster than care about if the students understand what's going on or not. Won't compromise for student athletes for review sessions.,1.0,5.0
He marked my paper a 0/12 for something he never mentioned to have in the paper. His grading is ridiculous as he marks points off for very small things. Then also leaves minimal feedback on assignments thus alluding to no possible way to understand what is even incorrect.,1.0,5.0
Terrible, the worst professor I had at Kutztown. Do not take him for Lab, very hard grader and will get 5 points off your overall report grade if you forget something so little. DO NOT TAKE HIM,1.0,5.0
One of the hardest classes I have ever taken, studied my butt of for the exams but that wasn't good enough. Very hard grader with chem reports and notebook checks so make sure you have every little detail fully explained. Lecture was awful, I wish he would give me examples, too much for a person to remember for one exam.,2.0,5.0
Dr. Blanchard is one of the hardest professors Ive ever had. If youre a science major at kutztown steer clear of organic chemistry with Blanchard. He is more concerned with getting the notes done than making sure the students understand. He gets very annoyed with questions and turns to rude comments when too many questions are asked.,1.0,5.0
DO NOT TAKE HIM FOR ORGANIC CHEMISTRY!!! You will fail. I did all the homework and studied the test book and nothing helped my grade. He does not know how to explain things clearly and expects you to know it without him teaching it. He hates answering questions and is a rude person overall.,1.0,1.0
I had him for Organic I & II as well as Advanced Organic. The classes are hard, if you don't go to class, pay attention and ask him questions it makes the class that much harder. I was lucky enough to be able to do some volunteer research with him and he was extremely helpful. He always answered my questions about the research or class.,4.0,3.0
He is a great professor his analogies in class can be a little out there but if you fall behind he will catch you up to speed rather quickly if you just go to his office hours or put in any effort at all,5.0,4.0
Dr. Blanchard is a very smart man but not good at explaining anything at all. He is not specific and it's very irritating. His tests are super hard and he grades very hard,2.0,4.0
If you're going into his class expecting a helpful and friendly environment then you WILL be disappointed. He is rude to pretty much every student that dares ask him a question, and there's a descent amount since he just blows through content expecting everyone to just magically connect the dots to understand what he's trying to convey. Lab sucks,1.0,4.0
If struggling, read the textbook sections before lecture! I did this for Organic II and was able to get A's and B's on the exams! Do not take him for lab, he is a very tough grader. You have to put in the work to do well, always do the homework. The quizzes are extra credit. Do not skip lecture, if you skip you will not understand anything.,3.0,4.0
He is not very personable and makes organic even more painful to sit through. I also feel like he's not concerned with his students doing well. I'd recommend taking organic over the summer somewhere and avoiding him if possible.,2.0,4.0
Blanchard teaches in metaphors. weekly homework assignments. The tests are hard but if you read the book and study they are doable. Don't take him for lab. Feel free to ask questions during lecture if things are not clear. Sarcastic guy. Very smart.,3.0,4.0
Do not take him for lab. He grades it very harshly. Attendance is not mandatory but the lecture notes help more than the online textbook. There was 3 quizzes, usually on Fridays when people werent there for extra credit. He provides review sessions and sample tests.,3.5,2.0
Is unable to teach the subject, however is very knowledgeable in the field. Grades everything hard. Tries to trick students on tests and doesn't provide clear questions on lab reports.,2.0,5.0
DO NOT take him for lab. I learned the hard way. He grades labs very hard. He's good at explaining at most concepts. Though he does make you feel like you're stupid, when you ask him any question. Just remember...DO NOT take him for lab. You WILL regret it.,4.0,5.0
Prof. Blanchard has a substantial lack of clarity in communicating the course material. Powerpoint presentations are displayed at the speed of light with little clarification, and subsequent material is presented as if the student is an expert in the information that just whizzed by. Has difficulty projecting his voice beyond the first few rows.,2.0,4.0
He is very knowledgeable about Orgo but I feel like he makes everything harder than it needs to be. Don't have him for lab so don't know what hes like there. But for lecture he goes through the ppts really quickly so we end up having ridiculous amts of stuff on the exams. Quizzes are extra credit and attendance isn't mandatory.,3.5,5.0
He's ok. He definitely knows his stuff. Do not take him for lab, he grades harder than the other professors. He can make you feel like you stupid at times though.,4.0,5.0
It has been awhile since I had chemistry and had forgotten some of the general background information. I had gone to him for help and now he basically taunts me and treats me like I'm stupid and can't do anything right. He talks really fast and grades hard. I get good grades, but its a lot of work Keep in mind you'll have him for organic 1 and 2...,3.0,4.0
Organic is a hard subject and he is a decent lecturer. But that is his ONLY positive. He mocks or ridicules students when they are having trouble and is a terrible smartass. The amount of hours you have to put into lab work is absolutely RIDICULOUS, even compared to other advanced science courses.,2.5,5.0
Don't get intimidated by the bad ratings here. He's a great prof, but you have to realize this is not an easy subject. It takes time outside of class and personal responsibility to do well. If he sees that you're trying (and he will), he'll be glad to help. I'd bet my savings account that half the raters here never opened their books.,4.5,3.0
very good professor. slowed class down alot. easy to get if you go, pay attention, do the ace. write down what he does on the bored and study. do the extra credit. also great lab prof,4.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
He couldn't teach if his life depended on it. Boring. Dull.,1.5,5.0
I learn about his wife and his dog more than organic chemistry.He can do anything witout power-point slides.He does not a clue of knowlage about Organic chem.He always talk about his dogs.DONT TAKE HIS CLASS IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO HATE ORG.CHEM.,1.0,5.0
Hired haley for SI, who is utterly usless,1.5,5.0
was somewhat helpful, but when i went to get help about studying for the final he completely told me the opposite of what was on the final. his tests and grading are hard. overall, not the most pleasant experience i've had.,2.0,5.0
Not very helpful and he is unclear in his lecture. Seems to lose his patience a lot with students. He needs to be much more helpful to students with the very difficult course he is teaching. Tests are hard, just make sure to study at least a little every night and do your homework.,2.0,5.0
He is hard and confusing. Not at all helpful. He thinks he's a scientist.,1.5,5.0
Goes way too fast! Seems to expect you to know material before he lectures on it. Has trouble 'dumbing' things down when you ask questions and makes you feel stupid b/c you didn't get it the first time. Book is dry. Don't miss class. Join a study group, he's the only organic prof!,1.0,5.0
He's a good prof, definitely refreshing after Vitz. He doesn't talk in terms that go over your head, and he's really funny!,4.0,4.0
I didn't understand anything he said. made me feel like an idiot when came for extra help. If I had to hear about his MIT doctorate one more time...,1.0,4.0
This guy is so funny! Who is ever going to forget Jaque the French guy?! I hate Chemistry but he makes it fun and I understand it. He is very helpful at answering my questions and never seems to get irritated with me! Go Blanchard!,5.0,5.0
One of the best professors I've ever had. Not an easy class, but he does a good job at explaining the material. I left with a new found love of organic chemistry,5.0,4.0
Not good in lectures, goes far too fast!!!, the book sucks, info. is not made clear enough.,2.5,4.0
ALL HAIL THE KING OF ANALOGY! Possibly the best professor I've ever had. His classes were entertaining and informative. This man could teach pre-schoolers organic chemistry with his hands tied behind his back! (BUT tell him to get rid of the moustache),5.0,1.0
He is agood teacher but his tests are somewhat hard,4.5,4.0
he likes to teach and cares about trying to get the point across but his tests are very hard. he will help if you ask.,3.0,4.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
he cares about teaching but his tests suck and he is very hard. if u dont have to take the class DONT,2.0,5.0
Blanchard really cares about teaching and tries to make everything as clear as possible. keeps the class awake. hard tests,4.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
LIkes to fight fires!,4.0,3.0
This man really cares about teaching and will help anyway he can if you show some effort and give the class your time. There is a lot of work but, in the end it pays off with good grades on the tests.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
we like his cat,2.5,3.0
good course; thinks someondividuals have a "bad attitude",3.5,3.0
Dr. Betts was amazing, took his Intro to Forensics class in the Winter session of 2023 and to say the least this class was super interesting and fun. Did not take a lot of effort and Dr. Betts is very knowledgeable in this field. Take this class for an easy A,5.0,2.0
dr. betts really cares about his students. i had him online for intro to forensics and he would email you close to due dates to make sure you knew what was coming up. he would also send an email thanking you for submitting. he seemed overall very sweet and easygoing.,5.0,3.0
Betts is the best professor I have had here. He understands that not everyone is good at science and makes concepts easy to understand. You can tell that he is passionate about what he is teaching and he really cares about his students. Only a little homework, exams are easy if you look over your notes a little. Overall 12/10 class!,5.0,1.0
I wasnt sure about Dr. Betts at first, but he turned out to be one of my favorite professors. He can come off as a little rude or uncaring sometimes but if you work hard in his class he will respect you. His tests are just like the homework and practice problems he gives. His lectures are so fun and engaging. His class helped me the most post grad,5.0,3.0
One of the best professors that I have. He's such a genuine person who really cares about his students. In no way is his class easy but if you have any questions, he is more than willing to help. He makes a hard topic extremely interesting and I wish I could take more courses that he teaches. He also likes to juggle.,5.0,4.0
This professor is very entertaining so lectures are fun. Theres lots of homework/quizzes but he gives you 6 attempts to do them and theyre due before each exam so you have plenty of time. Exams are relatively easy as long as you study and do the quizzes.,5.0,1.0
Really interesting class and a fun guy - just very lecture heavy and if you skip class you won't pass. He posts slides online but going to class really helps. He also posts mini quizzes before the tests - TAKE THEM! The material is kind of hard to understand if you do not go. There is a book but you don't really need it if you go to class.,5.0,4.0
As an elective for most people, this class is unreasonably difficult. The only grades you get are 4 tests that the class averages a 75 on. So if you're looking to get a C in an elective, sign up for this class.,2.0,4.0
Awesome professor. Makes you work for it, but ultimately you are just working to learn the material for yourself. No a class that you can BS your way through. Would absolutely take again.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Betts is overall a good professor, but there is little things about him that are annoying. Such as being picky over lab reports and other grading materials. Also, he claims to be open to all questions but actually gets annoyed at you at times because he thinks you should know something you never used. Overall, a nice guy and wants you to learn.,4.0,3.0
Betts is a great guy. The material is not always interesting but his personality makes going to class worth it. You are only graded on 4 tests and the class average is usually a C so you definitely need to study. You dont need the textbook but it does help to study for the exams, so I would suggest getting it. Overall, a good guy and would take,5.0,3.0
Honestly my favorite professor here. Last day of class he did a juggling act just bc he wanted to entertain us. Tested money for cocaine residue. Watch CSI clips. Tells stories of crimes that relate to what the lecture is about. Attendence isn't mandatory, but it may boost your grade if you don't miss that many classes. 10/10 would take again.,5.0,2.0
HE IS AWESOME, I am taking his class now and he is a really nice guy who really knows his stuff. He kept class fun and entertaining. Even though it wasn't in my major I really enjoyed the class. I might take him again if I can. Bravo Professor Betts. I am taking his forensic science class and I am not sure the code,5.0,3.0
one of the most amazing and interesting courses and profs at kutztown. 10/10 recommend taking the course, go to class and you'll pass no problem.,5.0,2.0
Hands down the best professor I have ever had. While his material and exams are admittedly challenging, I am walking out of his two-part analytical course feeling as if I've known the material for years. Always willing to discuss anything, understanding of personal troubles, and all-around excellent - engaging, honest, and beyond helpful.,5.0,4.0
This was possibly the best professor I had in Kutztown University. He would sit down and explain anything you need help with a thousand times and never give up on you. He only had 4 exam grades. So pay attention and study! He really cares about your education and his lectures are so interesting!,5.0,3.0
He is an awesome professor and the sweetest guy. He understands if you're not a science major and makes things easy to understand. He does interactive stuff and makes lectures interesting. Attendance isn't mandatory, although he does take it every class, but being in class will help you understand the material. I would absolutely take him again!,5.0,2.0
Really sweet guy. Knows what he is talking about and is very willing to help. 4 Exams, Multiple choice. Tests aren't difficult but you do need to study if you want to pass. I think most people enjoy this class because he understands that not everyone is a science major, and doesn't expect a ton from his students.,4.0,3.0
Awesome professor. I definitely recommend this class if you're a CJ major. Lectures are interesting and he's great at engaging with the class. In order to pass you have to pay attention, take notes, and study but i highly recommend him. He's extremely helpful as well, will further explain things if you don't understand, and is readily available,5.0,4.0
I have taken a class with Dr. Betts before and it was a great class. He WAS a great professor. During this year there was an extremely noticeable change in his personality. He has become a negatively sarcastic individual who is extremely disrespectful of students. Want help? Get ready to have him treat you like an idiot and ridicule you.,4.0,4.0
Amazing professor. You won't want to miss class, because his classes are so engaging. One day we tested money for cocaine residue. Another day there was a fake murder set up. Would take class again.,5.0,2.0
He is very passionate about this class. The test are easy, but you have to actually do the homework and defiantly take his practice quizzes cause those are always questions on the exams. He also lets you retake one exam. Would recommend.,4.5,4.0
Dr. Betts is an extremely energetic and helpful professor. His class is interesting and the topics are too. The questions for the exams come straight from the optional quizzes and the HW from each chapter. Dr. Betts is one of the best professors I have taken.,5.0,1.0
Dr. Betts is the best prof. of chemistry I have ever taken.,5.0,2.0
Super helpful, really wants everyone to do well in class. have to go to class and have to study in order to get a decent grade.,4.5,3.0
Dr Betts is an amazing professor! He genuinely wants everyone to learn and will go out of his way to help you understand. He is also a very fair grader.,4.5,3.0
OMG take him! he's an excellent professor, and i wish Kutztown would hire more professors like him. He makes every subject interesting even if its boring, he would try to engage you in the topic. Attendance is not mandatory but he uses examples in class that will make you remember it for the exam,5.0,3.0
Excellent professor! Attendance was not mandatory, but I never skipped because I loved his class. He clearly loves his job. Friendly and fair. I HIGHLY recommend taking him. You will not regret it.,5.0,3.0
He is an amazing prof but my opinion always changes from hating to loving him. He is really helpful if you don't understand something, but he tends to be anal about certain things. If you take analytical be sure you are prepared because it has 2 3-hour labs a week. If you have to take analytical you should take it with him.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Betts is great. If you can take one of his classes, do so. He made a sometimes boring subject fun and interesting, and you will learn a lot from forensics. Exams are not overly difficult and the class is organized very well. I wish all professors at Kutztown were this quality of teachers,5.0,3.0
amazing prof. difficult class but teaches amazing. do the homework youll do fine on test,4.5,4.0
GREAT teacher!! makes classes so interesting & you really want to go! I took him for forensics & which there was another class like that i could take him for. :) A++,4.0,1.0
He will teach things that are complicated and make them easy to understand. If the opportunity arises have him for lab!,5.0,3.0
If you like CSI take this class. extremely interesting! Betts is a great professor. He is really nice, clearly explains the material, and tests aren't bad at all if you show up to class!,4.5,2.0
Professor Betts is one of the best teachers I've ever had. He clearly explains everything. He is very hands on, gives a lot of examples, and he makes the class fun and interesting.,4.5,2.0
great guy!,5.0,2.0
Extreamly easy class. Slept through most and still got a C. Class helps fill gen eds with good grades and is very fair in grading.,4.0,2.0
Betts was a very cool guy! He was so passionate about what he taught it made you listen. He is also very cool about letting students make up tests if you miss them. If you print out the slides he uses and study those its an easy B at least.,5.0,2.0
Love this professor. Dr. Betts has increased my passion for chemistry. Can't wait to take you again next semester.,5.0,4.0
The class was a little hard for me because I never took Chem before, but he broke everything down, so it wasn't too bad. He also sets up crime scenes in class to help bring his points to life. He's funny, and willing to help with anything you need help with. He's very personable.,5.0,3.0
best professor ever!,5.0,4.0
Dr. Betts is one of my top coolest profs here at KU. Helps you until he is blue in the face. Funny and very personable. rock on Betts,5.0,2.0
My college experience wouldn't have been the same without Tom Betts! Teaches you that there is a real world outside of the University, and builds the students' passion for chemistry!,5.0,1.0
He still comes up to me and talks to me, and remembers my name after I graduated.....One of the Best professors on campus....Everyone should take Chem.,5.0,1.0
Great professor. Makes sure that the whole class understands the stuff. Makes the class very interesting. + dresses good ;),5.0,1.0
hottest prof on campus! brings a smile to my face every time he walks by.,5.0,1.0
very awesome teacher. likes to get to know students on personal level. cares about what happens to you. class was fun, and interesting. easy as long as you do the work,5.0,1.0
great class...interesting...uses powerpoint slides with good pictures...very nice man...highly reccomend Betts for Forensic Chem,5.0,3.0
He excepts everyone to already know what they are talking and learning about. He's a Nice guy but doesn't explain things very clearly.,2.0,5.0
Took Dr Vits back in the early 90's. Yeah, he's tough, but basic chem is a rite of passage for so many majors and it isn't meant to be easy. I thought "ah, I'll never use it anyway". well guess what kiddos...30 years later I'm working on some of the biggest chemical superfund sites for the government and glad that Ed, er, Dr. Vitz, wasn't easy.,4.0,4.0
Dr Vitz is very wise. He knows his stuff and wants to share it with students. That being said if you are not into chem you will have a rough time. Labs are easy but material is hard if you dont get it prior to lab. lab reports are graded hard...you need to put alot of time into them. Wants you to do well and will help but grading is vry rough.,4.0,5.0
I have him for lab. He is an extremely nice guy reminds me of a grandfather and is more than willing to help after class. He also gives feedback on reports. However, he is a VERY hard grader. He is a very brilliant guy but half of the time I don't understand what he's even talking about.,2.0,5.0
Worst professor I ever had here at KU. I took chem in high school and got an A in it there and then I took it here and got a C. We covered the same exact materials. His labs aren't too hard and you usually finish early, but he can't teach. Makes everything more confusing then it should/already is.,1.0,5.0
very nice even though he talks in a circle sometimes. very helpful. have d2l assignments that count for a test grade. tests are from the d2l quizzes and lab. I would take him again, his a good teacher, very knowledgable,5.0,2.0
Professor Vitz can be very helpful if you ask him a specific question. He counts a large part of your grade to the quizzes taken on D2L but you can take them as many times as needed to get 100%. Overall I would recommend him.,3.0,4.0
Probably one of the nicest guys Ihave ever met and is always willing and help. BUT you can't understand him, you ask him one question and he answers you with something else or another question! His notes are a mess, and if you can't understand him in class, which is almost a definite, you won't understand his book..which is online, and he wrote it.,1.5,5.0
This is the only review i have ever made on here, so listen up... Dr Vitz is terrible. He is a great guy, he's nice, he will go out of his way to help you or hold a make-up lab. But all of that is wasted due to his lack of teaching ability. He is by far the worst professor, teacher, or educator that i have ever had in my life.,1.5,5.0
Absolutely the worst professor I have ever had in my life. He gave really clear details on his grading system but completely deviated from them. He did not clarify anything he was teaching. We didn't have a book, it was online reading written by him. He is too smart and cannot simplify material for non-chem inclined students. I would avoid him.,1.0,5.0
I'm in his lab right now, and honestly I get too distracted by all of his ramblings and online stuff that I really don't pick up much information. His online book, and quizzes had errors, and when I went to him for help privately he helped a little but then I failed it anyway, and then he tells me I did not ask good enough questions at his office.,1.5,5.0
do not take vitz if you dont have to. not only is everything online, but it seems like he knows so much, we have to know it all too. over all he just cant teach a basic intro level course. instead take mayerhofer for genchem 1 and 2. he can teach.,2.0,4.0
He is the worst prof I have ever had!!!!! Please DO NOT TAKE HIM!!!! He had no book but a website that was always incorrect or it wouldn't let you in. The only thing this class is about is math, and he doesn't explain anything and when he does you are still confused. He is HORRIBLE!!!!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,3.0,5.0
He is the most ignorant prof i have ever met in the chem department....he does not care to help people unless he happens to be in a very good mood...he needs to stop teaching and do something else...I DO NOT recommend him!,1.0,5.0
dont take him unless you have to, majority of class fails his tests, he redoes tests and finds mistakes that he has made and then takes your score away if you get that problem wrong! some people had low 60's and when he did that they ended up failing the test after they thought they had passed. real let down, its a shame, like he doesnt care!,2.5,4.0
He's a really smart man and he's very nice, but it doesn't say much of him as a professor when most of the class fails the exams. Then again the course is really hard too. I wouldn't take him unless you're in an upper level course. I think he'd be a lot more helpful. than a general class,1.5,5.0
His classes are extremely difficult. He is willing to help, but in class and one on one, he is very unclear in everything. He assumes you have a PHD in everything and understand everything that he says. I took a gen chem class and got a D. I took it with another professor and got an A. Would try to avoid his classes.,1.5,5.0
very nice man. not such a great prof. means well, but doesn't explain things at all. most of lecture was setting things on fire. taking notes is useless bc he puts the powerpoints on blackboard anyway. make sure you read the text, it's your only chance at passing. exams are very difficult, hard to comprehend... i don't reccommend him at all.,2.0,4.0
Dr. Vitz is the only prof I've had here in 3 1/2 years who was actually a teacher. His lecture supplements the book instead of going word for word. So if you're not planning on doing a little work on your own you'll probably be lost like the rest of these people. Labs are kinda fun and he sets a lot of stuff on fire. Slackers beware...,4.0,3.0
I have intro to chem and everyone is like what is going on. He is horrible. What he says and what the book says are two different things. I do not recommend him. I thought Chem would be interesting but this guy makes it horrible. His tests are hard and he makes no sense.,1.5,5.0
Wow. He's a nice guy... but not so nice as a professor!! I have no clue what he's talking about in lecture!! He doesn't go over the basic stuff... this is only introductory chemistry!! And i'm SO lost!! He doesn't make sense half the time... and i'm not the only one who feels that way 'cause the girl next to me said the same thing. i'm worried...,1.5,5.0
Very confusing, tests are horrible, way to much work for one class! Tests, in class quizes, lab quizez (pre and post), lab reports, online homework. . . ugh. Very nice man. . . way to difficult as a prof. He should be teaching advanced Chem. . not Chem I and II,1.5,5.0
Vitz can be confusing and hard to follow, but it's not an easy class. Tutors are available and if you take the time to learn read the chapters you can do fine. He's a very fair grader and a nice man, though the tests can be kill (put work into labs, you'll need the point). He makes sure his class sets the pace for higher level chem.,2.5,4.0
he does not teach the basics,1.0,5.0
Very confusing, not clear, he is willing to help you but you only get more confused by his explaination. I had to do all the problems in the text to basically teach myself chem before every test and quiz. Avoid if possible. The only positive is he excepts almost anything as extra credit. So my suggestion is to do problems in text for extra credit.,3.0,4.0
Dr. Vitz is a very smart man. He expects his students to do their work and ask questions. If everyone had such a hard time maybe a tutor was necessary, they were available.,4.5,4.0
He was not clear at all. He ran straight through the material without any clarity. The way I learn was reading the textbook on my own.,1.0,1.0
no clarity. I got through the class by reading the book. I didn't understand a word he said,1.5,3.0
he flies right through the material, and doesn't explain anything,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
Dr. Vitz, he is a very nice guy. Although he just can't teach...some people are nice and can't teach he is one of those people.,2.0,4.0
All I have to say is Bleiben!!!,1.0,5.0
this teacher ****in sucks get out why you still feel like you know something,1.0,5.0
Worst. Teacher. Ever. He goes off on tangents every other minute and I'll be damned if I know what it has to do with chemistry. If you study the book, do the homework assignments, and completely ignore him in class, you can do just fine. (I went to lecture three times so far and got a 100% on the first test) I'm not sure what he's teaching, but it's not chemistry.,1.0,4.0
since im a chem major i know most of it already but he goes really fast and sometimes doesnt cover most of notes on the slides ahhh,3.0,3.0
He Will take the extra time to help you. or if you have a problem he will try to accomidate you. But his lectures don't make sense. You do most of your learning in labs from your lab instructors who are more than willing to clarify his lectures.,3.0,5.0
Easy, class becomes a way of life.,5.0,1.0
Be prepared to work your butt off in this class. He gives a lot of examples, but doesn't really explain then. He does answer any questions that you have, but he sometimes confuses you even more. I'd ask him during lab if you get a chance, he seems to explain better then.,3.0,4.0
You can be a super nice guy and a genius but you can't help students if you can't relate to them Even profs in his own department agree he's unclear and out of touch,and a FEW good ratings don't change that.He gets low ratings because he's an ineffective teacher,toughness has nothing to do with it.,1.5,4.0
I like the bib thing:-),5.0,3.0
Both courses are rigourous, and he teaches them as best he can. If you're prepared to work hard and try to understand the material, then you stand a chance.,3.5,3.0
He is impossable, Take Chem. somewhere else and transfer the credits in. He is confusing, talks fast and if you ask a question, his answere confueses you more then you were before.,1.0,5.0
Dr. Vitz is a super nice guy. Really. But don't let that fool you into thinking you don't have to work your butt off for the class. DO THE ONLINE HOMEWORK, and every other assignment before each class and you might understand him during lecture.,4.0,3.0
,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
This was a good class. I thought it would be tough, but it wasn't. Just take notes, ask questions and study.,5.0,2.0
This guy is a joke. Does he think he is teaching people with his knowledge and experience... cuz it sure as hell seems that way... he doesnt help u with****... if u dont know it... good luck getting help...i couldnt get a tutor either. Dont bother taking this. waste of time and money! I FAILED TOO,1.0,5.0
Oh my god! What the hell was he thinking? He is on a level way above the students and he needs to come back down to our level. Half the people in his class flunk, including me! He goes too fast and does not explain things. You're better off learning chemistry on your own!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Kill me. I failed and now I have to take more courses next semester to make up for losing credits for failing his class. You can't understand him and sometimes the powerpoint information is done wrong and he knows it. He studders and skips through the slides so you can not take notes. Do Not Take!!!,1.0,5.0
he is a horrible teacher and doesnt want to help you with anything. do anything not to have him as a teacher! he has this beard that u just want him to shave so u can actually see his face and hear what he is saying.,1.0,5.0
He has a really great beard, but you are doomed to fail Ha HA HA!,1.0,5.0
Obviously bright, but can't relate to humans. He was not very helpful; it seemed as though he could only explain things in math. I went for tutoring and worked with the text, but still had trouble; retook it with another prof and got an A. Means well, but wouldn't recommend.,2.0,5.0
He blows, he really needs to live in the mountains and blow stuff up on his lonesome. He should not however be teaching Chem maybe quantom phisics where peolpe could understand him. When ever u see him say "Peace V-DOG" He really likes that. AFter doing the PRS it is recomended to leave the class.,1.0,5.0
He should not be teaching people who spend some good money for a good education.,1.0,5.0
Looks like Spock w/ a beard. If you have some familiarity with chm already & if you read the book, marginal attention will suffice in lecture. Electronic homework is obnoxious, but also useful in learning the material. You'll learn more outside of his class than in (as he said). <b>Bad</b> lecturer.,2.5,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Wow, i learn nothing in his class. Thank god i had good teachers in highschool... contradicts himself when teaching, stutters, mumbles and skips through notes on powerpoints that we need to know for tests.,1.0,4.0
he contradicts himself when teaching which is very confusing,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
Trust me...Take the D and RUN, very very fast and far..don't go to class, have someone else sign you in, its not like those points matter much anyway cause your bound to fail those tests. However, when I did go he was good for blowing stuff up.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
good guy who is incredibly intelligent in chemistry. do some work and his class isnt difficult.,4.5,3.0
Hard. tests are hard and mumbles. Learned more from reading the book. Takes attendence so you have to show up. Fell asleep 1/2 the time.,3.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,5.0
very sexy,4.5,3.0
He's too smart for his own good. The school only has him for his research and money that he brings in from it. He made me hate chemistry, and put me behind in courses cause I had to retake it. Dropped the GPA too!!,1.5,5.0
If this man would MUMBLE any more!!!!! Hard to understand... i agree w/ everyone else... THIS MAN WILL RUIN YOUR GPA!,1.0,5.0
he is by far the most terrible teacher on the face of the planet and needs to be locked in a basement where he has no way of coming in contact w/ another student ever again.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
Vitz is a crazy guy, but you gotta love him. I admit his class is hard and you have to know what you're doing. He is willing to help you fully understand if you ask.,3.0,3.0
Totally effin' crazy. Don't do it, people!,1.5,5.0
I got an A, so what's the problem? Just do the work and you'll be fine (if you're smart that is).,4.5,5.0
very hard. kinda weird.,1.0,5.0
whoa...HARD! ruined my gpa. keep all your test grades becasue he will try to cheat you! i recommend getting out while you still can. test are WAY too hard for an intro class.,3.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
coolest and smartest man alive!,5.0,2.0
very very hard prof, yet cool guy,3.0,5.0
sexiest man alive and most confusing man alive. made me dispise power point,1.0,5.0
loves power point and confusing students,2.0,4.0
Dr. Rains is one of the most inspirational professors I have ever had. He encourages you to think outside of the box which is something I dont have in a lot of classes. Hes a very sweet man and I have taken him twice so far. Anyone who left bad reviews didnt try to think as abstractly as Dr. Rains does and didnt appreciate his way of thinking.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Rains is very knowledgable. This class is discussion based upon a music theory book... I hated this class because to me, it had NOTHING to do with psychology. I have no music background and no interest in it. You have to lead class 2 times, 2 tests, cumulative final, 2 papers based upon classical music. I would take someone else for senior sem.,3.0,3.0
His class can be overall frustrating as he uses no powerpoints and reads off of a paper. Classes are based on discussion and he assigns 10 books to read with only 3 exams (midterm, last test and final) final is cumulative. Did not read one of the books and got b's on his exam as he discusses it in class. He's a caring professor and knows his stuff,3.0,3.0
Dr. Rains is an awesome professor. I am going to miss him. He is detailed/clear with the work he expects and presents. Dr. Rains has a radical way of thinking and processing information. He does not think in a fixed manner which is a blessing considering some of the professors I have encountered. If you can take a class with Dr. Rains, take it!!!!!,5.0,3.0
Dr. Rains is hands down my favorite professor for pyschology I had. He has a fake eye which can be distracting but give him a chance. He's really inspirational and intelligent. He assigns a lot of books but if you come to class you can get away with not reading. Participate in the discussions. I'm taking him again. Had him for psych of personality,5.0,3.0
LOTS of reading and classes are kind of boring but he definitely knows what he's talking about. Does take attendance which is worth 15% of your grade but you're allowed to miss 6 classes without penalty. Anymore and you lose points. You have to lead a discussion but it's not too bad. Overall a good professor.,4.0,3.0
His classes are heavily discussion-based. You will lead one class discussion, which isn't hard. Reading the textbooks are a must, but he always holds review sessions before each exam so you know what's on the test. He takes attendance. He is also very inspirational to every psych major -- a revered man in the field of psychology.,3.0,4.0
This class has a lot of assigned reading (of SIX books you have to purchase) and a lot of open discussion. Can be a bore, but if you perk up and pay attention and read like 50% of the material you can pull a B. Attendance also boosts your grade but it's hard to stay interested in this class. If you're an abstract thinker you'll like this class.,4.0,3.0
grades are only based on attendance &2 tests, he expects you to read upwards of 6 books over the course of the semester &his lectures are boring&confusing. he's a nice guy but his class was unnecessarily hard,1.5,5.0
Unless you want to buy 4-8 books per class, read them and realize that noone else has read them and that Rains does not even directly test upon the readings, then take him. He's a sweet old man but he's so vague, and I learned nothing about Psych of Personality from him. If you want an easy A, go for it but you won't learn anything from him.,2.5,2.0
His lectures are a little boring, but overall he is straightforward and a good professor.,4.5,3.0
Prof. Rains is a genuinely nice person who cares alot about what he teaches. Sometimes he has a hard time gathering all of his thoughts to explain them, but he knows very well his subject and will explain anything as many times as you want. Tests are easy if you pay attention and study. I hear he isnt good for senior sem., though, I'm in abnormal.,4.5,2.0
Prof Rains is such a nice guy, you can talk about anything is class and he respects you. Yeah you have to read for his class, which is reasonable, duh its college. Tests arent the easiest but they are fair. His sr sem. class made me appreciate him a lot more than when i had him for physiological psych. He is very smart and kind!!!,4.5,3.0
Dr. Rains is fun! I'm really enjoying this class. Go ahead, take him. *thumbs up*,5.0,2.0
What a joke. He didn't even teach, he had the students run the discussions. In his intro to the course, he told us "We're not going to spend time on some topics. Here they are, let's discuss them." What a quack.,1.5,4.0
Pretty much, this class is like a book club. You read what you need to and then come in and talk about the psychology/philosophy behind it. It looks like a lot of reading, but it really isn't because the books are really awesome to read. (Hard to believe, huh?) The talking about the book is easy because it goes beyond the book and into real life.,4.0,2.0
has a socratic method of teaching. he wants you to talk and help to facilitate the learning of the entire class, himself included. If you have a class full of people with social phobia it can be painful, but if people are willing to talk it is enlightening. There is a large reading load for some classes.,4.0,2.0
Dr. Rains is a very knowledgable professor who cares about his students and loves his job. He is always asking the students for feedback and looking for ways to improve the class. The people who give him bad ratings are simply too lazy to do the readings and probably shouldn't be in college anyway.,4.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
One of the best profs I ever had! He really knows the material. He teaches you to THINK! I would take a class with him again in a heartbeat.,4.5,4.0
very nice, easygoing man. lecture is very boring and discussion is very stressful because no one responds. expects you to read 4 books, which may or may not have to deal with the curriculum. daily textbook readings are very long. exams are very hard, uses double negatives very often, so watch out !! i don't reccommend him as a prof.,2.0,4.0
He is a good professor and he knows the material but the exams are hard. You have to read all these books. Its like 6 books you have to read. I wanted to fall asleep every class. I would not reccommend him at all. I didnt do good on none of the tests. Im taking the class over with another professor.,3.0,4.0
This class is horrible. You have to read read read and all you do is sit around in a circle while he either rambles on about nothing or he asks discussion questions to which no one responds so we all just sit there in silence. He change the syllabus more than halfway through the semester and he never talks about what's on the tests in class.,3.0,2.0
Dr. Rains is a good teacher but Sitting in a circle and waiting for somebody to speak can be a quite intense situation for anybody (Especially when you don't know what to say). The readings are NOT that bad, just a little boring. Quizzes usually every day to see if you have read the assigned material.,4.0,2.0
He is a nice guy who likes to give hard tests. You need to read all the material because thats what he teaches from. You learn from the book and he adds his opinion to it. READ the books for his tests!!!,2.5,5.0
if you enjoy reding 13 books and trying to learn them yourself go for it...he doesnt take into consideration that students take other courses besides his!! teaches like we are already psycologists..hard to understand and boring. does not help to pass his tests..good luck if you have him, you'll need it.,1.0,4.0
lots of reading, he is very hard to pay attention to bc it is hard to know what he is talking about,he expects you to understand every word of what you read.There is not enough review for the exams, and the way he words things is really difficult.,2.5,4.0
His lectures are easy to follow but didn't prepare you to take the test at all! You have to buy 13 books. The tests covered only a few topics that we discussed in lectures and the books are hard to understand. He expects you to totally understand every word of every book. It's insane!,1.5,4.0
You'll read about 800 books (well maybe just 12) and then have a quiz and long drawn-out discussions. Books are confusing, some are interesting though. Prof is strange, but seems to really know his stuff.,2.0,3.0
He is great, he allows you to be flexible and work more independently than other professors.,3.5,3.0
Very interesting and different,4.0,2.0
very interesting and nice to listen to, though sometimes difficult to know what he's thinking or what he is actually asking in discussion. the readings are always interesting to but volumous.,3.0,3.0
Fun class with easy tests and quizzes. Lots and lots of reading though, but you get to learn directly from writings of the great psychologists. Class discussions usually didn't go anywhere, but that was really the fault of the students.,4.0,3.0
Nice guy, I suppose, but I wouldn't take him again. He required 5 textbooks for the class and lots of outside reading, without enough in-class discussion. It was nice of him to start giving extra credit quizzes for those of us that continued to attend.,3.0,4.0
Alright if you like to read about 10 books (or parts of the ten books).. and the discussions made class fly by... and you had to lead one discussion.,4.5,2.0
Awesome Prof! Very cool and easy to understand! Makes class very fun!,5.0,1.0
take him for senior sem,3.0,3.0
nice, and makes discussions interesting.,4.5,3.0
very confusing with an easy topic,2.0,3.0
The class requires a lot of studying. It is a ton of information. So if you're willing to put the work in, you'll get at least a B. She is a tough test maker.,3.0,4.0
Dr. Zayaitz is the best professor, by far, I have had at Kutztown. I took her class at 8 AM and never once wanted to sleep in. The class focues on extremely relevant and interesting aspects of Biology and Society. I learned so much. Her tests are not easy, but if you attend class and know the material in and out, you will get at least a B.,5.0,3.0
Love her. Her way of teaching just draws you in. The class is very intersting and you learn ALOt! I highly recommend her!,5.0,1.0
very interesting class, however her test can be kinda hard at times. she is a fair graded though, and if you ask questions she will help. it is not a easy A but if you work hard and STUDY you can get a B+. i thought sometimes she could be a little stuck up but overall all good class, challenging tests.,3.5,3.0
Very nice woman, however, tests are strangely worded. And 75% of your grade is just tests. Remember that law she explained for 2 minutes and you didn't get the chance to write down? It's on the test. Interesting class, hard to ace though.,5.0,3.0
Great Professor!! Make sure you take notes, and read the book, everything she gives you including handouts and guest speakers are on the tests. Very helpful and will give you tips on how to study for her tests if you meet in her office! Fun Class, hard but fun!! I would take her for another class any day!!,5.0,4.0
She explains the material very well, loves answering questions, and is just all around friendly. The tests go fairly in-depth but they're entirely from lecture so good notes will net you an easy A.,5.0,2.0
was very hard. expects you to know EVERYTHING. doesnt really have any suggestions for studying except to study everything and think of questions that could be asked. but was very helpful with questions about the material,4.0,5.0
Delightful!,5.0,4.0
Lots of info, and its all on the tests, which are almost all fill in the blank. Exams are challenging though,4.5,5.0
Great professor. Make sure you get on her good side. He tests can be difficult, just make sure you study and KNOW EVERYTHING! No lie. Just do you work thougholgy and you will be fine.,4.0,3.0
Tests are incredibly easy if you study. You don't need the book. Just take notes and keep handouts. The project was pretty easy as well. Great prof and a great class. There's always discussion going on. She tends to favor the ladies though...,4.5,1.0
Dr. Zayaitz is without question to best professor that I've had. I look forward to waking up at 9:30 to go to her class. It is a helpful class that is ACTUALLY useful in everyday life (hence the name bio and society)...but it is an easy class to sit thru. Tests aren't hard if you show up in class & take notes. Would recommend her for ANYONE!!!!,5.0,2.0
Very nice teacher but tests are ultimatly impossible.,3.0,3.0
Dr. Zayaitz is the best Bio teacher! She makes biology so interersting! The time flies in her class. Her tests are mainly from her notes and handouts. If you go to class and study, you will do fine!,5.0,2.0
she is a great teacher. she makes material clear and only tests on her notes even though she says she tests from the book. her tests can be hard, but as long as you show up to class, listen, and take notes you should do fine. some tests and a pretty easy project are all she uses for a grade. i love her and her class! definitely take her,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
I had her for lab and lecture over the summer and it was awesome! I was not looking forward to it at all, but she made class so interesting and made me want to learn. She was one of if not the BEST prof I ever had... take her if you get the chance. Her tests can be tricky, but study and you'll do fine. I definately reccommend her!,5.0,3.0
VERY HARD. nice woman, but extremely hard and expects way too much from you.,4.0,5.0
Her lectures are so clear, easily understood, and well organized. She is so helpful and answers all your questions. She genuinly cares about her students! She is an awesome advisor too. I couldn't be more lucky! LOVE YA DR. ZAYAITZ!,5.0,5.0
I love her class. its very easy and she is really helpful. such a sweet lady!,5.0,1.0
She cool as ever. Sometimes she can be weird but besides that I would take especially for University Studies because there's not tests or quizzes but weekly writing assignments which are easy. She also offers to take you out to eat if you want. SHe is like aaway from home mother!,5.0,1.0
Wicked awsome prof. She definatly knows her sh*t and wants you to know it as well. You will never learn so much in a course her at KU than one you will take with Dr. Z. She is a very sweet woman and wants everyone to do well and will help you out with anything. Tough but worth it.,5.0,3.0
a great class if you take her for both the lab and lecture portion, you will learn a great deal more and it will reflect in your grade if you attend every class... i toked and actually enjoyed going to this class,5.0,2.0
Likes to challenge you...KNOW EVERYTHING...,4.0,5.0
She was great.,5.0,2.0
Hard as he** but she is extremely understanding and will do anything to help you out.,4.5,5.0
very hard, but fair. great to talk to about anything.,4.5,3.0
Dr. Z is the best prof here. She is patient and understanding to everyone, and tries to work with everyone. Tough prof but I learned more in mocro than anywhere else!,5.0,3.0
No matter what a guy in her class does he will not get an A, they are reserved for the females. Although a very effective, if extremly difficult professor, she is still a **** to try to deal with.,3.0,5.0
She still thinks i'm a slacker no matter what I do!,4.0,5.0
very helpful but hard for lecture!,5.0,4.0
one of the best teachers at KU,4.0,3.0
great teacher, little tough, but very helpful and gives alot of great info.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
she is the best teacher on the campus, read your notes!!!,5.0,4.0
Towne is obviously very passionate about biology, which makes the class much more interesting. Attendance is mandatory, and he makes a point to tell you if you don't go to class, you will not do as well. Although he posts the powerpoints, he explains things in class that are not on them. The class is challenging, but not impossible to pass.,5.0,3.0
Every week he gives one or two online homework assignments that are very simple, they let you keep trying until you get 100%. He puts the power points from class online and as long as you read them you will do well, but make sure you go to class because he will mention things that aren't on the slides. Very easy, and he's super nice and patient.,5.0,2.0
Very clear; cares about students understanding the material. If you're lazy, you're going to have a hard time.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Towne was excellent in Principles of Biology. He expects that you learn and understand the material, but it's really not that bad if you have a real interest in biology. Tests are very thorough. I wrote down practically every word he said and there were still a couple that seemed to come out of nowhere. Great lab proctor as well.,4.0,4.0
Dr. Towne (despite what other people have posted about his easiness) is a great professor and is very devoted to his classes. Principles of Biology was a piece of cake with him. He's extremely helpful and even handed out extra credit. Take good notes, show up to class, and do the occasional homework assignment, and you'll have an easy A.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Towne is a very good professor, however some times his lectures are hard to follow if biology is not your strong point. He is very willing to help his students to do well. I went to him a lot through-out the semester and he helped me so much.,3.0,3.0
This class will be a challenge, more so if you do not have a study technique. The amount of content you need to know is a lot, so understanding is key to memorizing what you need to know. The book and online tools really help so utilize them! He's an amazing teacher who's very eager to help students any way he can. I'd definitely take him again!,5.0,4.0
Took him fall 2014 semester. You'll need to study and read much more than in other classes. In order to do well on his tests, you'll need to know the concepts inside and out, a basic understanding of the material on tests will get you no higher than a C- ( so if you're confused on something get help or be prepared to earn some disappointing grades),3.5,5.0
He's a great professor but he is sometimes unclear on the point he is trying to get across. He's a hard grader. The tests killed that class for me. I did well in lab, the quizzes in class, and the homework, but I could NOT take the tests to save my grade. The studying saved my grade.,4.0,4.0
So awesome. Learned so much. So respectful even when you disagree.,5.0,4.0
A great prof in lecture, but very unhelpful in lab. Test material is straight from lecture. Expects you to already know exactly what to do in lab despite being a STUDENT. He's overall a nice, funny guy but I'm glad I won't have to take another course with him. Like I said, thumbs up for lecture, thumbs down for lab.,3.0,4.0
Biology. Dr. Towne makes it enjoyable. Yes, his tests are hard and lengthy, but they should be. This course is for science majors only, and it is meant to be a challenge as compared to BIO 10. He lays everything out at the start of the course, and if you go to his office hours, he will do everything that he can to help you. Great guy.,5.0,4.0
I took him for genetics lecture and lab and also had him for environmental biology lab. He is a very difficult teacher. He will rip your papers apart. I would not recommend taking him if you can avoid it.,2.5,5.0
His tests are really hard. But he's a really good teacher.,4.5,3.0
Intelligent guy but very anal with grading & with writing. I understand he wants his students to do well but he looks down on you a lot. I did decent in the class but every student learns differently. I would not want to take a course with him again, ever.,1.0,5.0
Genetics is tough stuff, and while Dr. Towne has a bit of a stutter, he gets points across very well. You will ABSOLUTELY NEED to study outside of class, but he genuinely wants his students to succeed. Given the choice for lab instructors, take it with Towne. I made the mistake of taking lab with another professor and she did a poor job.,4.5,3.0
Worked so hard for him. He is a great teacher, but very tough. Hsd trouble getting some help...a required course for me...but rough. Nice man...glad it is over. He talked more of Moravian than of Kutztown.,4.0,4.0
Dr. Towne is a great prof. always helpful, but is a very tough grader.,4.5,4.0
Dr. Towne is a helpful and a dynamic professor. He makes a 100 level bio class fascinating and he is chalk-full of relevant material to even the non-bio major. People complain that grading is difficult and sometimes overly harsh - not the case at all! He simply is one of the few professers at Kutztown that doesn't stoop to inflating his grades.,4.5,3.0
Kind of a hardass with grading. Consistently results in at least half the class scoring under 75%, yet Towne always puts it on the students. No review sheets to speak of. Very knowledgeable, but not great at making sure his students succeed.,2.5,5.0
Likes to get caught up in the details which takes away from clarity,3.5,4.0
He was an okay prof. I thought he could have been more helpful in lab. He is very nice though.,4.5,4.0
Best teacher i have had yet. He was my Bio teacher my first year here at KU and he Taught me stuff that i Still am able to use today especially when it comes to studying. HE IS THE MAN!,5.0,4.0
Best biology professor at KU. I've taken every class he's taught and I wish he taught more. Go to class, read the assigned chapters, and take good notes and you'll be fine.,5.0,4.0
Great prof. My favorite class,5.0,4.0
Professor Towne knows his stuff, but he's HORRIBLE when it comes to talking to the students. He say's one thing and does another. I'm not doing too bad in his class but being a bio major, I would like to be doing better.,2.0,5.0
THIS GUY IS AESOME!!! TAKE HIM!!! ONE OF THE BEST PROF> EVER...HE KNOWS SO MUCH AND HE MEMORIZES EVERYONES NAME WHICH I RESPECT ALOT!!,5.0,4.0
Whomever says Prof. Towne is not a good teacher is a biology failure and a fool to boot. He's hard, but unbelievably knowledgeable, and a great help to if you take the time to go to class, ask questions, and attend the review sessions. I put a lot of work into the course but it will give you an A, this is college, expect the work esp if a Bio major,4.5,2.0
Genetics is a hard class. For the multiple choice on tests, rely on your notes. Tape the class cuz there are some things you might think are useless that are on the test. Doesn't seem to understand student questions though, so for ease go to your lab inst, or a tutor. Not my kind of teacher, but alot of people like him. :),3.0,4.0
his class was a difficult introductory class but I learned alot from it. Read the book prior to and after lecture and then rewrite and MEMORIZE your notes for tests. study at least 1 week before each test and you will be fine. he is very passionate about what he does and is very helpful if you go to him and ask for help one on one.,4.5,4.0
Horrible. Probably the worst class I have ever taken. I wanted to be a marine science major but after listening to this man drone on and on about biology**** it wasn't worth it. You could NEVER understand what he was trying to explain and he'd digress so much it was too confusing. Your grade is all TESTS which are ridic hard to pass. DO NOT TAKE!!,1.5,4.0
Dr.Towne is the nicest prof in the Bio department! Everything I learned... I learned from Dr.Towne. He's really passionate about Biology (especially bees). He's just a wonderful person and a great teacher. I would absolutely take another course with him again.,5.0,3.0
cool prof. takes it personally if you don't do well in class. the class was kinda like high school. I just can't believe this guy has 12 peppers. you girls are sick,4.0,5.0
he's an awesome guy and is always there to help you. The class is hard and you will spend a lot of time studying. I am repeating the class & i think i'm only ending up with a D, maybe a C.,4.0,5.0
His class was very hard.it was hard to understanding and also it wasnt a class i look forward to going to. His class was also boring.I wouldnt take him.,2.0,5.0
He is a great professor, and my favorite professor at KU so far. He is extremely helpful and I would recommend taking him for both lab and lecture. His tests are pretty hard, but it is still a great class.,4.5,4.0
Very good teacher. I was not looking forward to Bio at all but I am not having any problems. He's is very clear and he pretty much covers all test material in lecture.,4.0,2.0
amazing.. and so helpful.. not to mention he is totally the dad i wish i had..,5.0,3.0
Awesome teaching ability,5.0,3.0
awesome professor,4.5,4.0
He can be helpful and unclear at the same time. Never complete direct in his instructions or his expectations of you. A nice guy, but definitely not my favorite teacher. Seems to bell curve on the grades... the class average was always right in the 70-71 range. Just do the work, and always show up and you should be fine, though.,3.0,3.0
hes cool,4.5,3.0
Dr Towne is a great professor, a very personable man, and a teriffic advisor. He makes you learn the material, but if you put an effort into the class, he encourages you to keep working! I can't say enough wonderful things about him. PHENOMINAL!!!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,5.0
He is so nice and he will do anything to help you as long as you put some effort into his class. And he is so HOT!,5.0,1.0
Very Personable, stops to talk to you outside of the classroom..clear in presenting material, and offers review sessions. Hope he's as good in Genetics.,4.0,2.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
best teacher! so nice, great guy and very attractive! very nice smile :),5.0,1.0
Very helpful, very smart, very good lectures. Actually takes time to get to know students (even in 100-student lectures).,4.5,3.0
Tests weren't bad-use the study sheets and questions in the book. Keep up on the reading. Class & Lab do take a lot of work. Little tough on the grading. Does treat everybody like incoming freshman who have had no science before.,4.0,3.0
LOVE HIM! He was very helpful, and presented material well. Tests were tough. Managed a B. But he is so sweet and will do anything he can to help you,5.0,3.0
Are you kidding me?! He treats his students like they're idiots. I felt like he thought he was teaching genetics to a two year old!,2.0,1.0
Very cool teacher..tries to make jokes that people don't always understand! If you ever need someone to talk to about college problems weather about class or school in general, all you have to do is ask. I thought his tests were pretty hard!,4.5,4.0
He knows his stuff, and is a nice guy, but very anal when it comes to grading. He was also an English minor or something so when you have to write a lab report for him, bring it to him before it is due so he can look over it and correct it.,2.0,4.0
great teacher, very approachable, willing to help with anything, very attractive. the one downfall is he will make u play with bees,5.0,1.0
Hot, but must have been a blonde. Too smart for common sense.,5.0,2.0
He is soooooo HOT! And currently ahead in the contest Who is DA man?,4.5,4.0
really smart. good class. if i was 40 id want him.,4.5,3.0
I find these classes very interesting. The tests are difficult, but that is to be expected at this level. I have learned a lot from this man, and feel very comfortable talking to him about problems in his class to other issues that arise in college.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
awesome guy. loves bees. always ready to help with anything. hot (harrison ford hot). interesting class!,5.0,2.0
BIO is a hard subject but he tries his best 2 make it as simple as possible. If u need help ask him he'll make time 4 u.,5.0,3.0
cool guy, really into his bees,4.0,3.0
Makes you think!,3.5,5.0
This is a prof who is a bit of a jokester, which may put some people off, but I found his class interesting, and Dr. Fortner to be a funny and cool guy. He is helpful to students that request assistance outside of class. I would take any of his classes, if able.,5.0,4.0
Brilliant, but that brilliance is worthless because he has no skills as an educator. Yells and berates students who speak out or disagree. Cannot cover assigned material in given time. You leave the class feeling belittled and unprepared for future work in the field.,1.5,5.0
Best Bible teacher at Harding,4.5,2.0
Smart? Yes. Helpful. Absolutely not. Tests are difficult, but not un-passable if you study. Don't expect to learn a lot of useful stuff without doing most of the learning outside of class. Avoid this guy at all costs!!!!,1.5,5.0
1) Take notes on everything. 2) Get a dictionary because he uses words no one knows the meaning of frequently. 3) You have to be organized. 4) He sometimes goes off on random stories that supposedly have to do with the topic. 5) You may not learn alot about the subject material as much as just random facts about life.,3.5,3.0
I had John Fortner for many classes from 1994-1998 and I still think of him. He is a wonderful teacher. He is brilliant and thought provoking, and cares about his students. Listening to him talk about God makes you fall in love with God all over again. I recommend taking every single class this man offers.,5.0,5.0
I had John Fortner for many classes from 1994-1998 and I still think of him. He is a wonderful teacher. He is brilliant and thought provoking, and cares about his students. Listening to him talk about God makes you fall in love with God all over again. I recommend taking every single class this man offers.,5.0,5.0
Be warned, this man teaches classes as a strong intellectual - If you're only in it expecting to get by with as little as possible, you will suffer. If you pay attention and study though, his classes are some of the most rewarding at University. STAYING AWAKE IS MANDATORY.,3.0,5.0
Fortner is a fabulous teacher. Don't take him if you're looking for an easy A or just want the minimum information on a topic. Dr. Fortner is a scholar and expects the same from his students. He is a true teacher and a wonderful man.,5.0,5.0
His comprehension of the material is unsurpassable-a true scholar. One that makes you think! He can read sooo many languages. His classes have literally changed my life. Everyone should take him!!!!!!!!!!!!!,3.5,4.0
No Comments,3.0,1.0
No Comments,4.5,5.0
His class is extremely interesting and informative. I found his tests very easy, but long.,4.0,1.0
First test is always hard. Random detail from the readings. Grades papers easy though. Easiest final I ever took. Loved Wisdom Lit. Opened up meaning to Job and Genesis.,5.0,3.0
Thanks to him my wife and I are both Catholics after exploring the history of the Church in his class!!!,4.5,3.0
Dr. Fortner... Rules. He's hard. He's tough. He's scary, even. But he's awesome. He'll make you think about God in ways you didn't know were possible. I encourage taking his class, or any of his classes, very, very, very much,4.5,4.0
No Comments,4.5,5.0
who speaks Hebrew anyways,2.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
He's awesome!,3.5,4.0
Very intelligent, but not very understanding of students' opinions.,2.5,4.0
Very tough, because he's such a smart man,3.5,4.0
Dr. Neller is a very nice guy, but pretty strict about rules and gives very hard tests. You must do the readings and home work and readings and the class takes up a lot of time, but there are a lot of opportunities to do well,3.0,4.0
He is the best preaching teacher I have ever read or heard. The people who comment poorly on him are probably lazy and not good at the class work. He is not an easy teacher, but he is very good at teaching you how to find the point of the text. The way he speaks can sound arrogant, but I don't think he means it. A good teacher!,4.5,4.0
I'm amused by the comment that Neller "Doesn't have a compassionate heart" because he won't let you blow off assignments. He's hard, yeah, but that's how college should be. An excellent teacher and a good man.,4.0,3.0
Grades with a bit of a bias. My friend and i wrote papers that we deemed equivalent in quality and almost the same length(I'm an english minor). My friend wrote in his paper 'are you actually reading this' and got an 80%. i got a 70%.,2.0,5.0
VERY arrogant! Kinda boring too. He did teach a few good lessons. Unfortunately I had to take him but if you don't have to, DON'T take him!,2.0,3.0
Unless you're a Bible major, I would avoid taking him for class. It was pretty obvious that he was offended to be teaching a freshman Gen Ed, and since he's a little arrogant anyway, it made for a long semester. He'll test you on random information from textbooks (4 for freshman New Testament? Kind of excessive...), and he doesn't do appointments,2.0,5.0
So open minded his brains are falling out. Does not interpret text well. Lots of busy work.,1.0,4.0
teacher was awesome! wat a great person! class was alittle hard, but if you do all the work, you are sure t get an A!,5.0,5.0
I could listen to him preach all the time which is why I went to downtown. But, his class is HARD. Work is constant. But, all said, I believe he is very genuine and believes what he teaches. That makes it bearable.,4.5,5.0
Kind of high on himself but what college football player isn't? He's a good teacher. He knows his stuff really well and he's a nice guy. Doesnt have a compassionate heart though and he lets you know. Will show you NO mercy on his very difficult tests and assignments. Hard to get an A but def. possible.,4.5,5.0
Excellent teacher. Expectations are made VERY clear from the beginning and you earn your grade... this is not the teacher to take if you're looking for an "easy A", but an A is very possible. Wants all his students to do well and LEARN.,5.0,3.0
He seems a bit scary at first but he's a great teacher and a man worthy of respect. I think some are confusing humility with conviction.,2.5,3.0
good stuff, if hard.,4.5,4.0
Terrible teacher. he preaches instead of teaching. Definitly full of himself- very pious.,2.5,4.0
very full of himself - needs some humility,1.0,3.0
Best of any of the "holy" teachers.,4.0,2.0
Dr. Neller is challenging and he will keep you busy with work, but it is worth it. Not only did I learn a lot in his class, but I felt a sense of accomplishment after having completed it.,4.5,4.0
No Comments,1.5,1.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
Extremely down to earth and well prepared.,5.0,3.0
Professor Shock is one of the best professors I have ever had. His class is laid back, but he knows how to teach a lot without making the course seem like a waste of time or that it is unstructured. He is clear about what he wants, and if you listen to him and do what he tells you, you will make an A. Simple as that. A wonderful man.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Shock is incredible. He's done literally everything. Spends most of the class time talking about the news and PR strategies with topics we bring up rather than following a strict format. Easy tests--we help write them. Pay attention in class, and you'll be good!,5.0,1.0
The best professor at Harding, without a doubt. Very clear about what is on the tests, so it's impossible to get a bad grade. Fun to listen to. Has the best stories. There is nobody like him.,5.0,1.0
Dr. Jackie Shock is an incredible person. He knows his stuff when it comes to Public Relations. This is definitely an Intro course, so you get a taste of the field.,5.0,1.0
Dr. Shock is funny, caring, and wants you to learn without having to worry about grades. This class is an easy GPA boost, but I also learned a lot. He tells you exactly what you need to know for the tests, and hell even throw out questions if he worded them badly or everyone got them wrong.,5.0,1.0
A great lecturer who makes a new test every class. He keeps his class current and is a joy to listen to.,5.0,2.0
Professor Shock is by far my favorite professor I've had so far. He is charismatic , funny, and helpful while still conveying his material well. He is great at making the subject he is teaching about seem practical and giving real world examples. I can't wait to take more classes with him in coming semesters.,5.0,2.0
I loved this class! Shock is hilarious! His tests are easy, too.,5.0,1.0
Dr. Shock is by far my favorite teacher in all of my schooling. He is so funny and makes class actually interesting. He's very experienced and has a lot of connections outside of school, and is willing to help you with anything you need. Best professor on campus, without a doubt.,5.0,1.0
Hands down, the best teacher on campus! Funny, yet thoughtful and can teach any subject!,5.0,1.0
So funny! Easy to learn anything from! :),4.5,3.0
Best teacher at the school!! Wish Everyone taught like him!!!,5.0,2.0
Simply the best. Better than all the rest.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Shock has to be one of the best professors around!!! Absolutely loved PR principles with him and I am not a PR major. His stories are real experiences and relate his point well not to mention will keep you Laughing all the time! Shock is great!,5.0,2.0
Most competent teacher in the department by far,4.5,4.0
Favorite professor at Harding- they need more like him,5.0,2.0
Awesome professor! Turned a boring speech class into one of my favorite classes in college. Good job!,5.0,1.0
Dr. Shock is the best teacher I've ever had! He is incredible both in and outside the classroom, and teaches in a way that motivates the student to learn. I wish all my teachers would take a lesson from him.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Shock has the talent of making his class educational and entertaining. What else could you ask for?I never dread going to his class. Dr. Shock, if you are reading this, keep up the good work, you are great!,5.0,3.0
Absolutely Amazing! His knowledge on the subjects is so vast, and ever expnading due to his active works still. A class with him is never dull!,5.0,3.0
I had dreaded taking PNW, but Jack Shock made it an awesome experience. He's a very interesting man that always seems concerned about his students.,5.0,2.0
If he had had his way, I wouldn't be in college. What a jerk!---Doesn't know how to encourage. Makes fun of people!,1.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Dr. Shock is an amazing professor. Although i didn't pass his classes, i strongly recommend him. He has a real enthusiasm for helping students learn and is a joy to be around. I was in his class on 9/11 and he handled it amazingly.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Shock is a wonderful professor. He loves his work, he encourages his students, he pushes us slackers to be better and to succeed.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Dr. Shock is awesome!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
Extremely cool and funny guy,5.0,2.0
My best proffesor.,5.0,3.0
I loved this class! It was difficult at times, but I gained a lot of knowledge by being in the class. I took it as a freshman and he is a lot easier that way. just be respectful. no phones, no eating in class, don't sit and talk the whole time. (I suggest sit in the back) other than those things, great teacher, and nice guy.,4.0,3.0
He lectures and sometimes it can get boring, but for the most part, he's a great guy and he'll make you laugh. His tests are easy and as long as you study, you should have no problem.,3.0,2.0
Dr. Alexander is the best Bible Professor at Harding. He lectures, and gives test. That is all you have to do, just pay attention and learn the material.,5.0,2.0
He has a very strict no phone policy and humiliated several students for breaking that policy. Very strict attendance policy for a very boring class. Worst bible class Ive had.,4.0,3.0
Horrible professor! DO NOT TAKE HIM! Class was not challenging, but boring. If he is your only choice, transfer. His class was the worst I have ever had in my life. He does not care about students or his own material.,1.0,1.0
I like Dr. Alexander a lot. If you show up to class, take clear notes, and don't fall asleep during the lectures, you'll get good grades. He isn't unfair; everything that is on the test was in the lectures and study guides. If you're taking BNEW 101 be aware that he only used the textbook the first week and a half though...,4.0,3.0
Dr. Alexander is a super caring guy and can be funny at times. HIs class is pretty dull, but it's an easy A. You just fill out the study guide as he lectures and if you study it you'll do great on the exams. He is very old fashioned and does nothing online. He is pretty strict about cell phones and food. He only allows laptops if you sit up front.,3.0,2.0
I did fine in the class, but I always dreaded this class more than any others. The class was very dull, and he seemed very opinionated, particularly about this generation of students.,1.0,2.0
I wasn't a huge fan of Dr. Alexander. Lectures were very dull, but they were crucial for tests, which along with attendance make up your entire grade. Everybody is different, but I'd probably transfer schools if my only option was to take him again,1.0,4.0
Find another bible professor. Seriously. There's nowhere to go but up.,1.0,3.0
Just not a good professor. Treats his students like they are in junior high. Outrageously strict on cell phone usage, no food or drink besides water in a clear container. Not helpful when it comes to wanting to do better in the class. Goes until the bell every day, sometimes over. Not an interesting lecturer. Rude and unhelpful most of the time.,1.0,4.0
Only grades are tests. The tests are straight from the notes, which he gives in a powerpoint during class. Powerpoints online and he doesn't post his class on canvas. He absolutely does not allow phones and is kind of intimidating as a professor but he is kind. Lectures are boring, he's opinionated and his jokes just make me feel sorry for him.,2.0,4.0
Loved Dr. Alexander.,5.0,1.0
I took Dr. Alexander for my first semester of bible freshman year, and both sophomore semesters. I received an A all three times. His tests are straight from his notes and gave some type of extra credit work during each semester. His study guides are extremely helpful and many people have made quizlets for them! I really enjoyed his classes!,4.0,2.0
I really liked Alexander when I took him. He is good natured and clear but his class can get boring and feel long. If you show up and take notes, you'll pass easily. He sticks to the text and doesn't preach at you. It's been a few years and he still remembers my name and says hello in the halls, which just shows what kind of teacher he is.,4.5,1.0
Do not take Alexander. He expects way too much out of a required 2 hour class. He is archaic and dull in his lectures, tests are extremely hard, and he doesn't even make his power point slides available to you. I absolutely regret taking him. I feel that, with another professor, I could have gotten a lot more out of the class.,2.0,4.0
Not a bad teacher, he knows his stuff. Just take notes and give him respect and he won't bet agitated with you. Your only grades are from tests. We had to read from the textbook on our own time and they were only 5 out of 50 questions from it on each test.,4.0,2.0
Going to the SI sessions really helps to better understand this class. The material can be difficult to comprehend sometimes, but the test questions come straight from his lectures. Don't be absent a lot and take good notes and you will be fine! He is a very nice and helpful professor too.,4.5,2.0
He is a really nice guy and he is very knowledgeable. However, the class can be boring at times--it takes him a while to make his point. It was easy and I did learn.,4.5,2.0
I really enjoyed his class, he was very informative and helpful. I learned a lot from his class.,4.5,4.0
Really nice guy. Can sometimes take a while to make a point, but if you pay attention in class, the tests aren't too hard. Not very specific about what to write when taking notes.,4.0,1.0
I could say the class was somewhat helpful but not as much as you would expect from the time that we were in there. The class was very boring on most days but there were those really interesting topics on some days. Don't but the textbook just borrow someone else's pointless to buy.,2.5,3.0
Great teacher. Is a devoted Christian and teacher of God's word. I learned so many new things as it related to the letters Paul wrote to the early Christians. The test were challenging but if you took notes read the material and studied, you can make the grade. I look forward to taking him again.,5.0,4.0
PBI is probably a useful class, but it is absolutely pointless when this man is teaching. He actually failed a friend of mine for absences/tardies when he himself (Alexander) cancelled class several times and appeared tardy more often than the class! It was a complete waste of my tuition dollars.,1.0,2.0
A nice guy, but not a very good teacher. Or maybe it was just the class. Basically, the number of things I learned in that class, I could probably count on one hand. It was the only class I didn't feel guilty for doing homework for other classes in, because as slowly as he went over things, I could take notes and do homework at the same time.,2.5,2.0
he's a good man, very genuine and loves what he teaches. his formal way of speech is just really hard to understand in an 8am when it's principles of biblical interpretation.,2.0,4.0
He was not helpful when my mom passed away. I asked for extra time on a few assignments and refused. He was/is the dean of the College of Bible and Religion!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
he is really nice, sometimes tell funny stories, and the test are easy just study and listen in class.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,2.5,3.0
Old Test- very knowledgable, but doesn't have his degree in education, but very nice- extremely sincere.,3.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
I didn't think Dr. Thakkar was that bad. The exams focused more on concepts instead of all the heavy math behind them. He makes his own textbook which practically has everything you need in it, and only costs 20$. Explains stuff pretty clearly in class, too.,4.0,3.0
Uhm yeah...brutal exam questions. Good at explaining theory but always has a monotone voice, so you get tired and fall asleep listening to him.,3.0,5.0
He needs to dumb his exam questions down a bit and I mean forget about getting notes from this guy, isn't very appealing to have as a teacher, avoid him,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
not helpful or approachable....hard course...not at all approachable,2.0,4.0
good old General Thakkar, can't teach...yells all the time,1.5,4.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,2.0
Likes to throw chalk, pens etc... watch out those of you in the front!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
What an ass! Move to the center. ;),1.0,5.0
Never went to class out of hate. A+,1.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
horrid horrid man,1.0,5.0
He believes you're slacking off when you're not. Never let yourself relax in his class or his presence. He will judge you.,2.0,3.0
Not reasonable.,2.0,5.0
Very nice and helpful,3.5,4.0
Great, incredibly helpful and dedicated,4.5,4.0
great, really nice, brilliant, good for upper level courses,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Terrible teacher;terrible experience,1.0,4.0
This was a terrrible experience!,1.0,4.0
Going to lectures was always exciting. You can tell that he really cares about what he does, and he wants his students to care too.,5.0,4.0
He's an amazing teacher, and he makes you love the subject. You will feel like you are dying, however, but that is the fault of Applied Real Analysis and not of Tom Garrity. If anyone can make you enjoy one of the hardest classes you will take, it's Tom. He gave me a lot of confidence in myself and my math.,5.0,4.0
This Guy was AMAZING. he was so much fun to have as a teacher. loved every minute of it!!!!,5.0,3.0
Excellent classroom teacher, but careful about asking him for a rec.I took several classes with him and did well and thought I had a good relationship with him.Asked for a rec and he said he'd be happy to do it.It was about 10 lines long and said basically nothing.A rec that says nothing is not a rec.I felt really betrayed.Not sure what happened.,3.5,4.0
this guy is the best proffessor out there, you'll be lucky to have him, and you wont regret taking the class. It's hard material, but he explains it so smoothly ans articulates the points that need to be aknowledged. i don't know of anyone who has taken a course for prof garrity and not fallen in love with him. I know i have, he is amazing!!!!!!,5.0,4.0
Distracting antics, sure, but only in the best sense. It's all pedagogical/cognitive tricks, but they work. You WILL pay attention, and you will understand what he's trying to explain.,5.0,4.0
Distracting antics,1.0,2.0
Awesome teacher! Hilarious!,5.0,3.0
great sense of humor,5.0,2.0
FUNNY. AWESOME. THE GREATEST.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Very enthusiatic and clear presentation of material.,5.0,3.0
Wonderful course, lots of homework but worth it to be in class with such a fun professor,5.0,4.0
Very very very good!,5.0,1.0
Amazing at presenting proofs,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,5.0
Gave me a C and somehow I was happy about it. Loved the class, hated the subject,4.5,4.0
another "if you don't get it I can't help you" comment,3.0,3.0
Was my advisor my freshman year. Made me drop the Math major by telling me "if [I] didn't get it the first time, there was nothing he could do to help." Not that clear unless you're already a math genious.,2.0,3.0
my worst experience thus far,2.5,5.0
Professor Adams is wonderful. Best teacher ever!,5.0,4.0
Best professor of calc in the country... 1000 times easier to understand than the book, animated, lots of jokes (even those that are pretty bad). Altogether a great guy.,5.0,3.0
Stole physics homework, was not understanding when i rifled through his papers,5.0,3.0
very helpful and funny!!!,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
I'm a Junior in High School and have taken several of Professor Burger's math courses online through Thinkwell. He's literally the only math instructor I've had who could hold my attention. He's quirky, entertaining and unique; sometimes corny (but that's part of what makes him so funny), and I look forward to watching his lessons every day.,5.0,4.0
He is always to the point and explains the subject exceptionally, to the point if you watch all the lessons and follow with practice, then tests are easy enough to be relaxing. :) He made calculus feel easy for me. Took online courses.,5.0,2.0
I took him in the online Thinkwell course, good professor, teaches well. The only issues are his AWFUL jokes and I am not sure he is totally sane. Every once in a while he will laugh about something random and it activates my flight or fight response, just sitting in my room.,3.0,3.0
Amazing, hilarious, really taught me the things I thought i would never get. I watched him through the online thinkwell algebra 1 honors course.,5.0,3.0
SO BORING WORST MATH TEACHER EVER,1.0,3.0
Edward Burger is 100% dork; he tells terrible jokes and he gets way too excited about math. Which just so happen to make him a wonderful teacher!! I'm taking Calc online through WGU and I have to watch all Burger's videos through Thinkwell; he makes calculus so easy to understand.,5.0,2.0
He is awful!!!!!!,1.0,5.0
terrible teacher,1.0,1.0
Since I took math online Prof. Berger was the star of every math video in every section of my course. I am taking College Algebra 1111 at Athens Technical College, in Athens Ga through Thinkwell. I can not understand my course teacher, but after watching Prof. Berger explain it, I have that AH HAH! moment. Thank you so much!! And I love your jokes!,5.0,1.0
This professor was very clear in what he taught, He really cracked me up with his quirky personality. He was quick and to the point which helped me study for the final. There are 6 quizzes, 3 exams, and 1 final, and if you prepare enough they are very easy.,5.0,2.0
I take an online algebra course and professor Burger made several videos. HE IS AWESOME! I hope he can see that a student watching the videos he made found it very helpful and clear. I also hope they are giving him royalties for that! :P,5.0,2.0
Dear Dr. Burger, please do not leave Baylor or else we will die. Thank you. (Best math teacher ever. I only have to take 3 credits of math for my major and I positively adore his class, which is saying a lot because I hate math. :P),3.5,5.0
Prof. Burger is an excellent teacher. Try and get him if you can. A true pleasure.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
I love his class,5.0,3.0
Excellent prof.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
a good teacher, and excited to explain/help, but does so condescendingly,4.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,4.0
No Comments,5.0,5.0
Cheryl is great! I took Intro to International Relations with her and found it really interesting & easy. No book but we did have xeroxed packets and assigned readings in them every night. Readings are hard but her lectures are so clear I never even did them. Graded on one hw assignment, three papers, and final (gives you questions ahead of time).,4.0,2.0
I liked her a lot. Nice to talk to, intelligent, and had a really good grasp on the materials for the class that I took with her.,5.0,3.0
She goes off on random rants. Started throwing stuff at an internet server that kept making noise. Kinda weird, but knows her stuff.,3.5,4.0
She is a bit monstrous. She wasn't helfpul either. I also find her quite depressing to be around.,1.0,4.0
Awful prof. It's a miracle that she made it through grad school. I have actually witnessed her throwing an eraser at another professor. She is an abusive hack. Dido: Publish something besides a travel brochure, you lazy low life.,1.0,1.0
Horrible Professor and human being. I throw-up in my mouth when I think about working with her. She is not just incompetent, apathetic, and lazy. She is actually evil and insane. A goldfish could teach international law-- or anything, really, better. Also, publish something besides for a travel brochure on your musings about your Caribbean cruise.,1.0,1.0
Mediocre. Course might have been great if it had been taught by someone elsje. Doesn't present many new ideas apart from those in the textbooks. Assigns pretty random essay topics. Kind of horrible personality.,2.5,3.0
smart, direct, sassy,5.0,4.0
Totally hot.,5.0,5.0
Great prof, although much better in seminar than in lecture. Hilarious and very passionate about her material. She takes some getting used to but if you do your work and are genuinely interested then the class will be very enjoyable.,4.5,4.0
Cuts to the point, sometimes with cutting sarcasm.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
a really cool person. fosters dynamic discussions. makes you defend yourself,4.0,3.0
Wonderful teacher.,5.0,5.0
amazingly excellent,5.0,5.0
Great lecturer, highly useful and enjoyable class. Morgan is...ummm...a unique dude...but hey, most good profs kinda are. Extremely helpful and knowledgable; take a class with him!,5.0,3.0
Yeah, weird pretty much sums it up.,2.5,2.0
Professor Dalzell is opinionated and defends his opinions fiercely. He expects his students to do the same. If you thrive on class debate and are an active participant in class, you will love him. If you are a wallflower who shies away from sharing your opinions in class, avoid Professor Dalzell. I admire and respect the man greatly.,4.5,3.0
I received a flyer touting this class right before I came to Williams, & I changed my schedule. I had thought to be an AMST major, but after this class I couldn't. I couldn't help but fall asleep in most classes. Jealous of my friends who had someone else (& became majors).,2.0,4.0
Dalzell is indeed a brillant professor. However, his views often were conservative and self-righteous in nature. If you enjoy listening to a professor's opinon, and agreeing completely, this is the course to take. Otherwise stay away!!,2.5,5.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
amazing prof and brilliant man,4.0,5.0
Not a good intellectual experience. Class was painfully boring and dumbed down; mostly just analyzing pointless things. Discussion is just agreeing with her opinion and listening to her marvel over the founding fathers. No real engagement with ideas. Clear she's not actually a historian. Insisted students of color "correct" their speech patterns.,1.0,1.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
Helpful, interesting prof.,4.5,3.0
Best professor I've had at Haverford. Will challenge you, but also introduce you to a new way of interpreting texts. He is by far one of the English Department's best assets.,4.0,3.0
I took Bible lit with Finley and was really excited for it, but he completely butchered it. He's awful at facilitating discussion, he shares inappropriately personal stories with the whole class, and just throws a ton of reading at you but doesn't tell you which ones you actually need to do for class. The worst professor I've had so far.,1.0,3.0
really no idea where all these poor reviews are coming from. Yes, he's emotionally invested in the material, but I find that far preferable to a monotonous lecture. He's also very encouraging with class discussion and facilitates it well. All this said, I'm an english major, so the lack of structure to the class doesn't really bother me.,5.0,4.0
Incredibly knowledgeable and passionate about the course content. Seems to come from years of experience with reading and reflecting upon the poetry. Receptive to student comments and ideas. Excellent, insightful comments on papers. Changed my way of thinking about the poetry of Wordsworth, Eliot, and Stevens.,5.0,4.0
You get a mixed bag with Finley. You will learn a lot about the texts he loves, but not about Walcott or Joyce. He did not cover the theory as well or helpfully as the other section. He can also be weirdly personal in his comments in class and on your papers. If you have a tough skin, you can ignore them. If not, you will be traumatized.,2.0,4.0
He's lovely. He is emotional and can get defensive, but just listen to what he has to say. He's got a great heart and is tremendously intellectually based. He cares about his students -- he can just come off as gruff if you take a limited view.,4.5,4.0
very emotionally invested, which can be good or bad depending. i loved him!! def. knows what he's talking about.,3.0,4.0
Like the first student says, this man is so melodramatic. He brings a lot of feeling to his course, but can also be emotionally manipulative. Use his favoritie words in your paper if you want to get a good grade.,3.0,3.0
Finley is the most calculatingly melodramatic man I have ever met. His ability to "unpack" a text is limited to how well it can be interpreted within a feminist context. New ideas and individual learning styles are of no concern to him. To sum up with a quote from a certain late night talk show, "He's a sweet little cupcake...baked by the devil.",1.0,3.0
comment below is so true! save yourself! flee from this guy!,2.0,5.0
Finely is gifted in interpreting texts. However, if you don't agree with him, you can either hurt his feelings, or get on his bad side. Doesn't say much for a professor when he won't encourage independent thinking. Also--he's got a temper!,3.0,4.0
Best Prof I had at Haverford.,5.0,3.0
blarg. there are way better english classes than this guy's. take one of those instead!,1.5,4.0
,4.5,2.0
The class was really easy if she actually gave out correct instructions. She's usually nice but she can definitely be rude and sassy. She has absolutely no reasoning when you mess up..it's her way or the highway and she couldn't care less if you got an F.,1.5,2.0
She is the nicest lady! She is so enthusiastic about design and is so helpful. The quizzes for the FREE etext are decently easy. She loves participation. You get a lot of labtime to work on projects. The projects are really fun and she lays out exactly what she wants. It seems overwhelming when you first start, but she gives you a lot of time.,5.0,2.0
She is awesome. you could get lot from her class. her class is interesting and easy to follow. just go to class and get the idea what she wants you to do. don't worry about the due day, just show your work. no textbook need.,5.0,3.0
Great teacher. She is very nice and fair. She likes class participation.,4.5,2.0
Pam is so great! She is really laid back, and cares more about the quality of work than the due date. She is so inspiring and gave me interest in a subject that I never really cared for before. This is a requirement in the Journalism program but I hope to have her in the future. I learned more from her than any of my professors at Ball State!,4.5,2.0
She's so awesome! The class is fun and even though it's required, it's the most ive learned in a Journ course to date. She's super easy to talk to and really entertaining.,5.0,2.0
Pretty easy class. We worked as a class all semester to create a website, so it was difficult having everyone do a little something to contribute. Thing that bothered me was there's no real schedule of items due so you don't know what you are being required to do or graded on. Other than that, pretty easy class and Pam is real cool,3.0,1.0
Pam is amazing. She doesn't require a book and the assignments are creative and fun. You have to read the e-text though and her quizzes can be tricky. Just listen to watch she says and you'll be fine.,3.0,2.0
Absolutely my fav journalism class....she is so understanding and evens checks her students out on facebook! has teh best personality and knows what she's talking about,5.0,1.0
She is the best thing that's happened to teaching. She is sweet, compassionate and she really, truely, honest-to-gawd cares for her students, their lives, their interests, and their futures. There would be alot more graduates if there were more prof's like her.,5.0,1.0
Pam really CARES about students. She will help as much as she can. Very understanding.,5.0,3.0
Pam is so awesome!!! She is by far my favorite prof in the journalism department!,5.0,3.0
Awesome professor! She relates well with students and is very helpful for those that do not understand.,5.0,3.0
One of the best teachers I've had...so helpful!,5.0,2.0
definately likes sans serifs; fun prof,4.0,3.0
Pam is the coolest..,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
Enjoyable class,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
Great prof, knows what he is talking about and provides insightful examples and real-life stories relating to the course. Class is very entertaining and homework/assignments are very reasonable.,5.0,2.0
He's a very nice teacher but he needs to change his teaching style. Using slides and sharing handouts on learn can be very helpful, but he seems to compare himself with his teachers from the old days and thinks he's doing a good job!,1.0,4.0
Brain is a fun prof. Though his behaviour and conduct in class may be unique and unprofessional, but the way he explains the concepts behind the material is excellent. I don't know why people are flaming against him, so far he is an excellent prof.,4.5,3.0
Not the most professional style, but explains the material pretty straight forward.,3.0,4.0
Great Prof! By the sounds of it, people in upper years like him, and all the new f_gs in first year don't like him. It's their fault for being such jabronies. As long as you're literate in English you'll be fine, does involve A LOT of reading, but that's about it.,4.5,2.0
I wonder why there's such a wide gap in opinions... Maybe it's just the course because I DESPISED MSCI 261 (not with Brian). Anyway, he's quite funny and he ends the class early only if you want to too. Lots of reading work but he decreased it after complaints. Not hard maybe tedious. Very open to talk about opinions and future options. =) Fair.,4.0,2.0
what a hottie. so many enlightening stories. get ready because you get to here them not once...not twice...some times thrice...but more like FOURICE! the best part about this class is how many games i was able to beat on addictinggames, its in the dbl digits for shows. also the assignment answer come with the txt book and his exams are reallll easy,4.0,2.0
Brutal. Absolutly brutal. NOT worth the pain. TERRIBLE. Boring incompitent, useless, incapable, laughs at his own terrible (REALLY TERRIBLE) jokes. Tells us he makes terrible financial decisions even though he is TEACHING FINANCE.,1.0,1.0
All I have to say is that Brian should be fired as a teacher for the University of Waterloo.,1.0,5.0
I am rating him while listening to his lecture right now. The course is absolutely NOT recommended for those who are considering to take it for thier electives. Go take some other courses. He is brutal,1.0,3.0
I like Brian, he's got a good balance between lecturing and humour. He strays off-topic often, but he's a cool guy. He will teach you the material if you are willing to listen, and his assignments really do actually help you understand the content. He is willing to help you out with your personal endeavors as well. Great to have him.,5.0,2.0
Awesome marks, good stories but not very dependable. Hope to get a good textbook as the exam came out of the homework problems.,3.0,1.0
for all those whiners out there, he did a good job, taught a fun, interesting class and gave everyone VERY FAIR marks. i only wish my other grad courses were this interesting or useful...,4.0,1.0
I've had Mazumdar, Miskovic, and Loucks... and while they're all pretty terrible, BPC is the only one who's incensed me to the point of writing a review. He is incredibly unreliable. On the midterm he told us to ask any questions at the beginning because "I'm going home". He never taught a complete lesson the entire term. Condescending.Wish>350char,1.5,5.0
I wish he takes early retirement. By giving inflated grades does not make you a good prof,1.5,5.0
Teaching style is great, but could take more time to do examples instead of some of his awesome stories, but this particular course was not hard enough that this was a problem (though it could be in other cases). A little more organization in the course such that case studies would have been spread out more would have been appreciated,4.0,1.0
Cozzarin makes me so angry. MSCI 261 has the potential to be a good course. Too bad it was taught by such an incompetent professor. Really, Brian, we don't care about your life stories or if you hate real estate agents. Please start teaching so we don't have to cram weeks of untaught material into two lectures and have a mental breakdown. GG.,1.0,5.0
Brian, why don't you change your profession? Why not adopt your passion (of bragging about Italian blood) as your professions (become Italian PM)?,1.0,5.0
miserable person. would make your life miserable.,1.0,5.0
Prof. Cozzarin is extremely knowledgeable and adds some humour to an otherwise dry course.,4.5,4.0
a very haughty person who can make your life miserable (at his own pleasure) ----- these comments make no difference as dept. leadership is impotent or incompetent (or both) --- or may be they have no alternatives but to rely on morons,1.0,3.0
can't we get someone who can teach unddergrad course as an undergrad course. we are not interested in what research he has done as his storeis always make us lose time,1.0,5.0
he is **** who is always talking about his country's upremacy over Eriterians whom his gradfather conquered and his father help ruled as a govt official,1.0,5.0
Awsome and hilarious!!! A Must Have Professor!!,5.0,2.0
WHOOT, WHOOT! this guys AWSOME!! YEA YEA! very clever and hilarious! you know what he does?? he takes his eyeballs out and then sticks it on the desk and watches ur every move! amazing eh? love this guy! he also does great impressions of people!,5.0,1.0
bad proffesor,1.0,4.0
Why he teaches a class is beyond me. He told more stories than he taught material. He likes making fun of people's shoes and commenting on how a gang of black guys in a caddy were making gang symbols at him. If there was a test from only lectures, I would know his stories off by heart. The required material, not so much.,1.5,3.0
Well I think the course isnt hard, its the way its taught. he could teach the course in a month. Its like this: u come to class, he has a load of stuff on board already (writes like a machine gun), then he talks for exactly 30 mins, then remembers that he has a class to teach again spills out a bunch of stuff on board for 15min, then talk for 5min,1.5,5.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Great sense of humor and funny ass jokes :). I don't think I need to say anything about the TAs as they were already mentioned...,3.5,3.0
So damn funny. TA's are horrible. Could use a set of course notes instead of seven thousand pages of copied tables and graphs.,4.0,2.0
He has great sense of humour. I often make myself not skip the lecture only to listen to his another story.,5.0,2.0
Ohh man... the hardest exam ever :( Pleeeeease drop the midterm mark.. choose the better of the midterm or the final .. pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeease!!!!,3.5,5.0
he's alright. funny at times. REALLY needs better TAs. The TAs are awful. AWFUL!,3.5,3.0
he assigns too much homework, gives 25 questions to do in 3 days,1.5,4.0
He comes to Eby lounge to watch simpsons.,2.5,4.0
That Cozzarin is nfg! Get rid of that beige sweater, you real-estate agent hatin' comp. sci. failure!,3.0,3.0
Sets difficult exams, If in a mood makes funny gestures and hilarious comments.,4.0,3.0
he needs to control his mood swings a little bit - need to hire better TAs,2.0,4.0
his mood swings faster than a pendulum swings,2.5,4.0
quite moody and at times arrogant. he says my italian blood boils inside me when a students tries to argue.,2.0,3.0
Something about him that makes everything really evil at times. His easiness follows the trend of mood swings.,3.0,4.0
horrible in terms of organization. he has always created a mess when he asked TAs to carry out his ill-conceived course plans. we never knew what he was teaching in class to follow him. haphazard progression.,2.5,3.0
Superb Teacher. Humourous. Random Eclectic Statements.,5.0,2.0
Disorganized moron,1.0,3.0
he was forced to drop our very first midterm because the overall result was so bad that bell curve wouldn't even help!,1.0,5.0
Lectures are mildly entertaining. Apart from that, he's an idiot. Very disorganized, hires stupid TAs, never keeps his promises.,2.5,2.0
Extremely disorganized. Puts tutorial Qs up late Made the test the night before while on strong drugs for his headaches-1/2 MC questions didn't have a correct choice, & 1/3 of test was on material he told us would not be on the test. TAs are incompetent.,1.0,4.0
Eccentric I guess, but TA from hell this year. What did life do to Jennifer anyway?,4.0,3.0
Cozzarin looks like he's on drugs. Oh yeah... what's up with him and Jennifer Percival? Is he her lap dog? It's like he's her head TA.,1.5,3.0
Decent guy, but doesn't teach too well. Notes are incoherent and often skips crucial steps.,3.0,2.0
Just plain stupid.,1.0,1.0
He's really a pretty nice guy. Just because you got caught cheating, don't take it out on him. You cheated, you got caught, face the consequences instead of lashing out on a proff like a little cry-baby.,4.0,3.0
If you Elec's gave him a little respect in class, maybe he'd return it. I like this guy, he makes random hilarious comments.,4.0,2.0
Elecs are cheaters, and he caught them real good...,4.0,4.0
Worst Prof Ever! What is he speaking? Jamaican?,1.0,3.0
Worst teacher ever!,1.0,3.0
cocky and unhelpful. thanks cozzarin for putting us to sleep.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
elec gives all the bad comments, conclusion, all econ profs are evil,4.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
How reasonable of him to give every ELEC 0 on that question...,1.0,5.0
unwilling to admit gross errors in judgement,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
Had him for one class as a sub. And I thought MY prof was bad. Coz is just awful,1.5,5.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
Buy a different textbook, and learn it by yourself.,1.0,2.0
Shouldn't be in the teaching profession,1.0,5.0
I have to take that freaking course again!,1.5,5.0
Seems a little bitter,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
lada's are good cars,1.0,5.0
It was great to take Prof Telep again. His advanced script course only has one assignment weekly, two if you're submitting your script for that week. Prof Telep is great on feedback and is excellent at giving critiques and helping you improve your work! One of the best writing professors in the department!,5.0,2.0
Phenomenal professor! Be open to learning and working hard. Weekly required posts as with any class, and he posts clear grading criteria. Work hard and bring your best writing. Prof. Telep is truly a master at what he teaches and makes the course very engaging.,5.0,3.0
Prof Telep's script writing class is a great introduction to script writing. There is one assignment due a week and he is very flexible when it comes to emergencies and changing due dates due to hurricanes. Be ready to share your work via discussion posts and write several replies for each discussion. Very fun and educational course.,5.0,2.0
Very helpful feedback first few weeks of class, auto pilot thereafter. Genuine interest in students becoming good writers. But watch assigned word count. Unclear instructions on word limit (18 pages versus # of words) for story first draft, which 30% of grade. Huge penalty for exceeding words. Took the entire semester to claw my way back to an A.,4.0,3.0
Best course at UCF. Both professors were awesome as teachers and people, and I had so much fun going outside my major learning about video game design. There's a ton of outside group work necessary, but big projects and exams are essentially graded for effort and completion. If you have a chance to take this seminar with him and McDaniel, do it!,5.0,2.0
I have him online for screenwriting 2 and fiction workshop 2. Easy A. lots of papers and feedback to read and give in both classes. It's tiring reading everyone's things, but he gives your paper good feedback.,5.0,2.0
It was course dedicated to Star Wars, and the professor is a huge Star Wars nerd. Needless to say, even though it was not lecture heavy, I learned more in this class than I did in my others. He's awesome. There were three textbooks used in the course and all were required, yet easy, readings. I'd take this course again in a heartbeat.,5.0,2.0
Professor Telep gives a lot of good feedback and plays fair with grades. He gives tough assignments but also gives examples of how to complete them. He has a great understanding of the game design industry and is just trying to prepare students for real world challenges. He's super approachable. You'll get out what you put in, effort-wise.,5.0,3.0
I took Telep for a Star Wars class. It was amazing. Discussion posts every week, clear expectations, awesome class lectures, nothing was very difficult. He said attendance counted but he only took attendance randomly, so watch out. Awesome class, awesome teacher.,5.0,3.0
He is one the best Creative Writing teachers at UCF. He gives specific feedback that actually is useful on all of your work. Most English teachers at UCF like certain genres, and if you don't write in their style, you don't get a good grade. However, Prof. Telep accepts all work and really focuses on craft over genre.,5.0,2.0
The class is all workshop with no book. I got 100s on most critiques. However, the grade is weighted. You write one paper in this class, and it counts as 30% for the first draft and 30% for the final draft. He is a tough grader on these papers. I'm a senior CRW major and this was not easy. I didn't learn anything in the class, and hard to get an A.,3.0,4.0
I adore this professor. He gives good feedback without sounding condescending or making you feel bad about your writing. He actually makes you feel great about your writing even if he's correcting it. I have him for CRW 3610 as well, and it's been such an easy semester taking two workshops with him! He's an easy grader as well.,5.0,2.0
Easily one of the best professors I've had in my four years of college. He has the ability to give you constructive criticism without making you feel awful about your writing and is more than willing to help. He keeps class funny and is highly respectable. I'd recommend taking any class taught by him.,5.0,2.0
What an excellent and inspiring teacher. I aspire to be like Mr. Peter Telep if I grow up. He is an accomplished author and screen writer and teacher and is just flat out awesome.,5.0,1.0
Best class I've taken online hands down. What I loved about this class is that you had the freedom to write anything and express yourself within his guidelines. He gave feedback each week on the material, and was a fair grader. I took the class 6 weeks and got an A! Just pay attention, and do the assignments, and youll get an A!,5.0,1.0
This was an interesting class. Although creative writing for non-majors, it simply focused on screenplays. No textbook, just 4 movies were reviewed. Very minimal writing. You get A's if you follow guidelines and hit deadlines. Barely interacted with Telep - most emails/updates/grades came from his TA Dianne Richardson. Easy class; still learned!,5.0,1.0
I know Telep is a film guy and we can learn a lot from films but that's it! why? anyways, this was the most organized online class ever. he made it really easy to find everything and didn't make it confusing. the work is easy.,5.0,1.0
This review is for the online Scriptwriting class, CRW 3610. I've never done any scriptwriting, but now that I've takent his class, I love it. Prof. Telep was an excellent teacher. He responds quickly to emails and is always available for help. I have already signed up for Advanced Scriptwriting. Highly recommended!,5.0,3.0
Great class - watch 4 movies, take 4 tests on them - participate in discussions every week (3 postings) and you can call it a day. Very smart and witty professor.,5.0,1.0
Funny, helpful and constructive: is there anything else you could ask for in a professor? He gave me pretty good feedback and he was very clear about his expectations for the class.,4.5,2.0
The best online class I have ever taken, and the only one thus far that has left me thoroughly satisfied. Telep's feedback was always constructive and encouraging, and all of his expectations are straightforward and clear. I really learned in this class. Excellent professor, can't wait to take him again.,5.0,2.0
This was a college class? Took it online and it was the best thing I did, since I was working full time and taking an otherwise difficult coarse load. Easy, easy, easy A, good GPA padder if you need one. All we did was watch four films, quiz on each one, and short discussion each week. No actual writing. 30 minutes a week of work, tops, plus films.,4.0,1.0
Perfect Creative Writing professor. Subjective yet has expectations. Assignments consisted of doing one activity a week and reviewing it in a group. Very funny and gives great feedback. Accessible and easy to work with. Definitely recommended. I'm taking him again.,5.0,1.0
A challenging class, but fair. Mr. Telep kept us on our toes. Really funny and great use of humor to keep the class fresh. I really liked the format it was taught with another instructor. Oh and nice tight buns on this one.,5.0,3.0
Excellent. I have taken a few writing classes and it often seems that writing is an extracricular activity. Not so with Mr. Telep he directs you to your fiction and that is where your main efforts are directed. Highly recommened.,5.0,3.0
Took Prof. Telep online, and was thoroughly impressed. The arrangement and utilization of the WebCT layout was great, and the course objectives were clear and effectively pursued. I found the class easy because I did my work, but I can't speak for everyone. I thought Prof. Telep made great use of WebCT for a workshop class, which isn't easy to do,5.0,3.0
ok, who the *** said this prof is hot??!@ his class is easy, but if you expect to LEARN anything about writing, take someone else! he's more into being your buddy than your teacher...,1.0,5.0
Fun guy, a bit egotistical. The textbook was horrible and he used it as a bible. Groupwork up the butt in this class. Groups present chapters, which I would've preferred him to do. Gets upset pretty easily (immature). Don't write profane things. Don't know how he grades really. Dunno what my grade is and it's the last month of the semester.,5.0,1.0
Awsome guy!! Make sure you go to class and particpate and all is fine. He has good advice to give and he kept me interested. I liked how he let me use my imagination he doesnt tell you what to write about which is nice.,5.0,4.0
Telep is awesome, I was dreading comp 2 until I walked into his class. It was reduced time w/ no online component. He gets right to the point and is very clear on everything, one of my favorite classes and I hate English. If you get a chance to take Telep, do it.,5.0,1.0
Telep is a cool guy, I'd want to have a beer with him, watch the game with him, or just shoot the sh*t with him. This class left much to be desired. Seems easy but tough grader on the short story and the poems.Student taught 90& of the time. More focused on writing his own books. He has a lot to offer, it's to bad he didn't really use it.,4.0,4.0
Really funny guy, kept the class interesting.,5.0,3.0
Splendid Pick! He encourages ingenuity and independence (as should all professors). Go to class and enjoy.,4.0,4.0
Telep is not the kind of teacher you kind B.S. your way through class with. Yet, he is a cool guy and very helpul outside of class. He doesnt focus on Englis as much as getting you to think independently.,4.5,3.0
He is sooo awesome. He is such a cool person and keeps you paying attention in class. Definitely take it!,5.0,2.0
I am learning nothing in this class.,3.5,1.0
Worst professor in the history of mankind!,1.0,5.0
I agree with the below blue comments. You will not gain anything academically. This course was a waste of my time and money. I wish I took it with another professor. A below comment stated that some students were odd, but I believe the professor was odd. My advice is to avoid this professor if you want to become a good writer.,1.0,5.0
Don't waste your time and money because you won't learn anything from him.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Awesome teacher! Ive taken him for tons of CRW classes. Easy to access. You email him...and literally 2 seconds later you get a reply. VERY down to earth. And he WILL be forward with you when its needed. Great. Funny. Helpful. An All around great guy too. If I saw him at a bar, I'd buy him a beer.,5.0,3.0
This was like my favorite online class ever (except dang, what is this about him being hot? lol) Great feedback on the poems and stories. I kind of wish there was more feedback up to that point though. You have to do the work, but if you do, you are rewarded. Some of the people in my group were kind of odd, but that's another story.,5.0,2.0
The worst teacher I have ever had!,1.0,5.0
I gained nothing from this class, the teacher fills the schedule with busy work that are cliche and redundant. I am not impressed, in fact, I'd like my money back or a class with a different teacher paid for my UCF. This guy wasn't worth my time.,1.0,5.0
I'm in his class right now, its an online course, and it is absolutely worthless. The assignments are **** and he never posts anything but vauge statements once in a blue moon. The guys barely a presence in his own class and the class is a freaking joke.,1.0,5.0
Thought the class was going to be a joke, but I actually learned a lot of useful information relating to language arts.,5.0,1.0
Insightful,5.0,1.0
He thinks hes so awesome and cracks jokes all the time. However he just a sad 40 something trying to hide his ineffectiveness as a teacher behind establishing a friendship with you.He's a loser.,1.0,2.0
ehh...i'ed take kesler instead. avoid it if you can.,2.0,4.0
He's an awesome teacher. He's always making jokes and he keeps the class interested. Take his class you won't regret it.,4.5,1.0
great teacher only had to worry about 4 core papers as long as you do ok on all 4 ur guranteed to pass, great assistance outside of class, very insightful, great lectures, classes usually cut short, overall awesome professor, down earth and REAL.,5.0,1.0
Great class. Telep lectures great and makes things easy and relaxed enough for someone who might be a little skeptical about taking a Creative Writing class, but even if you're already great writer, you can learn a lot from him. He critiques your work well and gives great recommendations, while not making you feel silly. Amazing personality.,5.0,1.0
I was dreading this class because of all the creative writing horror stories being passed around IT students. Mr. Telep was awesome though. It was a very fun class and as long as you show up and do your work, you'll get an A.,5.0,1.0
If you do the required work, everything goes smoothly. Very easy going. Always willing to help and clear up any questions. Lots of group work on Core papers.,5.0,2.0
A lot of independent work. He helps you step by step in each paper. Had a great time in this class. He was like our friend and enjoys teaching.,5.0,3.0
awesome,5.0,1.0
Shwing! awesome teacher, very insightful, kind of arogant but other wise amazing.,5.0,1.0
Amazing prof. Easily the most helpful prof, he is an established novelist and doesn't hesitate to offer advise to students. Very easy and laid back to boot.,5.0,1.0
Telep is one of the best professors as UCF. He's smart, helpful and funny. He's also an established professional in the field and can offer good insider advice. He's willing to work with students outside of class, You are graded on your manuscripts, there's no pointless tests. He grades pretty easy if you show the effort. Great professor.,5.0,1.0
Hey's simply fabulous. I love Telep. I wish he taught higher level classes because he's just so much fun and he's really knowledgable on his scriptwriting. Exactly how a creative writing university teacher should be. Take him if you get the chance, he's wonderful.,5.0,1.0
he makes a funny look when students are trying to be "deep" and they are making a stupid point haha. AWESOME TEACHER, he looks like Ray Ramono. DEF TAKE TELEP. outfits are always entertaining, big on loafers, high waisted pants and shirts w/ zippers....CUE THE AWESOME TEACHER MUSIC..telep=the sh*t,5.0,1.0
Great teacher, really tells you what he wants in the papers. I definitly reccomend, but make sure you go to class, and that won't be hard because it's not like his class is boring. He isn't picky on the topics at all, and grades pretty easily. If you can take him, go ahead and do so :),5.0,2.0
This guy is horrible, run as far away as you can...and quickly. He's a hard teacher, i dont wish him upon anybody. worst experience of my young life,1.0,5.0
learned more than i ever thought i would. you learn about more than just english in Telep's class. my favorite class at u.c.f. you're lucky if you get this guy,5.0,2.0
take this class, you'll be glad,5.0,3.0
awesome,5.0,1.0
My favorite teacher ever! Very clear and understanding. He is hysterical, and you will learn a lot. Cute too.,5.0,3.0
Seriously, take this class. You would be crazy not to. He is kind and very understanding and gets his point across without going crazy with work or boring you to death. He is very clear about what he wants. Easy A.. my favorite class this semester by far.,5.0,1.0
He doesn't require a lot from his students, but you really learn a lot in this class. He is a lot of fun, and really knows what he is talking about. There are a lot of little papers to write, but they are fun! He isn't picky on what you write about. He is very open minded. Excellent techer!,4.5,3.0
Very fun teacher! He makes it very clear exactly what he wants in your papers. He's kind of strict about attendance, but doesn't make us come on Fridays. Plus we usually get to leave early!,5.0,1.0
Really looked forward to Telep's class. Canceled class Fridays, which was awesome!! Lecture on mondays and group work on wednesdays. He's a little short on his critique, which sucks when your really looking to become a better writer. Great prof though! Would reccomend him to anyone.,5.0,1.0
Honestly, I couldn't have asked for a better Comp. II professor. His laid back style combined with his professional writing background has made for a great class experience. You can also find his novels on Amazon.com.,3.5,1.0
Mr. T is awesome. He is very laid back, but expects the best so you'd best work hard. As long as you do your work and post assignments on time you will do just fine. Don't slack off, as if you try, this can be the easiest class you've taken.,4.0,3.0
Web course teaches dialogue, critical analysis, MLA format. Efficient knowledge cramming, done with wit and style. Are you a poor writer? Don't take this course online; go to class and get the extra help if you MUST have an "A". Great Prof.,5.0,1.0
such a nice funny guy... very helpful, no final, and he is cute too, class less than an hour long most of the time... great english class to take!!!!,5.0,2.0
He's too funny. But, we didn't learn too much about the format of scriptwriting, which he said we wouldn't do. It's more about writing something that is interesting, than writing something that will pass a checklist exam.,4.5,2.0
His grading is tough towards good writers and lenient towards mediocre ones. I got a B in his class and an A in Owens for comp. 2. The inverse was true for some of my classmates who couldn't write as well. All you average writers will like him.,4.5,3.0
I had him for an online course and still managed to learn. The little assignments you have seem pointless if you're an idiot. If you keep up with the work every day, not only will you do well, but you'll learn a lot.,5.0,1.0
This guy is the best teacher at U.C.F. He makes writing papers fun and never a hassle. Very helpful and real cool guy,5.0,2.0
Very cool prof, would definitely recommend his classes. Laid back attitude & really helps out with writing problems. No classes on Friday are a huge plus, especially at 8AM,4.5,2.0
He's a pretty cool guy for the most part. He can be a little too laid back so you don't really know what exactly he wants. I do like not having class on Friday, though!,2.5,2.0
I loved his class! I only wish I had his class for ENC1102! No class on fridays was a plus!,5.0,2.0
great teacher, had him for an online course. very helpful and i definatly learned a lot about my writing from him!!,5.0,3.0
Best teacher I have had so far at UCF.I highly recommend him to everone! Friday's out of class writing. Makes coming to class something you want to do. Plus there is just something about him that makes him so hot!!!,5.0,1.0
He is really awesome! Had him twice and he still remembered me a year later! Great guy will do anything to make sure you learn (even out of class learning Fridays!)!,5.0,2.0
This man is the best!!!! He helps in every way possible. Just come in with your rough draft and he will help you to correct it b4 the final draft is due. Just go to classes M & W and Fridays you have OOCAs(Out of class assignments). TAKE HIS CLASS!!!,5.0,1.0
i took the online course. Telep wasn't too helpful, not very fair. Requires a lot of work, most of it is bs. and if you miss something he will be sure to take credit off. He writes terrible science fiction. i'd reccommend Barry Mauer, if possible.,2.5,3.0
AWESOME teacher! He is so smart and really helps you out on the papers. The topics are so much fun! Best teacher ever! Def. take his class!!!!,5.0,1.0
Mr. Telep is an awesome teacher! His class is fun because he is always cracking jokes. He grades easily, and as long as you attend of the classes you should have no problem getting an A. Take his class :),5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Very nice guy. Fun class!,5.0,1.0
Nice guy, take his MWF class and fridays are scratched. must attend the class though. He doesn't overwork you in this course like others ive seen,4.0,2.0
He's awesome! Just show up to class (which is very fun), and as long as you have in your essays what is looking for...you will do good! He's just greatttttt! & hot too..lol,5.0,1.0
Fun class on M, W, F .,5.0,1.0
This is one of the classes I don't mind going to. He's lots of fun!,4.0,3.0
Great teacher. Real easy to get an A. No tests! No Friday classes! Must attend class but you should want to go to class anyway because it's fun to go to.,4.5,1.0
Mr. Telep is the man.,5.0,2.0
Very interested in students and is genuinely interested in helping them develop. Wonderful guy!,5.0,4.0
Mr. Telep rocks, one of the funnest courses I've had, and one of the easiest.,5.0,1.0
mr telep is awesome, very enthusiastic and relates very well to his students.,5.0,2.0
extremely funny, no exams, fridays off, easy grader on essays,5.0,1.0
Awesome, we only had to go to 2 classes a week(out of 3), nice, funny, no exams,4.5,1.0
good teacher, I want to take another of this classes,4.5,1.0
Great teacher, very fun class!,5.0,2.0
He ROCKS! A fantastic teacher, extremely understanding & FAIR. I love this guy!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,1.0
Professor Thomas is highly intelligent and really has a passion for what he teaches. He is willing to help students who put in the effort and he recognizes the students who set themselves apart. He is a good guy and a good teacher, but don't take his class as an easy A elective course.,4.0,4.0
Great lecturer. Manages to keep your attention and concentration even though the class is at 7:55 am. Not a class to take if you are looking for an easy A, but definitely one of the best classes, along with Arch002, I have ever taken.,5.0,4.0
Prof. Thomas is the perfect college professor--- charming, knowledgable (to say it mildly), and wise. He holds students to a very high standard, yet is also kind and understanding. He cares about his students. It is apparent that he is thrilled by the course matter. Dense, inspirational lectures peppered with light humor.,5.0,4.0
Attend Class, much easier to do well on exams. Great lecturer, even early in the morning.,4.0,4.0
wonderful teacher. prepare for the essay questions on exams by really listening during lectures when he talks about the implications of some movement or architectural style and how it's connected to others that he's been talking about. then write down detailed examples. times like these are the most important to take good notes.,4.5,3.0
Bruce's class was pretty fun considering it was at 7:55am. He always writes the stuff for exams on the board before class. That's basically all you need to know. I'd suggest getting to lectures because the text sucks to read.,4.0,4.0
he is a good prof. and it was an overall good class except it was 7:55 in the morning. text is really expensive and not needed, hardly opened it once.,4.0,2.0
Very interesting guy-he actually smiles in lecture. He's a real morning person, so make sure you can handle that. He may be a hard grader, but I appreciate his sincere feedback, considering he must read 100+ student writings each time one is collected (exam or term paper),5.0,3.0
Bruce is the man. Best lecturer at the school, period.,4.5,2.0
Bruce is excellent when it comes to maintaining an interesting lecture. He is clear with what he says and writesdown all the vocab you will need to know for the exams at the start of each class so there will be no surprises. As far as reading, only necessary to skim book before an exam.,4.5,2.0
No Comments,3.0,5.0
the best, fun, straighforward, concise, a few funny stories to keep you awake, and why does everyone complain about his paper grading? you must be writing incomplete sentences and not spell checking .. his grade is an honest reflection of your work,5.0,3.0
This is an easy class as long as you attended--the 7:55 time is not the easiest to wake up for. Taking good class notes is essential. As long as you study before the exams and do at least a cursory reading of the book you will be fine.,5.0,2.0
This guy is an insanely hard grader when it comes to papers.,3.5,4.0
Favorite professor at Lehigh. He rules. Take every class he offers, it's well worth the work.,5.0,4.0
Very straight forward and organized with his lecture. Take good notes on what he says, go to lecture, study your notes before the test, scan the book for vocab and you're all set. Believe it or not, he will keep you awake at 7:55 am in a dark room.,4.5,2.0
Bruce is the man. I've never seen a professor as enthusiastic about his work as he is. I've also never been so awake and interested in a class that early in the morning.. Yeah, reading the book is crucial.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,5.0
do need to read book to get A,3.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Great prof, he kept things interesting at 7:55 AM, no need to read the book!,5.0,4.0
Professor Ou-Yang is a nice guy, though his explanations weren't really clear at times. The tests are multiple choice and aren't really hard. If possible, try to get Ruth Malenda or Jon Glueckstein for recitation; they are the best TA's to go to for help.,3.0,3.0
I actually really like Professor Ou-Yang. He is a thousand times more interesting than Licini or Hickman. I recommend trying to get him for Physics if you can. His tests are multiple choice and ridiculously easy. Try to get Dr. Glueckstein as your TA if you can, he's also very knowledgeable. Avoid Kanofsky at all costs.,3.5,2.0
Professor Ou-Yang is a very great guy. Had a conflict with finals and let me take his final a different day, even though it was short notice. Recitation is a must, lecture not very clear. Highly recommend Paola Cereghetti for TA.,3.5,2.0
Can't agree with the previous comments more. This professor is a good guy to play golf, tennis, etc., but is not a good guy to seek when you want to learn something new. He'll tell the class the materials he wants to talk about on that day, give all the homework problems on the board, and write down equations, but never explain the concept.,2.0,3.0
He's a nice guy, but I haven't learned a single thing from Ou-Yang. Everything I know about physics so far has come from the textbook or the TA. If you do the hw, read the text, go to recitation once in a while, you'll do fine.,2.0,2.0
awful teacher, he reproduces the pictures already in the book and rewrites the book questions on the board but offers no help. I've had worse, but he's definitely up there. Get a tutor right away or teach yourself everything.,2.5,3.0
If you speak english, you wont understand his sentences. If you aren't blind, his "notes" make no sense. c;ass is 100% pointless. recitation helps though. Tests are like the homework.,1.0,3.0
More interested in learning people's names than actually teaching any of the material. The awesome T.A. taught us everything and Ou-Yang is not very good at the homework help either. He gives you hints that are unhelpful and unclear. Very nice guy but teaching is lacking.,2.0,4.0
He is very personab le and willing to go to great lengths to help you outside of class.,4.5,3.0
I want him as my pet! He is such a cute old asian man, but other than that he is very commited to physics but he teaches the conceptual part only really. Very approachable and friendly. I highly recommend.,4.0,3.0
Ou- Yang is a great guy...very personable and approachable... not a great professor...unfocussed likes to tell stories about physics instead of actually teaching the material.... But, if you actually do the problems you'll be fine...material isn't hard,2.5,1.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
Nice Guy, and wants to help people out, but can be confusing at times,3.5,3.0
This guy was a riot. Better English than other Chinese. Curves to a B+!,2.5,2.0
The class was composed of quizzes and essays with peer responses. You are only required to do three essays, and two quizzes get dropped. You will need to read the textbook and assigned readings. Her feedback was VERY minimal on papers, and she is a harsh grader. I was confused by her grades, as she would leave glowing feedback with lower grades.,3.0,2.0
She's just such a bright and amazing lady. You can tell she really enjoys this course and teaches it so well. After taking this course I looked up every course she taught so I could take it with her. She's kind and understanding and her course helped me grow so much as a writer and really taught me so much about analyzing hard texts.,5.0,1.0
Dr. Logan is sweet, understanding, and considerate. The workload is not unbearable, but she understands if it gets too much. Research components were definitely the hardest part, but she did her best to accommodate everyone and help during the process. Amazing professor who genuinely cares for her students!,4.0,4.0
This is a pretty relaxed course. A "sandbox" and essay posting are due on alternating weeks, but you only have to complete three out of the six sandboxes. The tests are pretty simple, but make sure to check in with the amount of reading because it can vary a lot!,5.0,2.0
She's a fair grader and gives good feedback, as a lot of the assignments are based on your own ideas in regards to the lesson for the week. Even though I took this class online, Dr. Logan was super nice through her comments and wanted us to succeed. The number one thing I can say for this class is that it's the most reading-heavy class ever.,3.0,4.0
Professor Logan seemed very sweet and always gave good feedback, the only thing that drove me crazy was the course organization. The assignments weren't planned out, she would just put them in at random. Didn't know when the final paper's due date was the entire class until she finally put it in (and only two days before the due date).,2.0,3.0
Prof has made the habit of posting assignment instructions <4 days before they're due. This prof is NOT made for online classes. The final paper (12 pages) was given with 6 day notice, and 4 of those days were over Thanksgiving break. The assignments are on the syllabus but I'm not sure how we're expected to work with no instructions at all.,1.0,4.0
Professor Logan started the class off well but she took personal offense when asking our opinion on her favorite textbook and when she got an answer she didn't like, she resorted to giving quizzes and grading students on how much they enjoyed the required books. Incredibly feminist and honestly if you bring it up in a positive light, you will pass.,2.0,4.0
You get quizzes and reading from your textbooks. And essays based on the textbooks. We had 6 thinksheets and had to do 5 of them. 5 sandboxes and need to do 4 of them. With this happening during COVID-19 she added more to both and even took away some homework and quizzes, but not an easy class.,3.0,4.0
We had cheap books to buy about 5 of them. Was not a hard class. You have readings to do along with quizzes for each book. We had to do "SANDBOXES", responses to classmates sandboxes and postings. Every other week. The good thing is she gives 5 different books and you only need three sandboxes, postings and responses. and she drops the lowest ones.,4.0,2.0
Dr. Logan is very helpful and nice. She really wants her students to learn. Even though there is a lot of reading, the class is pretty good. There is one group project and weekly readings and quizzes. If you don't mind reading a decent amount, take her class.,4.0,3.0
She is a wonderful professor who is very passionate for her craft. Be prepared for a lot of reading, annotate your readings and participating in class is mandatory. I would take her again in a heartbeat because she is caring, wants you to suceed and is very helpful if you need clarification concerning the text.,5.0,4.0
The class I took was half in class and half online. I do not understand the negative reviews. The organization of the class was iffy at times and she isn't the best with technology, but she is a great teacher and her class is really easy as long as you put in a small amount of effort. She really cares about English and her students.,4.0,2.0
Dr. Logan is definitely passionate about American Literature (particularly female studies) and is kind in general. However, she can be frazzle-minded at times and values participation.,3.0,4.0
Sadly, another professor who seems distant from students. Doesn't really interact with students and helping them learn material. No peer interaction as well. My advice? If you aren't a people person, literature classes online are best for you. Put in mediocre work and received a mediocre grade. Material condensed (summer term class) so very intense,3.0,3.0
If you legitimately care about advancing your writing, do not take this woman. She left no feedback on countless discussions and even exams. Her grades are based on whether she likes you or not, plain and simple, not on your writing ability. Dr. Logan really made me question what exactly I was paying for, which is never a good feeling.,2.0,4.0
I liked Dr. L so much that I took 4 of her classes! (I imagine the students complaining about her personality didn't read or participate much.) She's sweetly quirky, cares about her students, and encourages discussion. It's not hard to get a good grade- try to at least skim the readings and to participate. A bit disorganized but still a great prof.,3.0,2.0
Very sweet professor who knows her stuff. Reading the chapters thoroughly is more important than coming to class but who wouldn't advise doing both? Weekly online quizzes open book to clarify what you've read and there aren't too many papers so make them count, good feedback.,3.5,3.0
Dr. Logan is a really interesting Professor. She can seem a little absent minded, BUT she's very knowledgeable and passionate about what she teaches - all of that comes through. She loves good discussions in class and is always respectful and enthusiastic when students participate. I liked her a lot.,3.5,2.0
Lit class, easy to pass. Attendance not mandatory to pass. Only discussions (face to face class) with occasional online postings. Loves students who talk but she's not clear on directions. Few assignments, lenient on the due date. Very involved in the class and forms it to the students likesdislikes.,2.5,2.0
If she likes you, maybe her class may not be so bad. But she likes to hear herself talk so even in "class" discussion, she'll be talking more than the students-I've been told by her that I've added nothing to the conversation! Her requirements are not at all clear and even if you back up everything if it doesn't match her idea, your grade suffers,1.0,4.0
Took the class online-- very unorganized. She kept announcing extended due dates but was not very clear about which ones they were(the announcements were pretty jumbled). She seems nice, just hard to follow. Grades pretty easy though.,1.5,2.0
Confusing, unorganized, does not know what she wants. She has no guidelines for assignments but when she gets it, and if it doesn't meet her imaginary standard, she penalizes you. Her online portion had no focus, her lectures had no focus, and she rambles. Take her if you like being confused, otherwise... skip it.,1.0,4.0
Do not take her if there's an online portion to her class. She's computer illiterate, which only contributes to her lack of organization. Her zany love for English will actually make you despise the major altogether. It's unfortunate she's a reflection of the English department, when there are many other inspiring English teachers.,1.0,4.0
I do not understand these poor reviews. I have taken three classes with her and loved every single one! She changed my life by making me actually enjoy succeeding in school. She is invested in her students like no other, and WILL NOT BABY YOU. If you need easy assignments and hand holding, look elsewhere. She has become a personal mentor and friend,5.0,3.0
Logan is lovely. It is a lot of work. A LOT. It's not for everyone. Her class disscussions are interesting. Follow her directions and come to class. Remember she is there to help you, and grades take forever. She will reassure you if you are on the right track or not. Just ask her if you're scared.,4.5,3.0
Best English prof i've had so far. Made class discussions interesting, dosen't have a high and mighty attitude at all. She may have gotten off track and silly at some points, but I didn't mind. Very reasonable, will take again.,3.5,3.0
GET ON HER GOOD SIDE ASAP. If she likes you/the class, you'll be okay. If not, watch out. Won't give any grades until the end of the semester so you're always worrying. Will give pop quizzes if no one talks in discussion. Our class basically taught while she sat back and took notes. Was sweet to us, but very confusing and tricky. YOU'LL READ A LOT!,2.0,4.0
Professor Logan is amazing. She is one of the most brilliant women I have ever met. She genuinely cares about her students - she met with me for over an hour at Barnes and Nobles to discuss one of my essays. If you put in the effort required you will receive an A. Classes are always fun and she brings in food every Friday. I highly her class,5.0,3.0
she is the worst teacher i've ever had. she is unorganized and childish but she thinks that she is awesome. she made personal issues between students a public to the whole class in the name of "doing the right thing". she alienated students talking about their grades to teh whole class. do yourself a favor and do not take her class.,1.0,3.0
If you're like most UCF students, you won't like her. If, however, you came to college to actually learn, you'll love her. Don't let her personality put you off--she isn't here to be your friend. Just do your work, and take advantage of her amazing brain. I took her three times and earned 2 A's and a B. I could actually feel my brain working.,4.0,5.0
I was really looking forward to taking Women's Studies with Dr. Logan, but I ended up being disappointed. She failed to generate interest with the students, her lectures were unorganized and often off topic, and her questions were loaded and not explained very well. I like Dr. Logan as a person, but not as a teacher.,3.0,3.0
Worst english teacher I've had. Condescending, boring, and crazy just as everyone said.,1.0,3.0
I don't know what the fuss is about Prof. Logan, but she wasn't at all condescending. Yes, some test questions may be confusing, so just be sure to clarify things before answering them. Make sure to be VERY specific and bring up details from the reading, and you will be fine.,4.5,3.0
It's true that Dr. Logan is smart, and I found her lectures interesting. In addition, her class helped me become a better writer. But her attitude is often condescending, if not insulting towards stdents and there is little to no feedback, tests and one paper were the only feedback we got in her class, even though there was a weekly posts.,2.0,4.0
Dr. Logan is challenging, wicked smart, believes in REAL learning. She has gone above and beyond to support me academically, personally and just cares about her students who also care... a mentor I will never forget.,3.5,5.0
This lady is wicked smart but she goes from fairly reasonable to cranky and hateful in a heartbeat. She seems to really hate many of her students but she really knows her subject and you'll learn from her if you can stay on her good side.,2.5,5.0
Dr. Logan will teach you more than almost any other teacher you will ever have. If you pay attention and don't expect to get an A because you SHOW UP, then you might have a mentor....,5.0,4.0
Insane amount of work load for this class. Boring subject matter and silly assignments. Irritating to listen to and impossible to please. Avoid if possible.,3.0,4.0
Very aloof and harsh, assigns horrid crap for students to read and write about. Just one of those people with an irritating presence, made worse by having to respect her as a teacher. Avoid her if you can!!,1.0,5.0
she will teach you how to write good papers. she is, however, somewhat flaky and assignes a disproportionate amount of work (way too much),5.0,4.0
If you want an easy A, don't take her! However, she is a GREAT professor. She makes you think and she truly makes you push yourself.,5.0,4.0
If you are lazy and not interested in pushing yourself, don't take her class. If, however, you really desire to learn and challenge yourself to examine things in new ways, Logan is one of the best.,4.0,4.0
If you aren't one of her favorites, then do not bother taking this class. She comes in pissed off half the time, and the other half is lost in LA LA LAND. PLAYS FAVORITES BE CAREFUL. i dont see how anyone enjoyed this class,1.0,4.0
It makes me mad that the professor Dr. Logan is is not reflected here. She is an exceptional teacher who works hard to really give her students the most rewarding educational experience she can.,5.0,4.0
She cares about her students, their progress, writing, academic goals, strong feminist. challenging, really looks at your papers, supportive... who can't love Logan and her classes?,5.0,5.0
What planet did this woman come from? Perhaps she will go back if we all clap our hands together . . . come on everyone, clap your hands . . . there's no place like home Dr. Logan, there's no place like home . . .,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
Dr. Logan taught me how to push myslef. The lessons she taught me will never diminish.,4.5,5.0
What was going through this woman's mind no one knows. Couldn't control outbursts from crazed students or herself on occassion. Unclear! Incompetent! Didn't get a single paper back the entire semester!,1.0,4.0
This was the least personable teacher I have ever had. How she missed a career in telemarketing is beyond me.,1.5,3.0
Her Feminist Theory class was one of the worst classes I have ever had. She was unclear as to what she expected. Questions brought up in class were answered only by other students, she left the teaching up to the students. She has no clue,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
Dr. Logan breathes new life into old literature. Her daring perspectives challenge students to look at all literature in a new light and to push themselves in the realm of theory. Her Contemp Women's Lit class rocks!,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Inspired me to take responsibility for my work. She is difficult, but it is worth it.,4.5,4.0
Energetic and brilliant. Ask any question and she'll know the answer.,5.0,5.0
Learning-centered and SUPER interesting!,5.0,4.0
I have taken a couple classes with Prof. Najar. If you have taken history classes before, her class isn't anything new. You do have to read but she doesn't require you to buy any textbooks. As long as you do the readings and participate, it is not difficult to get a good grade. She also is very nice and gives great feedback!,4.0,3.0
She made me hate history. The class is a just meandering discussion about class and gender that goes in circles. There is no guidance whatsoever. Also, you basically have to say that women played a larger role in basically any major historical event that has ever happened than is often thought. Just awful.,1.0,5.0
Crazy amount of reading. No tests, only papers and occasional pop quiz. Talking only once every class would be seen as a C for participation. Just way way way too much reading of repitive articles. Have to annotate about 40 pages of reading per class. Super analytical of papers and thesis statements.,2.0,3.0
She is absolutely awful. Just sits there and provides no direction for class discussion. Lets people talk about things that have no relevance to readings whatsoever. Made me hate history. No sense of humor. Extremely unpleasant person. Would rather have the plague than take a class with her. She is the definition of terrible.,1.0,5.0
She's very book smart.,2.0,5.0
An absolute *itc*. She gives female professors a bad name and reputation. Save yourself stress and take another course.,1.0,4.0
She expects you to participate in discussions every class, one comment isn't enough. She's nice and actually wants you to do well but can be really intimidating. The midterm and finals are pretty straight forward though and the material is interesting. Too much reading though. She teaches well and goes through most of it. Never emails back though.,3.5,4.0
A complete hypocrite. Holds your work to standards that even she doesn't live up to. Her expectations are unclear, but rather than admitting that, she takes it out on you. Does not answer emails. Is difficult to find for office hours. Is cold and heartless. If possible, avoid classes with her.,1.0,5.0
Wants you to do your best--can be somewhat intense but very helpful and supportive. Taking Historical Research isn't exactly fun but I learned a lot, and we didn't have class pretty frequently in the middle of the semester so we could do our own research/writing instead.,4.0,4.0
Way too much reading, papers not returned in a timely fashion, not the most respectful towards grad students. Be prepared to work hard and still not get the grade you deserve.,3.0,4.0
gives a lot of reading, but as long as you do the work and participate in class you will get a decent grade. very helpful if you go to office hours, she is very willing to help clarify any problems you are having. trys to make you work to your potential,4.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Puts her work ahead of your work. I thought teachers were here for students.,1.0,4.0
Professor Najar is amazing. If you want to work hard and learn a lot you should definitely take a class with her. If you do the work and participate you will be rewarded with a great experience. History of Sexuality and the Family is an awesome class!,4.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Stay away from this professor. While she is friendly and helpful at times, she can be a real pain in the butt. She gives many unnecessary reading assignments and will put you to sleep in class. Did I mention a lot of really boring reading assignments?,3.0,4.0
This class was difficult, I'll admit. However, she made herself available for extra help all the time and helped me pull my grade up a full letter grade. You MUST do all assigned reading to survive, and check Blackboard constantly.,5.0,3.0
i took najar for sexuality and the family and learned a lot... i will agree that some readings were boring but helpful in learning the material. she is dedicated to her students and a wonderful resource to take advantage of if needed in future classes.,4.5,2.0
Great.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
Grades essays really hard. Can be a **** about doing the readings and talking in class.,3.0,4.0
No Comments,2.5,3.0
Pretty good professor,4.5,3.0
It's an 8 credit hour course, so expect a lot of work. A lot of weekly assignments, a weekly project, and a weekly proctored quiz. Plus other assignments every few weeks in Canvas. Zoom class participation is a part of your grade. I found most of these assignments easy and Fabery is very nice and willing to help. Lots of work but manageable!,4.0,4.0
So this is an 8 credit foreign language course, therefore it is not for the faint of heart. It requires hard work and studying and there is a lot of work due throughout the week, but if you understand that it is intense and are willing to put in the work then you'll be ok. Fabery is nice and helps, but you will learn a lot more from other sources.,3.0,4.0
Given that it's an 8 credit class, the workload is tremendous. There are about 150-200 questions of homework a week plus a quiz. Several writing assignments and 6 meetings with a third party coach every other week. Don't recommend at least you need exactly 8 credits to graduate like me.,3.0,4.0
I took Fabery for two semesters, she is the absolute best. The class mostly consists of VHL assignments, which plenty of help can be found online for :) Sometimes calls out students in a fun way,5.0,1.0
Fabery is a very sweet lady but she is a little all over the place. Her class was fun, but she made us do lots of group work/presentations that were last minute. Overall not bad, there's a lot of assignments, so lots of ways to get your grade up if need be. Lots of busy work.,4.0,2.0
Easily one of the nicest teachers I've had at UCF. She's a little bit disorganized, but it's nothing too serious. You have VHL homework for 2-3 days each week and some in-class quizzes. There's a project, but it's really easy. If you miss an assignment she's more than happy to open it back up for you so you can do it. Overall, a pretty easy class.,4.0,2.0
Prof. Fabery is really nice, but her class is not the most organized. Things can be very confusing. Not much work, but you gotta attend every meeting for this class. There are 3 presentations, an oral interview, and five movies to watch in the class. Textbook is used for (mostly weekly) homework.,3.0,1.0
This class is really easy and she is very nice,5.0,1.0
I took this class online and it was tough. You can't really have a life, all you will be doing is work work work. She makes you take video monitored test that you MUST study for. Quizlet will give you answers to VHL assignments, however doing this won't prep you for the test, so study study study.,3.0,4.0
Taken online, summer A. Class has weekly tests w/proctorhub which require insane amounts of memorization of vocabulary and rules. All of the Spanish profs seem to teach the same material and have the same sort of class structure, but this prof gave no feedback and seemed annoyed by questions. She did very little and graded slowly on top of that.,1.0,3.0
Fabery doesn't always respond to emails. The tests are hard unless you genuinely already know Spanish, and they are webcam proctored. All of the homework assignments are easily completed on quizlet or google translate. Grades easily, but lots of work.,2.0,4.0
Prof Fabery is awesome! Even though the class was online, she interacted with the class by video and asked you to do some participation that way. So be sure you have the technology to do so, if taking the class online. Lovely woman, who wants you to succeed and do your best!,5.0,4.0
This was my first time taking a Spanish class this summer online. It was a lot. But just do well in the writing assignments, the virtual chats, the VHL homework and the webcam presentations and you WILL survive this class. I promise. Get at least a C or better on the exams too. She's not a tough grader and she does answer the emails within 2 days.,4.0,4.0
You WILL have to teach yourself!! She has NO original teaching insight into the language-- ALL material and assignments are copy and pasted from the book and VHL site. Yet she can't even manage to copy and paste correctly, I have screenshots of her uploading WRONG review material for her difficult tests. She encourages you to NOT ask her Questions,1.0,4.0
Always had an interest in spanish and unfortunately this class diminished that, not because of Ms. Fabery, but probably due to the fact that it was online. Despite Oral Interviews and virtual chats through VHL I felt I didn't learn as much as I would have in an actual classroom setting. Fabery is a sweetheart though, helps you out if you need it!,4.0,3.0
Professor Fabery helped me become even more fluent (as well as interested) in the Spanish language and culture.,4.0,1.0
Not impressed. Makes excuses and doesn't give you proper preparation for this. Expects you to be prepared but then isn't prepared herself! Negligent and doesn't see to care about the class. Take a different professor. Wish I could drop.,1.5,3.0
This class is insane. There is way too many assignments whether it's a combined class or not. We spend so much time doing the online course which does not teach speaking it at all and then she gives speaking assignments. Unreal class.,1.0,5.0
I took the online 8 cr. hr. combined course for SPN I and II. I knew the work load would be a lot, but I never could have imagined just how much. Prof. Fabery really overdoes it. Expect 40-60 exercises a week, a quiz and test every week all on top of presentations and discussions. Trust me, not easy to keep up.,2.0,4.0
She's a pretty good online professor. I took her last semester so I knew what to expect with an online Spanish class. I was worried considering I took the Summer B session (6 weeks) but she really cut back the number of assignments and made our lives easier. She takes kind of a long to grade some things but it?s not out of control. :),4.0,1.0
Having taken 5 years of Spanish in middle and high school this was the easiest class I've ever taken. I took it online to save time. There is easy computer graded homework due twice a week followed by a quiz for each chapter, 3 discussions (in English), 2 Oral Exams (done on YouTube), and 2 Compositions (in Spanish). All and all it was enjoyable.,4.5,1.0
Disorganized but very nice. Prepare to teach yourself or ask someone in the class who understands the material. Fabery does not always understand the concepts she teaches, she just reads the textbook and tells you that's how it is. Easy A if you know anything about Spanish grammar. It would be helpful to learn imperfect subjunctive before her class,4.5,1.0
Good-natured, funny, & motherly. Cute accent. She is inspiring, just something about her personality is attractive. An easy A or B if you attend and study. She grades fair. I really enjoyed having class with la Seora Fabery and hope to have her again! Hint: she is very laid back & approachable, but she will not tolerate disrespect, not to anyone.,4.5,2.0
This woman should not be teaching an online class. She is horrible...barely responds, barely knows how to spell! I could see her teaching Spanish 1, but probably not this harder material.,1.5,3.0
Worst professor ever. Did not teach. Did not reply to student inquiries on "Ask the Professor" board. Used excuses for why she did not provide information in a timely manner. Lazy approach to teaching. I learned nothing & wasted a lot of money in the process. If you have to take this course, and if you really want to learn, then steer clear of her.,1.5,2.0
Worst professor I've ever had. She has no idea what she wants to do. She does not teach anything. During quizzes, she likes to make noises, or talk to the students who have already finished. I find it hard to concentrate when others around me are talking. Also, she likes to put questions on the quiz that pertain to subjects never discussed in class,1.5,2.0
I love the spanish language and I am a 4.0 student who has never dropped a class until this one. If you care about learning spanish don't take her because she does the bare minimum as far as teaching you. All the learning is done on your own and she is extremely lazy.,1.0,1.0
This is my second course with Fabery. She is extremely easy. The course itself was very complicated and boring, but that is because it is grammar. Fabery is very comical and genuinely cares for her students. Very reasonable.,2.0,1.0
This woman is crazy, but in a good way. She is entertaining and it is so obvious that she wants her students to earn an A in her class. Take her!,4.0,3.0
This class was relatively useless. She is extremely nice and fun however I have no qualms against her but she is the worst spanish teacher I have ever had . I ended up with an -A & the work is easy to handle. Just be prepared to teach yourself.,2.5,4.0
Unless you are already speak spanish VERY well, don't take her!! She sucks!,1.0,5.0
I loved this professor. She'll help you out any way possible but is sometimes difficult to understand. When I asked for clarity she was easy going and respectful of all different learning levels. I attended class regularly because missing class was a huge hinderance since she was likely to give pop quizzes or compositions. Always smiled in clas,4.0,2.0
She was virtually useless as far as helping goes. She isn't very good at teaching, and half of the time you can tell she'd rather be somewhere else. I personally thought the class was incredibly easy, but some of my classmates had a really difficult time. If you're already strong in Spanish, don't worry. If not, you may struggle a little bit.,3.0,1.0
Very nice teacher. Was willing to help if you are lost..You have to study for the tests but she makes spanish fun and not so boring..,4.0,2.0
THE WORST TEACHER I'VE EVER TAKEN!On the 1st day of class she decides if she likes you or not,if she doesnt, your screwed! She makes these annoying noises while your trying to do your timed work and makes feel stupid when you ask a question,after this semester is over I wont go near her with a 10ft pole,terrible,mean,teacher!DONT DO IT TO 2 URSELF!,1.5,5.0
Not much of a help if you don't understand something- which is often. She doesn't really explain anything, so if you get lost, you're sorta screwed. Nice lady though.,2.0,4.0
Amazing spanish teacher. She makes everything really interesting and involves everyone in the class without making it seem like they're being put on the spot. It's very relaxed and she is very understanding. She is always available to help. I would recommend her!,4.0,2.0
Very good upbeat teacher. She makes spanish suck less,4.0,3.0
Awesome teacher... i got an A and i was never good at spanish... makes it very easy to learn. everything she goes over and over and over again in class are what she tests you on so you can almost predict the quizes and oral portions of the tests,4.5,2.0
A very good spanish teacher. When your forced to take the class shes a good teacher to take it with.,4.0,3.0
Aesome teacher. Loved her class. She makes learning fun and easy! Would keep in touch with her. Very nice lady and great tacher.,5.0,2.0
This class was ridiculously easy. Fabery is a really easy grader, very lenient with attendance and really funny. I highly recommend taking her. I did learn new stuff, and she made it so easy.,4.0,1.0
Prof. Fabery is really funny & makes class enjoyable. She's helpful and makes the work easy for you and undemanding. 5 quizzes, but she drops 1, 2 tests and a final, but she reviews for everything. The day before the final, we have a party, too! Had her 7:30 am class, but she made it fun- we were her fave class! Take her, I highly recommend it!,4.5,1.0
Seora Fabery is GREAT! Took for for Summer A Spanish I, had a BLAST! Easy class, it's basically a repeat of highschool stuff. We had to bring doughnuts every Friday. Fantastic personality, very helpful, and talks about her own culture (which can be fun and insightful). Highly recommended!,5.0,2.0
I truly enjoyed this class... I guess its because I love spanish. She is funny and the class is never boring. She calls on you to participate and if you don't know the answer she doesn't make you feel embarrased. She does give busy work but you either do it or you don't... it's only going to help you. This is an easy A class.,3.5,2.0
i love this lady. funny as hell...not the greatest teacher but shes easy and fun.,3.0,1.0
She makes this class so much harder than it should be.She is very unclear, doesn't answer questions, and gives quizzes with a days notice.She spends half the class trying to figure out our names.I don't think anyone ever knew what was going on or what we were learning.Gives busywork as homework...take Julie Pomerleau!,2.5,3.0
This lady is muy loca. There is never a dull moment ever in her class. She is a riot let me tell you. She really helps you to understand the material. It's easy to get an A in this class, even if you suck at Spanish. She is definetely the professor to take if you've never had Spanish. Just show up and open your mouth and you'll be fine.,5.0,1.0
I don't know what in the world these people are talking about. Nobody in my class ever knew what was going on because she changed assignments and dates around the day things on the spur of the moment. Towards the end (last ten classes)we just sat and watched her grade our papers and weren't allowed to leave. She didn't teach anything!,1.5,2.0
This lady is hilarious!! She is a fun teacher and she helps you if you have a problem. Take this teacher this is an easy A!!!!!,4.5,1.0
Mrs. Fabery is so nice. She is very funny. If you have a good attitude she will love you. And even if you suck at Spanish but try hard you will earn a good grade. She is always joking around and class is very fun. She will also help you with anything, either in her office or before/after class. She is really a great person and teacher.,4.5,2.0
I took this class over summer A at ucf. I reccommend Prof. Fabery to any student hoping to pass spanish. She defientely helps you to pass the class and is honest yet fair. I am an below average spanish student and i still was able to pass with a high B.,4.5,2.0
Good and interesting teacher. If you do what she asks, which is NOT much, then you will be fine. She is very understanding of outside circumstances and accomodates the student. I would definetly take her again.,5.0,2.0
She is crazy. She definitely plays favorites. She isn't clear on anything and likes to change due dates around. I have trouble understanding her not because of her accent, but because she doesn't explain things easily. This class is worthless, I didn't learn anything.,2.0,3.0
She's really funny, and really nice, too. You have to be willing to participate in class, but she makes it easy. Definitely a good teacher.,4.0,3.0
She is so sweet and helpful! I never has spanish before. She knows we are beginners and although class is a little overwhelming at first it quickly becomes obvious how much she wants us to understand. Very funny lady too. And congrats to her...she's now an grandmother!!,4.5,2.0
Mrs. Fabery is a fantastic woman. She is so funny and full of life. I hate that I had to take Spanish, but she made it great. The funniest teacher i've ever had, I laughed really hard at least once per class. Her comedy is so natural and unexpected. Very social too. Do your work and you'll pass.,3.5,1.0
if u have to take spanish, shes the teacher to take. tests arent the easiest but she goes easy on grading. presentations are easy grade. workbook/lab assignment s u ahve all the answers in the answer book. give her some mel gibson stuff and she favor u when it comes time to grade.,3.0,2.0
Awesome teacher, extremely nice, and so funny! Will help you out and doesnt make you feel bad for not knowing something. Take her!!!,4.5,2.0
I loved her! the best beginning spanish teacher at ucf im sure. so funny, so personable. Overall extremely easy class and very nice woman.,5.0,1.0
This lady was solid. Genuinely nice person, and very helpful.,5.0,1.0
Overall this was a good class. She can be a little mean, if you're on her bad side. She can be really funny at times. Make sure to study for quizzes and tests b/c it upsets her that ppl do so bad on them. Presentations are easy to do and workbook and lab book are easy to do. Attendance counts,2.5,1.0
Mrs. Fabery is a very nice lady. She should be on TV because she has great comedic timing and tells hilarious stories in class. Spanish is naturally hard for me, and I didnt do well, but I think I would have completely failed if it had not been for her. She made it feel like a family environment.,4.0,2.0
She is so funny. Easy quizzes, a lot a busy work and book homework but it really helps...you dont even have to study if you pay attention. Overall B,4.0,3.0
She's very funny. I wish that she spends more time explaining other grammar points, other than the preterito and imperfect. Other than that, class is easy.,3.0,2.0
Great professor. She teaches well and is also highly amusing.,5.0,2.0
I recommmend this class. She was nice, funny and a good professor.,5.0,1.0
One of the best teachers I have ever had. She understands that most of us are beginners who just want a passing grade, and makes the class as easy as possible.,5.0,2.0
I would have FAILED if it wasn't for this woman! I definitely had to study and do my work but she wasn't expecting any miracles. She is very amusing and class was lighthearted. I was never nervous about coming to class.,5.0,2.0
Naturally funny women!! Although SPN2 was difficult, Professor didn't make us feel stupid. I did need to work outside the class to catch up,but I would definitely take her again if needed. Bring in a picture of Mel Gibson, she'll love you!!!,4.0,1.0
she is God's gift to the Spanish pupil. I had her twice and it was fab. She is very down to earth, very helpful, and extremely understanding. To pass the class just simply do the work assigned and studying further always helps.,5.0,1.0
span 2 isnt a very easy class but the professor helps make things more interesting and not as boring. she'll let the class go early a lot and sometimes cancle class. overall shes a great teacher to take.,4.5,2.0
Didnt understand a lot of the concepts, spent a lot of time learning on my own, but she is a very easy grader, sit up front and talk to her and you will get a good grade,3.5,1.0
I am around spanish all of the time, so it was a good refresher. But I found that others were struggling to understand her and the subject. Be willing to speak, I can tell she like to hear the American version of spanish.Be down-to-earth as well,enjoy it,5.0,1.0
she's very funny, but hardly teaches the material. i had a hard time in her class but got a B. it wasn't the best class to take if you want to go further with your spanish language career.,3.5,3.0
This lady is awesome!!! She is so nice and loves to teach and talk. She is very helpful and I hope all spanish teachers are this fun!!,5.0,1.0
Fabery is a fun lady.She cracked me up the whole time I was in her class.She is willing to help and doesn't make you feel stupid when you don't understand things.She was peppy and nice, even at 7:30 in the morning. We even had a party at the end of the yr,4.0,2.0
Very fun lady that loves to chat. Class is easy, not much homework, have to study a little outside of class.,3.5,2.0
She's hilarious. Very nice. You don't really lear a lot, so if you're trying to become fluent...don't take her. If you just need the credit...take her. EASY!,4.0,1.0
Fairly easy class. Sweet little lady and Very funny. Learn the vocab. HW not even necessary b/c she doesnt check it. Class is fun though :),4.5,2.0
funny as all hell. I can never stop laughing when she talks. Fairly easy. Lot of work with buddy,4.0,1.0
Easy class. She tells alot of stories that have nothing to do with Spanish or the class, but she will tell you everything that will be on the tests. No surprises. Oh, and tell her you are from Kansas, she will love you forever. lol,3.5,2.0
I couldn't understand what the heck she was talking about. Everyone in the class failed everything and she didn't show up half the time, but we all ended up with an A in the class. I left the class knowing less than when I started, but hey, I got an A.,1.0,1.0
OH MY GOD!!!! Worst teacher ever but not the hardest class!!! All she does is gossip and pick on people. I dont learn a thing!!! She also grades however shes feelin that day, tends to spaz out for no reason!!!!! CRAZY,2.5,3.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
She's fun and animated and very nice, but English is not her first language, so she sometimes doesn't have the English vocabulary she'd like to. She also sends people to SARC more often than she offers to help them personally.,4.0,3.0
Does not teach much. Spends more time gossiping.,2.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Very funny...Makes you learn the material!,4.5,1.0
Overall, Professor Deily is a great professor. She gets a bad rep because she often goes by the book for her answers. However she is very helpful in office hours and lectures are very informative if you pay attention. Read the book and pay attention and you will be fine.,5.0,4.0
Professor Deily is a genius, and both her Industrial Org class and Antitrust & Regulation class were very informative and challenging.,5.0,3.0
Good Professor for the most part. If you pay attention to lectures and understand their concepts you should do just fine. Shes a bit different from other eco 146 profs, more theoretical, less calculus. She grades homeworks very tough but everything is put on a curve. Fair prof, explains things very well, not an easy class but no eco 146 is,4.0,4.0
I've had her twice so far and she is one of the best professors I have ever had at Lehigh. She explains everything very clearly in class. If you listen in class and take good notes you will do great. Her tests are a very fair.,5.0,3.0
Moves through material VERY fast and yells at people when they ask questions. Very impatient. Makes it hard to do well. I learned most from the textbook.,2.5,3.0
She is a great professor! I don't know why there are people who hate her. Her lecture is clear. The exam is easy if you take notes and redo the homework before exam. She is a tough grader and that's true, but if you work hard and pay attention, you will be fine.,4.0,2.0
Deilly is an excellent professor, and she taught 'Competitor and Market Analysis' thoroughly without dumbing it down. If you pay attention, read the book, do the homework, and remember your calculus, then you will learn a lot from the course.,4.5,3.0
Class currently in progress, but she has been clear (occasionally too fast, but that's course requirements) as a lecturer and so far a respectful person to both me and everyone else in the class. Nothing to complain about.,4.0,4.0
She is a great teacher! If you go in for help, she is willing to explain anything to you . Classes may not be the most exciting thing, but she explains everything so that its understandable. If you go over the hw and practice test she gives you, the tests are not that difficult at all! Homework is only one problem set a week with qs's from notes,4.0,3.0
Worst teacher at Lehigh by FAR. Very mean, unfair, doesn't care about the students, and inconsistent grader. I once did my homework with 2 other students in the class, got the same answers, and they both had the same grade while mine was 10 points lower. avoid at all costs. Tried visiting her at office hours and she was 0 help,1.0,5.0
Worst teacher I've ever had in my life. Her grading is completely unfair and unjustified. She's as exciting as a rock. She doesn't care if you try hard and she clearly hates college students and talks down to them. I got stuck in her class since everything filled up, but avoid her if possible!,1.0,5.0
Absolutely horrible. Worst Eco 146 Professor. AVOID THIS WOMAN. She is harsh, mean, rude, and unkind. Tests are moderately difficult, but in general she is awful!! I would rather gouge out my eyes then listen to another one of her lectures.,1.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Horrible prof., told us on day one that she had no interest in teaching our class. About as interesting as a clay brick.,1.0,5.0
she expects you to know everything in perfect detail, and if you're answer is 99% right you get zero credit.,2.5,5.0
Very slow and deliberate when giving out notes. Finds a way to soak up every minute of every class just to keep you there. Unbelievably confusing grading system mostly because she never tells you what it is. Avoid at all costs (except if thuc ngyun is the only other option),2.5,3.0
Stay away from Deilly. She cannot adequately explain course concepts by herself, electing to basically read the text book verbatim during class. She has next to no knowledge of the subject matter, and makes a point of being unwelcoming to students. Her class is intolerably boring and she has a serious attitude problem.,1.0,4.0
She is very hard to get along with. Seems to like females over males. I would visit her for office hours and she would tell me she had better things to do. On my final paper, she said that my grammar was terrible and she recommended I take English as a Second Language. Thats funny considering I was born in the USA! She is just a hopeless case.,1.0,5.0
Terrible professor for a graduate level class. Most of time she doesnot seem to have any clue about the material she is trying to teach. This class is required for MS in Econ. so BAD LUCK for you poor souls if she is teaching it!!!,1.0,2.0
Prof. Deilly has serious issues. I dont know if its because she is not married or what. She makes things up to get students in trouble. I would not trust her at all. Stay away from her at all costs. She needs help!,1.0,5.0
Terrible teacher who will backstab you. She told me going into my final paper that I had an "A" average. Then I check my grades online, and I have a "D" for my final grade. I tried to investigate and it fell on deaf ears. Do NOT take her class because if you do you are in for a rude awakening.,1.0,5.0
Mary is a sweatheart, gives really good notes in class so should go, and tests aren't too bad. A really nice lady and she'll help you if you ask for it.,4.5,3.0
To this day, I carry supply-side theory with me because of her. Due do her unapproachable and seemingly callous nature, I found her to be irresistable (except, of course when I didn't feel like going to class).,3.0,4.0
Great teacher- easy to understand, explains everything... enthusiastic. Not an easy class but Deilly makes it duable.,4.5,3.0
She is scary.,1.0,5.0
You idiot, of course zero pollution wouldn't be ideal. If you think it's ideal get off of the computer -- you are using a energy source that is polluting as you read this..,3.0,3.0
Frankly I hated her as a person. But the course was downright easy. One of her quotes, Well, zero pollution wouldn't be the ideal situation. Way too pro-business but what do you expect in an economics course?,1.5,1.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
No Comments,1.5,1.0
Excellent teacher. I did not like her for Eco 1 but makes Applied Micro a breeze! No regrets here.,4.5,3.0
Best class I've taken at Lehigh. Not an easy course, but well worth it.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
Skipped half the classes, got an A-,2.5,1.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
She should stop worrying about her "You will respect me" attitude and just teach,3.5,3.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
No Comments,2.5,2.0
This is the worst Prof i ever had!!!!,1.0,5.0
Straightforward, no need to read the book, homework was bi-weekly!,4.5,2.0
Unorganized, uninformed lecture, yet difficult material makes class almost impossible to pass. would not recommend, avoid uncle stan at all cost.,1.0,5.0
Stan Laiken is about one hundred and two years old at this point. Perhaps he was a good teacher earlier in his career, but it's hard to argue he can keep up these days. His ability to answer questions in class is questionable, and his interesting in seeing you succeed is debatable. I may have had worse teachers, but I definitely have had better.,2.5,5.0
Great for the big picture. Learn the mechanics based on the solutions. The exercises with solutions are great. Extremely difficult to take down all the info in class. Best advice try to keep up.,4.5,1.0
I found him a bit overrated, but he does try to give the "big picture" of the technical topics you're learning. But when you're taking up solutions and he rambles all over the place, it's hard to follow along. I think he could focus more on the complicated stuff. Overall, decent prof.,2.5,4.0
Uncle Stan is the best! took afm461 with him, but you ought to review your stuff before going to class. Girls love his jokes, overall, best tax prof for sure.,4.5,3.0
I had Uncle Stan for tax in the 80's and we trusted him then - glad to hear he's still the best. For all you new kids, you should be referring to him as Great Uncle Stan by now.,5.0,3.0
Simply Excellent,5.0,3.0
I need more than the 350 words to rate Uncle Stan. I had the honour to attend only a one-day session held by Uncle Stan and I regret not going to Waterloo! I am ready to listen to his tax lectures 12 hours a day if I ever get the opportunity. He is the BEST TEACHER I have ever come across in my entire life!!! We all love you Uncle Stan! You Rock!!!,5.0,2.0
Simply the best out there. He is known all throughout the field and actually cares about teaching and his students' success.,5.0,3.0
Uncle Stan is one of the most enthusiastic professors in UW. i'm serious, of all the SOA idiots out there. He is the best there is.Which other professor do you know will do a aerobics in front of an entire class for 10 minutes just to get you laughing?He has the heart to teach, priority is students. which is much more said then anyone else.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,3.5,2.0
Can't even compare him to others in the whole university -- he's in a whole different league...best prof I had in 5 years,5.0,3.0
better than most others in the dept. Likes quizzes and sometimes wakes you up by directly asking questions.,3.5,2.0
This guy is the best...you can always trust uncle stan.,5.0,3.0
Tax is a microcosm of life. Gets right into the material, (and up on the desk at 60+) He's the reason i'm going back to UW for my Phd. Go Uncle Stan.,5.0,2.0
Awesome! We can't say enough good things about uncle stan. He is the best teacher in the program and one of the best in the school. If you have the opportunity to have him, make sure you take it.,5.0,3.0
Amazing prof...doesn't get any better than this.,5.0,3.0
He was the best prof in Waterloo.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Simply Inspirational!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
WOW!!!!!!!!!!,5.0,3.0
Actually cares about students. Also, the best teacher I have ever had...ever.,5.0,3.0
Simply the Best!,5.0,3.0
A MBA from Wharton, Uncle Stan is one of the best educator I've met.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
I would take the taxman course even if my tuition isn't deductible,5.0,3.0
Fair, but hard.,5.0,5.0
Great prof..actually made tax enjoyable!,5.0,3.0
who would have thought tax could actually be fun?,4.5,3.0
Won't find a better aerobics instructor anywhere else -- FMV IN = FMV OUT!!!,4.5,3.0
If you go thru UW Acc w/o having him teach you, you're really missing something!,5.0,3.0
I love uncle stan! =),5.0,3.0
Uncle Stan could make anything fun.,5.0,3.0
shear excellence! made tax enjoyable/useful,5.0,3.0
best prof at UW....for sure,5.0,3.0
The most fair prof ever - handled an extremely messy situation perfectly. Wow!,5.0,3.0
Fun prof,5.0,3.0
You couldn't find a more fair teacher. I also agree with everything else.,5.0,4.0
Teachers can't get any better than this!,5.0,3.0
Awesome!,5.0,3.0
He looks like and acts like Mr. Bean,5.0,3.0
You can't graduate without taking this guy's class,5.0,4.0
I can't say enough about this man.,5.0,4.0
WOW!!!,5.0,4.0
Simply the Best!,5.0,4.0
Pure GENIOUS!!!,5.0,3.0
I agree 100% with everything written on this page.,5.0,4.0
I've been singing "Taxman" by the Beatles ever since -- this guy is amazing!,5.0,5.0
you da man stan,5.0,2.0
I can't believe I had so much fun in tax class!,5.0,4.0
Uncle Stan is the Man!!! NO ONE else could make TAX more fun.,5.0,3.0
Tax Is A Microcosm of Life!!!,5.0,3.0
Trust Uncle Stan!,5.0,3.0
Best prof I've ever had.,5.0,4.0
I have a love-hate relationship with this prof - she is SO intelligent and such a master in her field that she expects that we're all following along with the material when we need time to digest it all (because there is A LOT). However, the midterm and final were fair as long as you knew her power points and I left learning so much from her!,3.5,4.0
She would spend half of the class trying to fix her computer and kept talking about how she thinks students are hacking her computer. She continually would assume we all knew stuff that we clearly never did. Every student thought she knew her stuff, but was an awful prof. Exam and midterm m/c are ridiculous and not really covered + dumb quizzes,2.0,4.0
Material was difficult to follow if you had never taken biology before, but she was more than willing to help you understand during office hours. Midterm and final were what was expected and she gives you multiple practice midterms.,4.0,2.0
When she suggests you learn all the notes for the midterms and final... she means it! If you do that, you'll do very well. Don't hesitate to go in and ask for help. Approachable, friendly and will take time to make sure you understand the concepts.,4.5,4.0
Great prof & teaching style. Midterms/final were fair, straight from the notes, but know EVERYTHING. Assignments weren't bad. Good course/prof overall. She actually knows her stuff.,4.0,1.0
One of the nicest profs i have ever had. So approachable and really wants you to learn. Went to see her once for help and she was happy to help. Puts herself on your level to help you understand,5.0,4.0
Dr. Meiering is the best prof ever! So much fun and very innocent. I loved all her lectures and I learned SO much. SHe is a little fast but then she can really jam pack a lot into her lectures! Go Meiering!!!! And she went to Hardvard... what the hell is she still doing at UW?,5.0,1.0
you are the man!,5.0,1.0
makes me want to jump off a bridge,1.0,5.0
Good prof, good lecture notes, tough assignments and final though. She's approachable and has a pleasant personality and teaching style.,4.0,3.0
Always tried to be available. Very knowledgeable.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
text sucks. just read course notes. very difficult course...,3.5,4.0
No Comments,2.0,2.0
nice,helpful but the course is tough! talks fast,text sucks, test is killer!,3.0,4.0
talks SO fast, not bad, but doesn't care so much about undergrads,3.0,4.0
TOUGH. She goes too fast, and isn't great for questions. Text sucks.,3.0,5.0
she just talks to herself,not good in explaining stuff,heavy course note,so mean,1.0,4.0
Prof. Harris is quite possibly my favorite professor at Brown- he is so enthusiastic and knowledgeable, has the best 'British' sense of humor that comes out in every lecture and is so helpful to students. Take any class with him, as long as you are willing to put in a reasonable amount, though certainly not excessive, of work.,5.0,3.0
Ignited my interest in history. Fantastic professor. Demands a lot, but really is fair. If you do the work, you'll do well.,4.5,4.0
Hilariously funny, really interesting and engaging. Pushes you hard, but the results are worth it. Great section leader too.,5.0,4.0
Outstanding professor. Highly recommended.,5.0,3.0
This professor is amazing! He's really funny but you learn so much in the class!,5.0,4.0
Harris is a very open and affectionate yet challenging and rigorous instructor. Loves to argue and doesn't mind being contradicted. Nuttily obsessed with England.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
jumps into course without explaining anything that happened before, just expects you to know.,3.0,4.0
Great lecturer...Tough grader, though.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Jones is an awesome teacher! He is funny, and does really cool, fun science experiments in class. Easy class if you go and pay attention.,4.5,2.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
Professor Langers lectures are extremely dry with powerpoints that are very difficult to follow. His grading criteria makes absolutely no sense. If you are missing the most minuscule, insignificant detail, you can expect to see your grade drop. Offers minimal feedback that is barely legible. Avoid at all costs.,1.0,4.0
If you care about your GPA don't take this course. Professor Langer's lectures are informative but vague and his raspy voice sometimes obscures what he is saying. For a good grade on the papers, you must include arbitrary information that he glossed over in class. To do average, never miss a class, and visit him before you hand in any paper.,1.0,4.0
HE WATCHES THRONES!!!!!,3.0,4.0
To do well in Professor Langer's class I recommend you do all of the reading so lectures become review and it will help you have a more thorough understanding of the material. In addition, I STRONGLY recommend going to Professor Langer's office hours before you hand any paper to make sure you are including all the necessary points from class notes,4.0,4.0
Hard to understand grading criteria. Vague feedback. Boring lectures. Although he is knowledgable and willing to meet outside of class.,1.0,4.0
Langer is the reason people hate taking history courses so much, and I say this as a history major myself. He is an extremely dry professor whose lectures are only understandable if you listen to every word he says. He is a tough grader and gives minimal feedback. He is not very helpful. Take a different course/professor if you can.,2.0,4.0
Awful professor. Boring and repetitive lectures. Grading criteria all over the place. Do not recommend. Probably time for him to retire.,1.0,3.0
I almost fell asleep every time I went to class because he just reads off a power point that he doesn't post online. He highlights key points for your essays on exams that a necessary for getting a good grade.,2.0,3.0
Langer's not the best lecturer- I can honestly say I had trouble staying awake in each class. His lectures were also pretty disorganized and hard to follow. Despite this, reading the textbook helped clarify a lot of points. You will receive the essay questions the week before so the exams themselves are not too bad.,3.0,2.0
Avoid like the plague. He speaks in a whisper and refuses to use a mic, so you probably won't understand/hear him. Exams are 90% of the grade, and they're in-class essays. 50 minutes to do two normal length essays. TAs grade harshly and going to class is no help at all because his slides are useless and he doesn't even cover everything.,1.0,5.0
Byzantium was a blast. Lots of reading, but most essays are based off of lecture notes. Regular attendance and note taking is a huge asset to writing papers and the final. He doesn't require citations for the paper, which makes writing them an exercise in repeating the notes. Kinda all over the place, but thats expected for Byzantine history.,4.5,3.0
Professor Langer is the prototype for standard professors. The majority of his class revolves around the lectures, so it's worth it to attend class. All of the exam questions and essays can be answered based off the lectures. He may be unclear at times, however he will announce which details are important. Just go to class and you'll be fine.,3.0,3.0
Very knowledgeable in his field, but does not provide clear notes. You have to do 6 one page papers, then 2 essay based exams. If you struggle with writing, I don't suggest you take this class with this professor,2.0,2.0
Lectures are boring and he is hard to hear, make sure you write down basically everything he says, the lecture slides are impossible to understand and don't provide useful information unless you write down what he says in addition. Your TA is crucial, do all the grading. DONT get Nathan Braccio he is impossible to reason with and grades SO tough,2.5,3.0
Must listen in class. The exams are essays which follow what he talks about in class. It really was unnecessary to read the textbook. Going to office hours was very helpful too,3.0,3.0
Everything is essay based. His notes suck and don't provide a lot of details so make sure to pay attention and write additional things that he says because the slides aren't helpful at all. His voice is very dry so try to stay awake.,3.0,2.0
Class was supposed to be a cake walk but wasn't. I unfortunately got a TA who grades way too tough, Nathan Braccio, hes a nice guys but grades way too tough. As for Langer, lecture is okay with hard to follow notes. Alot of essay writing so be ready for that. Just stay after from Nathan Braccio if you choose this class,2.5,3.0
This class is essay based, the discussion and exams focus on mainly on the assigned readings. If you don't like reading or writing essays, don't take this course. Lectures are helpful for exams, write down everything he says you need to mention in your exam essays!,3.5,2.0
I took this class under the impression it would be easy. And I'm a history buff. It was not the case at all. Everything is essay based and the grading is not easy. Not to mention Langer is not a very good teacher. Extremely boring and somehow makes interesting material mundane. I would reccomend a different teacher.,1.5,4.0
Lectures are very clear, gives you ample notes and explanation. If you have the option to take him, do it!!,5.0,2.0
Textbook is not necessary for this class. Langer is so clear and thorough in his explanations in class that there is really no need for outside studying... ever! Great teacher, perfect old grandpa vibe.,4.0,1.0
Awesome Professor for Modern Russia, like an old Grandpa.,3.0,2.0
History with Langer was alright, he is an extremely intelligent guy. His notes may be a little hard to follow but just listen to what he says and go to lecture and you'll be fine. Also, I strongly recommend TA Phillip Moore if he is available. Office hours for him, as well as Langer's, are extremely helpful. I use them, I've gotten all A's.,3.0,2.0
Langer is great! Slides have the main points in them, so the textbook wasn't that useful to me. 6 one page responses and a 4 page paper on Karl Marx, so not too much work. If you have questions before the exam, he will help you outline responses, and makes sure you understand important concepts. Take 1400 with him!,4.5,2.0
Lecture is really boring, but the exams aren't too bad. They're just essay question and you get the questions before the exam. There is one paper for the class and you have 6 short papers for discussion. I would only take this if you have to though.,2.5,2.0
Doesn't post slides. Has two exams and a Marx paper and a final. Very reasonable and knowledgeable professor. Also very old, can put you to sleep. Books were helpful for me. Lots of readings, if you do them. Would take again (to fulfill this required gen ed).,4.0,4.0
Langer is a beast. He knows his material in and out. You need to make sure you have a good TA or you are screwed. He is a great teacher, no notes are posted online. Two exams, final, final paper.,5.0,3.0
Langer was great. I went to class but if you followed in the book you wouldn't need to. You get a sheet a week before the test telling you exactly what the question on the test (essay form) will be. If you go to his office hours he helps outline your essay to guarantee you an A. Seems like the best grandpa ever,4.5,2.0
Really boring lectures with disorganized slides. The book was more helpful than the lectures. Easy class.,2.0,2.0
Very boring. Powerpoints are disorganized and not posted online. I never went to class, never participated in discussion yet got high 90s on all exams. You have to study and gather details for the exams, but that's not hard to do and I imagine it would be easier if i went to class?,2.0,1.0
Good guy, very easy to understand. The work is not hard. All the tests are essay tests. You are given the questions a week or so before the test making them very easy.,4.0,1.0
Langer is a very nice man, who keeps everyone entertained in class through his lectures. My TA graded very harshly causing me to only get a 85 in the course. I knew the material in and out but still received a 78, 94 and 83 on the three exams and a 78 on the Marx paper.,4.0,3.0
Professor Langer is a great guy. He explains everything really well and tests are pretty easy IF YOU GO TO CLASS. Attendance is mandatory as slides aren't put online but if you go, you will have no problem. Exam questions are given to you the week before the exam in discussion which is always interesting, my TA looked like Jerry Garcia.,4.5,2.0
sometimes his lectures are a little boring and his slides are disorganized but his tests are very fair and he is the nicest guy ever.,3.5,1.0
Langer's lectures can be a bit boring and monotone, but it's obvious he knows his stuff and like studying it. It would be helpful if powerpoints were put on line, b/c if you miss a class you're screwed. Gives exam/essay questions out beforehand, and expects lots of details in them. Very generous grader, however,if you mention what was said in class,3.0,2.0
Professor Langer is a really interesting guy if you actually pay attention to what he is saying. He really knows the material and ties in personal life stories here and there too. He has a light-hearted manner and powerpoints are straight forward. It's really easy to get an A on his exams. I have on both midterms.,5.0,1.0
This class was awful. If you are considering taking Russian History, try to take it with someone else. Most of the time in lecture, it feels like I am listening to a reminiscing grandpa. There's no room for discussion, and not only will you be tested on his ramblings, but expected to include every detail in your answers. Take something else!,1.5,4.0
Professor Langer is one of the best professors you will ever have. He's extremely knowledgable about European history, he has personal stories to back up his info, and he plays music before class! His playlist isn't just for 70 year old professors either, he's played Mumford and Sons, Radiohead, and Bjork. A fanastic guy!,5.0,1.0
If you are taking history 1400, it has to be with Langer. the guy is classic and his exams are easy. He gives you the exact exam questions and all you have to do is study them. I got an A in the course and studied the night before for every Test. He loves his rock and role and without a doubt is the best professor to take for this course.,4.0,1.0
Speaks in a droning, monotone voice that is barely audible. Even if you manage to stay awake you won't be able to hear him. Grades ridiculously hard. He doesn't want your to express your own ideas on essays, he wants you to regurgitate his - but unfortunately, you don't know what his are until after you get your paper back and read his comments.,1.5,5.0
I did minimal work and went to lecture and got a B+. During one lecture, he said getting an A+ on an exam is "impossible". Lectures are dry and his monotone voice will put you to sleep.,3.0,2.0
He goes over all the material you need to know in lectures. He is a great teacher, so cute.,5.0,2.0
By far the most boring history class I have ever taken. His quiet, monotone voice brought me within inches of dreamland every single class. He expects you to cram a ridiculous amount of info into each of the three papers, and grades the final extremely hard considering the extensive, detailed information he expects you to remember.,2.5,4.0
Lectures were very bland with no class discussion whatsoever. Many classes were in the dark because of having to use a document camera, because of supposed computer viruses going around. Also sometimes hard to understand because of trailing off at end of sentences. Interesting content, but the manner of instruction is torture.,2.5,4.0
His lectures are ok. Nothing special. All depends on your TA. Mine was awful, gave me a zero on a paper for using an internet source along with the book because I couldn't understand something, total garbage. Avoid Ms. Madak. She is awful. She should be teaching middle school,4.0,3.0
I really enjoyed my history Senior Seminar with Langer. The topic was the Russian Revolution, and it was a very interesting class. It was HIST 297W, and a thesis class, so we had to write a 20-30 page paper at the end.,4.0,4.0
I took Mr. Langer for my History Thesis course Senior year in the Russian Revolution. It was very interesting.,4.0,4.0
Great teacher. Very interesting lectures. Go to class and do all the assigned work and you should get no less than a B,4.0,2.0
Great Teacher. He can be dry, but the tests are easy. Just study two study questions from the first and second half of the study guide and your golden,5.0,1.0
Langer is a good professor. Assigns a lot of readings and papers which make up about 25% of your grade. Pretty much depends on your TA. Try not to get oliver as he is a ridiculous grader. I did all the work and studied but could only manage B's on my papers if i was lucky. I heard the girl is really easy.,2.5,4.0
Great Professor, knows his stuff. Lectures can be a little slow, but interesting nonetheless. If you're not willing to do a little , don't bother with him, as you have a one page response to readings each week. As long as you go to class, do the readings and are a good writer, this class is a breeze.,4.5,1.0
Could barely hear him over the fan in a small classroom. He clearly loves his subject but bores you to death with it,2.0,3.0
Excellent professor, he's passionate regarding what he's teaching about and has plenty of experience with the subject. Lectures are very enjoyable. Unfortunately he reqs a lot of reading and response papers. You'll be using all the books he has on the syllabus. Opt for a diff prof if you're looking for an easy grade.,4.5,4.0
Knows EVERYTHING about the subject, and presents it in a clear and effective manner. That said, his classes is VERY hard. He gives VERY difficult essays and grades VERY strict. Do not take his class unless you thoroughly enjoy the subject. If you do, take his class.,4.5,5.0
Awesome professor. Attendance is pretty much mandatory since he doesn't put notes online. The textbook doesn't really help at all. He also gives readings for the discussions which aren't bad. He knows his stuff and makes class interesting. For the exams he gives possible essay questions which definitely help with studying.,4.0,1.0
This class may seem easy, but it is all about who your TA is. The content is boring, but it is pretty important that you attend class because he doesn't put the lecture slides online. Make sure you see the professor or TA before an exam, so he can tell you what you are missing, but honestly, I would look to find an easier 1400 teacher like Eves.,3.5,3.0
Clear and fairly straightforward lecture. Gives possible essay questions before exam. Pretty easy class.,4.0,2.0
The best professor I've ever had. Very interesting and extremely fair. Not to mention that his class was pretty damn easy. Highly recommend taking any course with him, especially history 101 (1400).,5.0,1.0
If you are a history major then you must take 211 with him!!! I cannot stress it enough!!! Take 211 with him!!!,4.0,2.0
very fun in class, dynamic,4.0,3.0
boring but easy class,3.0,2.0
Very fun class, my TA went over the answers to the exams/big papers before we wrote them, basically he said: write this. References movies to everything under the sun.,4.0,2.0
Took Russian History with him, going to take his other Russian History course in the spring. Awesome teacher, tries to relate everything to modern events and to the students and their daily activities. Brings lots of stories, and gives most of the info for the essays in class. Readings help, but you don't have to do them if you go to class.,4.5,2.0
i had him for russian history. the class isnt that hard. u honestly don't have to do any of the reading to get a good grade. he tells awesome stories. rock on langer we will miss you,4.5,3.0
he was ok in lectures..made the info interesting. my t.a bob karachuk is what made things easiest. anyway, if you take good notes, go to lecs & discussions, youre set--you dont even need to buy the text book for the class. although the other readings are mandatory.,3.5,3.0
very good! has interesting spins on history that draw the attention more than any history class than I've seen before.,5.0,2.0
first lecture he plays dmb when hes setting up. easy to fall asleep, have to listen hard to hear everything all the time. loves the young generation and is just a really cool guy. you'll get a lot from this class. its not like high school at all.,4.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
gives exam questions before at least a week before the exam. weekly papers...real easy. and two 4-5 page papers not bad at all. take this course with him if you can. great prof,4.5,2.0
Told me that I should drop out of the school of Ed, let you know that I have been teaching for five years. As an educator that is just terrible!,1.5,5.0
tough but brilliant. knows his course matter well and is concerned about his students. excellent professor.,5.0,3.0
He's tough but helpful...knows his stuff,4.5,3.0
Larry you da bomb! You know everything about God know's what under the son!,4.5,2.0
Has a likable personality but at times can be disorganized. Quizzes are assigned weekly but he is very lenient when grading them, and students are chosen at random to read passages in Middle English or ask questions at the beginning of every class. Yet he is very approachable so he can help you prepare for those.,4.5,2.0
I had Fratzi for the History of the English Language, aka a very dry subject. Most of his assignments are busy work but they boost your grade. His midterm was take home so taking good notes really helped. Go to class 'cause attendance counts and participate once in a while. He is very helpful if you ask for help and just an all around good guy.,4.0,1.0
Professor Hasenfratz's class was both enjoyable and interesting. He truly cares about his students and is always willing to let you redo work or help you in office hours. He does assign some busy work assignments but they boost your grade. GO TO CLASS! Participation is a huge grade saver. He is obsessed with MLA! Take this class!,4.5,3.0
Probably the best professor I've ever had. He's just so awesome! Super funny, a procrastinator himself so if you need extra time on assignments he's more than willing to give them to you. He makes class fun and will make cookies for the class if you ask. I would definitely recommend taking one of his classes.,5.0,1.0
Hasenfratz is nice and laid back. He's also really funny and tries his best to make class enjoyable and to be approachable.However, I found many of his assignments to be busywork. I also found his strict MLA format grading to be a little ridiculous. Lectures can be dry when talking about structural and theoretical topics.,3.5,2.0
Extremely nice guy! I loved him as a person and his class was low maintenance and fun. Must go to class though, the reading material was a little boring, and he gives b's on pretty much everything but you get a chance to redo. Super enthusiastic and caring, although obsessed with perfect MLA. TAKE HIS CLASS FOR 2600, OTHERS ARE IMPOSSIBLY HARD,4.5,2.0
I can't say too much because I had him for an honors INTD, but he's a cool guy and shows concern for his students nonetheless.,5.0,1.0
I never once read anything for class, did all of the assigments last minute, never participated once and got a B. I was on facebook the entire time fi I went to class. Take it, it's boring but he's very helpful. The reading never corresponds with the work, it's kind of strange, but he's cool! He made us cookies, too,3.5,2.0
Busy work and classes that are pointless. Better make sure your works-cited pages are perfect because he is obsessed. He did give second chances to get points though.,1.0,4.0
Though he appears jovial, he will make your semester hell. I had him for Literary Studies and had a terrible experience. He teaches NOTHING in class and assigns monumental amounts of BUSYWORK and reading to make up for it. Thinly veiled New Criticism agenda. Petty obsession over works cited pages. Fixation on the Grapes of Wrath. Hated it.,1.0,4.0
DUUUUUUUDE! BOB ROCKS!!! ****TO CLASS! YOU WONT REGRET IT!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhh!,5.0,3.0
Amazingly smart and wonderfully helpful. Completely worth the class.,5.0,5.0
A brilliant and funny professor. Let's face it: most of us are not medeivalists. He brought in recordings and recipes and made Sir Gawain, the Canterbury Tales etc. come alive,5.0,4.0
This guy rocks!,5.0,4.0
brilliant, funny, exciting--one in a million!,5.0,2.0
very talented man,5.0,2.0
Horrible teacher. The class had a lot of reading which was enjoyable but we almost never focused on it in class discussions. He would ramble off about useless information. A very nice guy nonetheless, although a bit awkward. If you like structured classes, I would recommend against taking one with him.,1.5,5.0
WORST CLASS I'VE EVER TAKEN. The first class I'm actually terrified that I might not pass. He is the WORST lecturer of all time and assigns easily 300 pages of reading A WEEK. Please for the love of all that is good and holy in this world DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASSES!!!!,1.0,5.0
He's a great professor...the only teacher I ever liked really. BUT hes confusing, assigns insane workloads...woah is this a class or my whole life, and does things in a charmless way...he has a strange accent. a nice guy to talk to, though. he can be real. dont take a class unless you are insane about patristics(andunderstandhisindiosyncracy),1.5,5.0
Expect lots of ums and ahs, harsh glares, militaristic style stammering and flapping motion with hands. He seems to care alittle too much, ABOUT EVERYTHING.AT times a decent guy tot alk to, but can be confusing. Ultra-into himself though. Not that recommended.You may hate the class.,1.0,5.0
Not the best at public speaking but he is extremely knowledgeable and cares about his students if they care about learning. If you aren't going to read/try in the class then this is not the class for you. If you like ancient history, then this man is someone who has a wealth of knowledge and is willing to share. Take his class!,4.0,4.0
Seriously this guy is the worst. Dont take his class. Every negative comment is true, avoid him even if it means you need to take an extra semester to graduate.,1.0,5.0
As an exchange student I found Dr. Caner an excellent lecturer. He also loves his subject. However, he betrays real snobbishness now and again, but who doesn't?,4.0,3.0
Just awful, really. He is the least eloquent man int he world, and his lectures are structureless ramblings constantly interrupted by his constant stammering and "uh"s and "um"s. You have to go to the lectures, because his powerpoints don't have any real or helpful information. Avoid this professor.,1.0,3.0
Do not take a class with this man!!!!! He will bore you, and if he sees you getting bored, he admitted that he weill make the class even more boring for you. The writing assignments are rediculous. The mid-term and final were rediculous. The amount of reading was rediculous. If you take this class after reading this, you fail as a human being,1.0,5.0
Do not take a class with this man!!!!! He will bore you, and if he sees you getting bored, he admitted that he weill make the class even more boring for you. The writing assignments are rediculous. The mid-term and final were rediculous. The amount of reading was rediculous. If you take this class after reading this, you fail as a human being,1.0,5.0
One of the toughest classes I've ever taken. The material was easy, IF someone else taught the class. The difficulty of this class was solely to do his teaching. His study guides are some-what helpful, yet when it comes to the exam the material is completely different. Stay away from his class!,3.0,5.0
Unprofessional in the extreme.,1.0,4.0
A lot of students tend to give Professor Caner a bad wrap. He is a difficult teacher and he seems intimidating BUT he is not mean. He is socially awkward, but he wants to help you!As long as you go to class and do the readings you'll do fine :) He is really a good guy. And he's surprisingly funny if you just give him a chance :),4.0,4.0
AVOID TAKING A CLASS WITH THIS GUY AT ALL COSTS. Seriously. Awful organization- you take basically all the notes from his ramblings. Unbelievably high expectations- the final (50% of the grade) consisted of 3 IDs and 4 long essays which he expects to be 5-6 blue book pages long. Way too much assigned reading. Terrible, terrible class overall.,1.0,5.0
Excellent teacher!,5.0,4.0
You either love or hate this guy. He's a tough teacher for sure, and he keeps you on your toes by randomly calling on students. Typically I hate this type of teacher, but in Caner's case, he really does a good job teaching his subjects. He may be a little snobby, and sometimes cranky... but he teaches thoroughly and does a great job.,4.5,5.0
I think he may have trouble interacting with people. Maybe he just needs a girlfriend. I appreciate his love for history though and find him quite attractive.,2.0,5.0
He berates students publicly in class after they give presentations. He knows a lot about the time period he teaches but unfortunately he does not have the personal skills to interact well with the students.,2.0,5.0
He sucks. He doesn't teach - everything I learned in this class, I learned from the book (and yes, I obsessively go to class). He must think that yelling Greek words at a student makes the words easier to translate. He'll never give you help with words you don't know, but he'll interrupt you to read the easy words. Nice guy, I guess, but bad prof.,2.5,3.0
He is awful, I wish I never took his class, I regret it every day. He is not at all helpful, and I just want to cry when I walk in his class, I hope he see's this too, maybe he can improve into a person,1.0,1.0
I hate this class, he is not clear in his lectures and can not capture my intrest. His exams are kinda tough, but hates to give them so when he does it counts. while in class I try not to fall asleep so I need to doodle or play games. I do like the discussion before hand but believe the class is lacking intrest.,2.0,3.0
Ancient Roman History. He is a nice guy, swears in class. His lectures are boaring but you have to go he is crazy about attendence. Oh and don't be late he hates that. Plus don't read or sleep in class he will stop class to yell at you. A bit of reading, do it all. And a new 10 page paper which you have to present to the class 2 times. yuk!,2.0,3.0
Not a terrible teacher but nor a great teacher either. His tests and quizzes are relativle easy so long as you read the text and take notes during lecture (hard to do because he's so boring). I didn't care at all for the way he did quizes over WebCT, don't forget to do them because he doesn't allow you to make it up after the deadline.,2.0,3.0
Found him to be very helpful and knowledgeable. Didnt think TA's were necessary for such a small class,4.5,3.0
any positive ratings i guarantee caner wrote himself. the guy can't teach and he knows it.,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
lectures are boring and he has a stuttering problem,2.5,3.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,1.0
No Comments,5.0,5.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
He's a racist and transphobe! And I was warned by other students that he is a sexual predator.,1.0,2.0
Fred was one of the best, if not THE best professor I had at uconn, and I don't have much of an interest in english/writing. Caring, intelligent, helpful, and genuinely wanted his student to succeed. Also has a great voice and cadence, I could listen to him talk all day. 100% recommend.,5.0,3.0
Frederick was extremely racially insensitive and repeatedly singled out students based on their race or ethnicity. He made inappropriate comments regarding suicidal inclination. The only way to succeed in this class is to teach yourself through outside sources since the textbook didn't help. Meeting him 1:1 for office hours made me uncomfortable,1.0,3.0
Prof Biggs is the nicest professor I've had in my four years at UConn. He is passionate about the class content and it shows. The lectures consisted of student presentations and/or discussions about the reading. He really cares about student well-being, so talk to him if the class is stressing you out. Took the class to the dairy bar too!,5.0,2.0
Super nice. Easy Class. Attendance not mandatory just don't skip every class but if you don't want to go once in a while youll be fine. Bought us donuts almost every class. went to the dairy bar once and he bought us icecream. Wrote 2 essays one 5 page one 10 page. Overall great guy, really caring. I hate English and he made it a lot more enjoyable,5.0,1.0
Best Class ever.,5.0,2.0
Fred Biggs is so well-verses in Medieval literature so taking BritLit 1 with him was great. The things on the test he wants you to know are very date-heavy and detail-oriented which I wasn't a huge fan of, but still very fair. He gives good grades as long as you put your share of effort in.,4.0,2.0
Biggs is honestly the sweetest, most caring professor I know. It's clear that he wants his students to do well in his class. He gives great feedback on papers, is lenient about due dates, and his exams are always very fair. Just be sure to do the readings, because you'll want to participate in his lectures!,5.0,2.0
Great guy with great intentions, but sometimes I don't know what he's teaching or why he's teaching it. Very unorganized class.,3.0,2.0
Four years of college and this is the first class I took that affected me enough to write a review on here. Professor Biggs is amazing! I was really worried about this class initially, because let's face it - "ENGL 4965W" sounds pretty daunting. But it turned out to be the best English class I've taken here. He lets you redo papers and helps a LOT.,5.0,1.0
The thing about Biggs is he's very passionate into his research about Medieval lit so even if you're not into it, it'll be a fun class. Participation is key to essays because he'll help you formulate you're ideas during a class discussion. It's okay to not do the reading once or twice but more than that and you'll be lost.,4.0,2.0
This guy is all over the place when it comes to class content and assignments. The papers are often ambiguous until about 3 days before its due and there was no real syllabus to the course. Despite this, he made an otherwise dreary topic very fun and interesting for our class.,3.0,1.0
I am not interested in English, especially medieval lit, and was dreading taking Gen Ed Honors, but Fred made it an enjoyable experience. He is extremely relaxed and tailors the class to meet what students want to learn. Three papers, but he allows you to revise and improve your grade which is awesome, although assignments are often ambiguous.,3.0,2.0
I had him for Medieval English Lit and while I hated the material, the class itself wasn't that hard. I thought it was okay to not read before the midterm and got a C on that. But he does let you re-do the papers and I ended up with a B+ in the course. He's a good professor, although a bit scattered.,4.0,2.0
He is insanely passionate about the material, and even though I dislike old English Lit, I had to admire that. He has a tendency to ramble and fixate on small details, but he is also a very fair grader and takes student input into account. Even though my interest level was low, I learned a lot and was glad I took it with him.,3.0,2.0
As much as I love him as a person I don't find him to be the best professor ever. He was sweet and adorable the whole class, but when it came to actually obtaining information from the class I felt it was lacking. Overall though, I'd take a class with him again.,2.5,3.0
Professor Biggs is a really great professor. He clearly delineates what information he wants you to know for his two exams, and is always open for suggestions - i.e. if you're having trouble with something, he'll make an effort to change it and help you. I highly recommend him as a professor.,4.0,2.0
Nice guy, made taking an english W course over the summer bearable. Even treated the class to dairy bar ice cream which is always a plus!,4.5,2.0
He is very fun, but on a completely different level in terms of his extensive knowledge of very specific and narrow subjects. Will often lose the class' attention span because he unintentionally talks completely over their heads... He is very sweet and dedicated, though.,3.5,1.0
Soft-spoken,5.0,1.0
Biggs is great.,5.0,3.0
Hot & happenin',4.0,2.0
Very informative. Best class I've taken yet. Created a great learning experience for what seemed at first daunting material.,5.0,2.0
Great professor, very caring, extremely helpful.,5.0,3.0
Sherri is a sweetheart and brings a lot to the medieval history program. Great lectures that engage our modern beliefs and traditions with their European roots. Interesting readings and course material and the papers are not very bad. Make sure you take this course solely if you enjoy the topic, I can imagine many would consider this class dry.,4.0,3.0
She was helpful during office hours and gave helpful feedback. The class is reading heavy, but the required readings are manageable and interesting. There is only one paper, but two writing heavy exams, which were definitely the most difficult part of the class. She lectures mostly every class, but they are interesting and engaging.,4.0,4.0
Most of us in the class were history majors, which definitely contributed to finding the content worthwhile. If you are not prepared to do the readings, I would avoid this class, but as soon as you embrace it, life gets easier. She is extremely friendly and her years of work in the field really show. Will be taking the sequel next semester.,4.0,4.0
lots of writing, but it's only for majors. her grading got tougher as we moved through the semester. readings are interesting, but everything with her is medieval history,3.0,3.0
took in the spring 2020 semester when we were sent home. the class was much better in person. online she didn't really post the lectures until the last minute. readings were not too intense, but there was s good amount,4.0,3.0
Professor Olsen is very sweet and organized, but her grading is pretty tough. Every week you have a few primary source documents and a paper to write. The workload is manageable and on par with other upper level history courses. She was very understanding of extenuating circumstances which I appreciate.,4.0,4.0
i was excited to take this class and it made me so unhappy and feel so inadequate i'm ashamed i ever looked forward to it in the first place. awful professor. no matter how hard you work, you will never be good enough to her. that is across the board... no matter who you are, what you know, she will always look down on your work.,1.0,5.0
This class was the most difficult history class I have taken at UConn thus far. Olson does not provide clear grading criteria and most of her feedback feels nitpicky, not constructive. Often she would agree with the content in my papers, with the exception of one minuscule "error" she found, and then take 10-12 pts off.,1.0,4.0
This class made me so miserable it was the topic of many therapy sessions. The grading was unnecessarily hard and, honestly, most of us are convinced she graded some kids harder than others just because she could. If I said "A" in a paper, it was right for me and wrong for others, and vice versa. This class ruined my soul and killed my happiness :),1.0,4.0
Prof. Olson is very kind and doesn't treat the class as more than it actually is. The class is reading a source or two from a textbook, with the following class focused on going through and analyzing the source further. There was a midterm, exam, and a 5-page paper that made up the grade.,4.0,2.0
Avoid Olson if you can. Every single class consisted of her lecturing in a monotone voice with no form of visual aid or note taking guide for the entire 75 minutes. Even if you try to pay attention there is no chance you will be able to get everything she says down and you will be bored out of your mind. Essays/tests unnecessarily difficult,1.0,4.0
She very clearly has plenty of enthusiasm for the subject matter and does an excellent job remaining engaging with the class! Get ready to read, though. If you don't read, you'll struggle to keep up with the lectures and you'll fail the major paper she assigns. She's also a tough grader and requires mastery of knowledge, not just familiarity.,4.0,4.0
On a personal level, she is a really cool person. It's always nice to see such genuine enthusiasm for a subject. As a senior, the exams are probably the most difficult I've ever taken. You must write a lot in a relatively short period of time, but you get the possible essay questions ahead of time, so just prepare/make outlines/go to office hours.,4.0,4.0
Very passionate about her job, but very dry in lecture. Makes an hour and fifteen minutes feel like ten days. Tests are very difficult and papers are graded harshly.,2.0,5.0
If you are a slacker, don't take this class. Olson has no time for bull, but if you show that you care, go to her office hours and attend lecture, she will go out of her way to help you. Conventional history lecture - do the readings or you're setting yourself up for failure. She's a good professor, strict but fair.,5.0,3.0
She is a fair, good woman. She expects a lot of her students, but if you go to her office hours and show that you care, she will help you succeed and she genuinely cares about her students. Definitely attend class - she gives the answers to exam during lecture.,5.0,3.0
Overall she's a woman and decent, yet typical professor. The overwhelming majority of her lectures are based on the readings, which she goes over in great detail (although boring). While the tests seem hard, she provides an outline and essay questions for you in advance. As long as you do the readings and follow her directions, you'll succeed.,3.5,3.0
Straight from the book and lectures but you learn quite a bit. Tests are graded strictly - you have to know your stuff, but you get outlines and Essay Qs prior. Not hard if you do the work. Imparts a lot of information - you will learn.,4.5,3.0
Prof Olson is very knowledgeable and easy going. Yes, she demands a lot from the students, but she is willing to give students all the help in the world. Basically you have to be an adult to do well in her class.,4.0,4.0
Olson's class from what I rememebr was my least favorite. And Im a history person. No color, all boring books, superficial explainations, weird hard tests. She NEVER would call on me.I hated my TA. Were graded ONLY on what we would absorb from the book. Hey is this college or like something else?Rambling, boring lectures about everything.,1.0,5.0
She is very into her subject and likes to talk a lot. I found the class very interesting and I felt as if I learned a lot. The exams were difficult but I think that was because it was an intersession class.,3.0,4.0
Worst teacher I have had so far. Went on rants about nothing. Outlines and lectures are unorganized. Need to use direct quotes during closed book exams. EXTREMELY BORING.That's just the tip of the iceberg. No clue how she is the Undergradute History Director.,1.0,5.0
Extremely Krusty!,1.0,5.0
Worst professor so far at UConn! Lectures were EXTREMELY boring and even though she's passionate about her subject, she babbles on for what seems like hours, but doesn't actually say anything at all. You get essay questions prior to exams but they are such useless questions and aren't clear. I got a B+ but it wasn't easy.. DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS!,1.0,3.0
What a dreadful professor. She just lectured on and on about the most useless information. The only time you actually learned anything was by reading the textbook. UConn should fire Olson and pay her salary to the textbook. She is the worst professor at UConn. Don't take her class!!,1.0,5.0
Awful professor! She just babbled on about nothing during her lectures and made them as uninteresting as possible. Exams were all essay questions, and she was not a fair grader. Do not take her class!!!,2.0,3.0
She gives fairly interesting lectures; expands on slides on HuskyCT. Absolutely go to all discussions; very large part of final grade. The readings are not hard, and are marginally important; definitely necessary if you want to get an A. Exams are all essay, which kinda sucks, cus you really gotta know your info/dates. Overall not a bad prof.,3.0,2.0
One of the best prof's I've ever had. Very informative, can tell you anything you want to know. Pretty easy grading, too. Excellent user of primary sources, and used fun media like film to enhance the experience. Best history professor in the department, and very friendly and accessible.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Not a good professor, very boring, lacks some subject material which causes her to babble about nothing.,1.0,5.0
Not very fun but gave possible test questions in advance- DRY lecturer and only lectures so there it is! I would only take if required!,2.5,2.0
makes you wish history never happened,1.0,5.0
History Made 10 times harder than it has to be,1.0,5.0
I am enjoying the discourse (meetings with her) so much I am reconfiguring my degree based upon getting to know her.,5.0,3.0
Professor Passman is one of the nicest Professors you will come across at UMaine. Although I have never met her she is very understanding. She will take ages to grade a paper for you but that seems to be her only flaw. Papers were inclusive of your idea's as well as idea's from the text. Great class.,5.0,1.0
Tina Passman created this class for me because I couldn't find a class that I liked that suited my interests in my field. It is a classics course disguised as a history course, and it worked, and it will always be one of my favourite experiences. Love Tina Passman!,5.0,2.0
Extremely intelligent, caring, and sweet woman. Class is discussion based and the workload is moderate--1 paper per week plus commenting on other people's papers. She is very open to other opinions and you learn a lot from her. Genuinely cares about students and their progress!,4.5,2.0
She's incredibly nice and intelligent; by far my favorite professor thus far.,4.5,2.0
Took a course with her online-Women in the Ancient World. Very easy-just participate and make an effort on the essays. Very relaxed with late work. Sometimes takes a while with grading, but thats the only (small) flaw.,4.0,1.0
I love her! She's not a great lecturer (reads her slides on the heroic journey and that's it) but a fantastic preceptor. I looked forward to this class every day. Puts time in-, she has written me 3 great letters of reccomendation for things this semester, and I've gotten each thing. Clear work, down to earth, understanding, caring, knowledgable.,5.0,3.0
Very fair grader, she wants you to LEARN the material not be afraid of it like my past latin teacher. Very kind person who really cares about her students, easy grader.,5.0,1.0
very slow grader and very ambiguous grading criteria... don't expect to know how you got your final class grade. but she's also one of the nicest and most encouraging profs i've ever met at umaine.,3.5,2.0
Tina is a wonderful teacher. She is one of the most supportive and compassionate human beings you will ever meet. She makes going to class an enjoyable learning experience and is almost always able to shed more light on course material.,5.0,2.0
One of my favorite,5.0,1.0
One of the best teacher the University has, take her classes, you will not regret it! Also, do your work :),4.5,3.0
Fantastic teacher, still a life long friend and mentor,5.0,2.0
The best teacher I've ever had! Kind, understanding, and has a passion for teaching. Don't graduate before taking a class with her!,5.0,2.0
very good teacher, highly recommened for first year students and always an easy grade if you're not. You learn alot, read alot, and get a great grade. I loved every minute and learned so much. She's like the perfect grandmother teacher.,5.0,1.0
By FAR the best professor I have ever had! She doesn't believe in students getting below a B so she'll allow you to rewrite any of your papers. I definately recommend taking anything she teaches!,5.0,1.0
She's incredibly easy - but if you pay attention and put the effort in, you'll get a lot out of her class.,4.5,1.0
Lots of assignments, but she grades easily... very nice, helpful and understanding... i would definitely recommend taking her honors precept,5.0,2.0
I had a Buddhism course with her through the honors program and it was amazing! Keep your eyes open for this and try and take it!,5.0,3.0
Kind and understanding. There is plenty of wriggle room for slackers, yet those at the top, like me, are still able to assimilate as much as they can handle. I learned more Latin in two weeks here than I did in two years of high school Spanish.,5.0,3.0
I've had her for two semesters and I think she is by far one of the best professors on the campus. Very understanding & easygoing... EXTREMELY INTELLIGENT.,5.0,1.0
Great professor, open and intelligent on most subjects.,4.5,1.0
very nice smart woman gives out a lot of assingments but grades them easily,4.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
A great teacher, only class in this crap hole that I like, thought provoking,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
Sweetest teacher. Knows the material. great book (that he wrote). Very understanding and fair grader. Tons of reading for class. Impossible tests but he scales them. He's adorable and super intelligent. You'll leave knowing a ridiculous amount about case law. Good for any Pre-law student.,5.0,5.0
Really nice guy. Scales exams a lot. On the fiest exam I got 70 out of 156 possible points and got an A. The material may seems a little difficult, but he goes over it fairly well in class discussions. Always willing to help after class or during office hours. Nice older professor who is concerned about the students and their progress.,5.0,2.0
The worst class I have ever taken. The professor was terrible and practically insulted the students in the class. It's not worth the time or effort.,2.0,4.0
No Comments,2.5,5.0
super nice man. loses his place due to his age though.,3.0,2.0
A very pleasant man who knows his stuff. Tests were scary but graded fairly. I learned and retained a lot of info from his class.,4.0,4.0
Really really nice guy, but not really a good class. Exams are on computer program, which means you can take them as many times as you want. He also allows for several retesting sessions, only problem is this doesn't leave much time for lecture. You'll learn much of the material on your own,4.5,3.0
excellent professor, wrote the book on philosophy of law (literally), nice guy, don't miss out on taking a class with him.,4.5,3.0
horrible class. so boring! he's a nice man, but i couldnt stand his lectures,2.5,3.0
Very nice guy, gettting older, can be very very smart and engaging, sometime takes a while for him to understand your position but once he does he is very good about engaging in philosophical discussions.,4.5,4.0
Very boring and a waste of time....bring a doodle pad or a book to read in class.,1.0,3.0
Very confussing teacher...just teach yourself out of the book (book is really good and straight foward). Classes are a major waste of time (but you can't miss more than 6 or else grade drops). My advice bring other work to do in class.,2.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Best professor this campus has. Always a pleasure taking his classes.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,1.0
No Comments,3.5,1.0
Confused man, easy topic. Book is helpful, just do the hw, A in class.,2.0,2.0
not the most enjoyable class ever, but he's always willing to help!,4.0,3.0
he's such a confused man, he shouldn't be teaching, but its an easy class...,2.0,1.0
As long as you are able to pay attention you'll get a lot out of it. If you have a hard time paying attention avoid his classes. Don't worry about missing a class, he'll spend half of the next class repeating material.,4.0,4.0
The class is kind of boring, he repeats a lot of material from the class before but tests are pretty easy and if you take good notes and go to class you don't have to read the text. Overall not a bad class and TeBrake seems very smart.,3.5,3.0
He is very knowledgable but tends to just go off on tangents and you never really know what to right down. He also tends to spend half of the class "recaping" what he taught last class. This is convient if you missed class, but a little annoying if you didn't. He is a very pasionate instructor and deffinatly enjoys what he is teaching.,2.0,4.0
Tebrake is not the best lecturer I have had. Much better to sit up front to stay alert and catch everything he is saying. It is suggested that you read the book, long chapters so prepare for some hard core reading! TA graded everything easily.Go to class and take notes, it will save you from some of that reading!,3.0,3.0
No Comments,3.5,2.0
Class was pretty boring. Teacher is very smart but when i had his class he just read off his slideshow all class..ZZZZZ. He'll answer all questions, but like mentioned before, dont expect this class to be very interactive.,3.5,3.0
Very informative class, very smart professor. Not an interactive class though, so if you're looking for one don't take it. Lots of material covered, and if you're interested in the medieval period (and lots about agriculture) 403 and 404 are great classes.,3.5,3.0
He is verbose and incredibly articulate. He is a genius and I think he wrote a book over Medieval Agriculture, which explains a lot. The TA grades everything...He simply lectures for an hour and a half. I brought my laptop everyday and took notes like that, made it a lot easier. The class is not interactive at all. Sit up front to stay awake!,4.0,2.0
This is one of the most boring classes I have ever taken. It could be interesting, but it's killed history for me.,2.5,4.0
BORING!!!! Don't take this class first thing in the morning unless you want to sleeo through it. Has no respect for other students opinions and disgreeing with him will cost you at grade time. The tests and papers were generally easy as long as you went to class. However one of the most boring classes I ever took.,1.5,4.0
Dry lectures, very boring. He's clear in presenting his material, if you can pay attention long enough to absorb it. Two essays, two tests, all easy. TA offered use of her class notes as well.,3.5,1.0
He's a good teacher in class and his lectures are easy to understand. He's very vague with grading though..and very picky. When writing essays about books he assigns, make sure you give a huge summary.,2.5,4.0
This guy is kinda boring, be he is nice and his class is easy. His two required essays are easy, just book reviews. All you need for his tests are the notes, the books are basically useless so dont waste your money. Very easy course.,4.5,2.0
He was boring and the class sounded hard but was very easy.,1.5,2.0
this class was boring as hell. it's never very clear what he expects on tests and i could not tell you one single thing i learned this semester that i didn't know before.,3.5,3.0
Boring,2.5,2.0
Uses every minute allotted. Moves very quickly and the exams cover too much material. Thousands of years of history covered in one exam. You must enjoy memorizing. I like this professor and he likes his subject.,5.0,4.0
Like others have said, tends to be long-winded but he does have some interesting things to say. He outlines the most important things on powerpoint.. easy class.,4.0,2.0
Classes are hard to stay awake in, but just show up and follow the slides and you're golden. Exams are tricky if you don't read the assigned readings, but if you read and go to class it's an easy A.,3.5,2.0
Long-winded and hard to follow throughout lectures. He tends to get too bogged down in agriculture and related topics since it was his doctorate research, which can be painfully dull. All you need to know for exams and essays comes from course texts.,2.5,1.0
Powerpoints useless, mostly maps. Gets off topic a lot, so hard to follow on notes. Not clear what will be on exams. Exams easy, but TA this semester a Nazi on grading. If you like "ah" inbetween every word, you won't mind listening to him. Enthusiastic about material, just mentally disorganized.,3.0,2.0
Definitely my favorite professor at UConn. I am premed and took this class as an elective. Lots of reading (but I enjoy it). Attend class and take notes even if you didn't do the reading. Just hearing the content will help you remember it and get As on the midterm and final. Very nice man, I would highly recommend the class to anyone.,5.0,1.0
Hands down the most boring class I have ever taken. It was actually agonizing to listen to his lectures. You don't need the $50 book, everything is online. The papers make no sense. I learned nothing in this class. Can't read his handwriting either. He seems like a nice guy just boring as ever. There are many other better English classes.,1.0,3.0
He's an excellent professor, but this class isn't easy. He is a fair, but tough, grader. I liked what we read, but I wouldn't really recommend this class to non-majors (I took it as a gen-ed). The material can be dense and hard to properly analyze. But, if you can put in the needed work, it's worth it. Note that the class size is very small.,3.5,4.0
you literally don't have to do anything in this class to pass,5.0,1.0
At first I was terrified I would fail Professor Recchio's class. However, I put work into my essays and ended up with an A. I didn't read most of the assignments. Tom cares about the subject and his students. He's a great guy, but a bit of a hard ass. He says things people don't like hearing but an A is definitely achievable.,2.5,3.0
Although many people hold Tom in high regard, he is not the best professor. He is unclear with expectations on all assignments. He is rude and somewhat degrading to students, but I don't think his intention is to come off this way. To be honest I feel as though I have learned nothing in his class.,1.5,4.0
Overall, sets a terrible example for students.,1.0,5.0
super high expectations for students work. wrote a 25 page assignment for his class. can be rude without even realizing.,4.0,4.0
Arrogant and annoying. Avoid.,1.0,5.0
This man is brilliant, just brilliant. You'd be missing out if you didn't take his class. Yeah, he holds people to a high standard--get used to it.,5.0,4.0
This fake smart professor is the very worst professor I've ever had, and no one loves English more than I do. Not only is this man ill-informed and confused, but he treats his students with arrogance and distain. Beware, this man is secretly incredibly stupid. I think my IQ dropped since I took his class. Can PhDs be revoked?!,1.0,2.0
Total jrk. DOn't tell him anything in confidence.,1.0,1.0
Cool guy. Helped me a lot.,4.5,3.0
go tom.,4.5,3.0
Show up, take some notes, and participate. Discussions were the best part of this course, especially since it's so small (honors section). Exams are easy if you just review your notes the night before and are able to compose a clear, argumentative essay. Would definitely take again.,3.5,2.0
Lecture was pointless - he read directly off his powerpoints then posted them online, so you could just read the lecture there. Annoying that you cannot use laptops to take notes, lest you browse facebook instead of pay attention! Very easy if you read his slides; if you understand those you don't even really need the book.,4.0,1.0
Going to class isn't necessary; he just reads off the slides verbatim. Also, don't bother buying the textbook, as the readings will only confuse you more.Instead,review PowerPoints on HuskyCT before discussion,where there is a true/false quiz or 1 page essay each week.Hope for a good TA like Noah Sharpsteen,who was more engaging than the professor.,3.0,3.0
Very hard gen ed class, vague true/false exams with very unclear questions. Nice teacher, but would not recommend course.,2.5,4.0
The guy thinks he's the new Socrates. In love with the sound of his voice, but very unoriginal as a teacher. Boring and unfair. I would stay away from this clown.,2.5,4.0
this class was DIFFICULT but interesting. people love him and he's just like... a funny little guy. take it if you dont want just another easy a gen ed,5.0,5.0
One of the most boring professors I have ever had. Maybe it's the material we go over in class, but I do NOT recommend this class to anybody who is not taking this specifically for their major.,3.5,4.0
He is very clear when he teaches and explains the philosophers and their work very well. A++,4.5,3.0
One of the best professors I have had. Highly recommended.,5.0,3.0
A very difficult class...this was back in 1998 or 1999. But I found him very thoughtful and very structured. As a result, we got a lot done in that class. But it was still work,4.5,5.0
The best professor I ever had. Period.,5.0,2.0
One of the best professors I've ever had.,5.0,3.0
Its hard not to love him and grades are mostly based on mandatory attendance.,5.0,1.0
Hands down the best and most iconic Kenyon professor. So supportive, so sweet, and loves his students!,5.0,3.0
Doc Locke is an absolutely amazing professor and person. He truly cares about his students and the members of the community, and is very very passionate about music. I look forward to going to this class every week because of him. I truly have nothing bad to say. His grading scale is fair and he is very flexible if you reach out to him.,5.0,1.0
You will never meet a kinder soul on this Earth. Every moment spent in Doc's presence is a gift. His love for music, teaching, and people is evident in all the work that he does. I wish every music teacher was as wonderful as Doc Locke.,5.0,2.0
The sweetest human to ever walk this Earth, and an incredibly talented musician. Not just a Professor, but a mentor. Take any class with Doc Lockeyou wont regret it.,5.0,2.0
Do not skip a class and it'll be a guaranteed A.,5.0,1.0
Doc Locke is funny and amazing. Community Choir is the easiest A I've ever gotten. As long as you show up and sing you will succeed. Locke is the best.,5.0,1.0
Doc is my favorite professor at Kenyon so far. He's incredibly helpful and understanding and is overall just a wonderful man.,4.0,2.0
Best choir conductor! I had almost no knowledge of music theory when I got into Chamber Singers, but he was somehow able to make me sing a bunch of complicated music and actually understand it. It is easy to get along with him if you share a passion for music.,5.0,2.0
Doc is phenomenal. I never saw the true value of watching a conductor while you sing before Doc. He genuinely cares about each student. When I screwed up an audition from lack of sleep and started crying, he not only comforted me, but held his decision and allowed me to come back another day.,5.0,1.0
Awesome.,3.5,1.0
Loves what he does, community choir is an easy A as long as you go to EVERY rehearsal.,5.0,1.0
Great choir director. Has his ups and downs.,4.5,1.0
Arrogant, stuck-up, nice to favorites and not to others. Pretty good choir teacher, nothing special as a conductor though. Not really an academic professor. Classes easy as h**, though.,3.5,2.0
He's brilliant.,5.0,4.0
Well....He's talented. He cares about his students and invests a lot of time in them. You can learn from him. That said, he can be arrogant.,4.0,4.0
Superb. He's such a talented choir director. Plus he's a great human being.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Not always nice. Maybe because he loves music and himself too much.,2.5,3.0
Doc is a great, passionate teacher who will make you love music as much as he does.,5.0,3.0
Doc is A Wonderful Teacher, He has his problems however he has given Kenyon College a better Choir then they deserve,4.5,1.0
Doc Locke needs one of those chili pepper things.,5.0,3.0
..locke-rhymosa?,5.0,1.0
JUST GO AND YOU DON'T REALLY HAVE TO SING. MOUTH IT AND YOU WILL GET AN A!!!!!!!!!!,5.0,1.0
Seems plenty nice to a regular joe just in Community Choir for the fun of it. Have seen no pettiness or rudeness, but have not had enough exposure to say that it doesn't happen.,5.0,2.0
The niceness is an act -- he's sickeningly saccharine and incredibly full of himself. He also plays favorites. I could really do without the cutesiness. UGH.,3.0,3.0
He's great! Lots of fun, cares about music and those who do the same.,5.0,1.0
professional, he is not. i've seen him personally disrespect students: making a statement by skipping senior recitals, and purposefully schuduling chamber singer dinners at his house to take further audience away. he can be petty and dangerous. be wary.,1.5,1.0
A complete pudknocker.,2.0,3.0
Makes music fun for everybody.,5.0,1.0
Doc is an absolute professional. In my top 2. Committed students will do well.,5.0,3.0
Have him for symphony. It seems we can't say enough about him. He's great.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
He is a nice, funny guy who goes out of his way to help you,4.0,1.0
he really cares about students and music,5.0,2.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
The best music teacher I've ever had. Very professional and focused. Funny guy.,5.0,3.0
Take Community choir at least once. Easy, and a lot of fun. Locke very funny.,5.0,1.0
I wish I was multilingual,4.5,3.0
nice guy, cares a lot,4.5,1.0
Smith was one of the most challenging professors that I had during my undergraduate and graduate studies. His expectations were high. To get an A, he demanded that you know the material! But he made time to help you if you asked. Smith did more to prepare me for a successful career that spanned more than 3 decades than any other instructor!,5.0,4.0
Smith is an excellent professor as long as you are willing to learn and put in the extra effort. No free rides here. He emphsizes practical subject matter with real world application.,4.0,5.0
This may be the worst class in the communication department...The slides are insane, and the class is fully online. The professor is on a sail boat, and he doesn't care about the students at all. HE ASKS THAT YOU DO NOT EMAIL HIM...WHAT A HORRIBLE HORRIBLE ONLINE CLASS,1.0,5.0
Being in his class taught me 1 thing. That people who are media comm. majors are ****ing nutz. Thanks to him I changed my major before I ended up 35 and broke off my ass while a 23 year old has my job. All notes are online so you don't have to go to class. I didn't and I walked out w/a high B.,3.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
go get on your boat and retire. The apples haven't fell far from the tree.,4.5,1.0
I was in his office everday trying to figure out the Nielsen ratings. He was a tremendous help, mentor, friend all of my 4 years. Keep up the good work!,4.5,3.0
Funny lectures, down to earth dont give a damn guy!,5.0,1.0
Amazing. Best Professor you will EVER have. You're dumb if you dont take a class with him. He's like my mentor. You just have to take the time to step back from his wackyness and actually listen to him and appreciate and respect him.,5.0,4.0
he knows what he is talking about but he just does it not very pleasant way.,2.0,4.0
Smith knows his stuff. I can tell you that his classes WILL prepare you for the real world. Best professor I've ever had (undergrad & grad).,5.0,5.0
Take a class with him before he's retired. You won't regret it. He knows his stuff, and makes sure you know it too.,5.0,2.0
I took this online with him, and he was awful. So unclear and weird. He would not update for weeks at a time. Not to mention the class was hard, especially being online.,1.0,5.0
I LOVE SMITH!!!!!!!! he is the best teacher i have ever had by far. he knows his sh** and has great experiences to teach from. a valuable assest to the department. he will be very much missed next year when he retires.,5.0,1.0
Great teacher! Smart and Effective if you want to learn. If your looking for an easy A, then your SOL. Engages students and is very funny. Knows his subjects and has real life experience!,5.0,3.0
Anyone that says Smith is not a good teacher is not a good student. Smith teaches with real world experience, and makes sure you know your stuff. Great Prof. hands down.,5.0,3.0
I havn't had a problem with him yet. I love his class. He's a funny guy and makes jokes all the time. He's not afraid to tell u the truth even when u don't want to hear it. The tests are alittle harder than I thought but as long as u show up and read u're fine. He makes learning easy and fun,4.0,3.0
Great guy, funny as hell.....Some people hate how "honest" he is, but he has real world experience. If you suck, he will tell you. He won't sugar coat it. Knows what he's talking about, take him before he retires,5.0,2.0
A horror.,1.0,5.0
Awfully inaccessible to students!!!Caused me SO much grief while trying to coordinate my internship while studying abroad! Never responds to calls or mails either. Gave me wrong grade on transcript even tho told me I had an A-, & still hasn't corrected it,1.0,5.0
avoid this man at all costs. giant ego. seems to get pleasure out of failing students. extremely rude, obnoxious, assigns grades arbitrarily. completely unapproachable, won't respond to calls or emails. should NOT be teaching at all.,1.0,5.0
Tricked students into buying a CD with power point lectures when he was just going to post them online anyway. Never returns calls or emails. Never is on time for office hours. Tests full of irrelevant material.,1.5,4.0
Smith is the best teacher I have ever had. He is a straight shooter and doesnt BS with anyone. He lectures and assignments are clear and he is always available,5.0,1.0
good people. a bit from the old school but is def. funny and always willing to help if you show you really care about your future.,4.5,3.0
My favorite teacher thusfar. Teaches like no one else I have ever seen. As a lecture teacher is excellent at making sure everyone in the class understands what is going on. Very funny AND very informative. Easy to take notes..easy to study.Knows his stuff,5.0,2.0
No Comments,3.5,1.0
Tremendous ego, used students for research project to expand his wallet, had TA teach almost entire semester for one course, those who can't do...teach from '88 grad,1.5,3.0
Smith is the man,3.0,4.0
Much more confusing than Professor Richardson; wants to be your best friend, which does not help with the course content,1.5,3.0
Great Prof, Obviously a very smart guy and 100% dedicated to his students. Very helpful in office hours and study sessions. He teaches challenging classes, but he teaches them well if you're willing to actually invest your time and effort (you will not always breeze through Intro Organic or Synthetic Organic Chem).,4.5,4.0
I had him for organic chem last year. He is not the best prof I have ever had by any stretch of the imagination. His problem is that he wants to be everyone's buddy. So he spends a lot of time being friendly and doing weird things in class (dance off anyone? pics of my preggers wife?). Take orgo when Prof. Richardson is teaching it!,1.5,3.0
The worst.prof.ever. Exams are really long and does not always cover the material learned in class. I would suggest that you don't bother going to office hours. But if you do, don't let him close the door completely. You could be there for hours....,1.0,5.0
He was awful! I had him for organic chemistry. He jumped around like an idiot and told stupid jokes that were met with complete silence. And some of the jokes were offensive to minorities especially women. He often seemed unprepared and didn't answer questions clearly. His exams never resembled what we went over in class. In short, stay away,1.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
Aweful,1.0,5.0
best ever,5.0,4.0
After a few classes with Woody I truly despised the man due to his high expectations regarding punctuality, attendance, and participation. However, as I adjusted to meet his demands I discovered he was a truly brilliant professor and a wonderful man. If you are open-minded, willing, and driven he will change your life! (Ivy league teacher at a CC!),5.0,4.0
I took this teacher a few years ago and have never had an issue with a teacher as much as I do with this guy. I literally failed because I was tardy by less than five minutes, a few times to his class. He mentioned that if we are late a lot that he would drop us from the class. Never mind the good grades that I got an hard work that I put into it.,1.0,4.0
Every time I went to him for help, I left more confused. I respect that he wants you to figure out what's wrong with an essay by yourself, but more guidance than what he offers is needed (at least for me, it was) for that to happen. If you are a student that needs a lot of help (or any) in English classes like me, I would recommend Mr. White.,2.0,4.0
MUST do the readings, MUST attend seminars. I don't think there's much work really, even if there was reading every night. He's smart and sometimes he's cool, its just a hard class but worth the enlightenment throughout the course.,3.5,4.0
I took this class my 1st quarter here at BC (Spr 13) and he told us that if we survived his class, then we could survive any class...and he wasn't kidding! This class really works your brain (it felt like it was on fire), however if you love poetry, this class is for you! If you don't then it's still a good class for improving your writing!,5.0,5.0
Expects ridiculous amounts of work from his students. acts like it is the only class you should be taking and have no life. Expectations of work not clear. 30-50 pages of reading nightly. First day said "even though this is bellevue college I don't see why my class should not be held to the same standards as a class at harvard, stanford or yale.",1.5,5.0
If you want to have a life outside of his class (job, friends, other classes) do not take his class. If you are earning an English major, enjoy watching foreign films, take pleasure in writing long essays on ambiguous topics, are atheist, and are able to or have the time to read 200 pages a night, then take his class. DO NOT TAKE HIS ENG101 CLASS!,1.5,5.0
Very controversial and offensive about religious matters in class, almost like he thinks he is God. Woody West has a very difficult class and it is nearly impossible to do well unless you sacrifice your life. It seems like he is looking for perfection I would never recommend him.,2.0,5.0
West's class is very rigorous and not easy but if you work hard and make an effort you can do well. In class he can be confusing and makes it sound like he won't help but if you intentionally go to him during his office hours he tells you exactly what he wants, plus his syllabus outlines it all. This has definitely been one of my favorite classes!,2.5,5.0
Mr. West's class is definitely the hardest I've taken, but I definitely feel so much more enlightened. He's really smart, kinda pretentious at times, but he has a lot of great things to say and is very interesting. If you're willing to put in the effort (which is a lot), you should take this class.,3.0,1.0
West has the most challenging class I've ever taken. He makes it so much easier than it is, he is clear with his thoughts, always willing to help, explains things very very well, and is the top teacher I've ever received schooling from. He is very clever and talented, and I would recommend it to anyone who needs a challenge.,5.0,5.0
The most terrible teacher I've ever had! The hardest teacher I've ever had! Never talk with you directly. Nothing worth in his class.,1.0,5.0
If you want to become a better writer, take West's class. Show up on time, read the material and do the work. Woody will actually sit down and HELP you. He offers insightful criticism and intellectual discussions. Overall it was an excellent class.,5.0,1.0
His class was in fact really hard. Towards the end of the quarter, I didn't sleep for two days and finished my final portfolio, getting an A. If you work hard,you will get a good grade. After taking his class, other classes was become sucha breeze.,4.5,5.0
One of the hardest classes I have ever taken. Never wait till the last minute to do one of his assignments! I learned so much from himself though, so if you are willing to put in the effort, I would recommend him. He's funny too!,3.0,4.0
If you want to expand your writing and analysis skills, then take his course. If you want to watch and read easy material, and drone through monotonous, uninspired papers then look elsewhere. Great Prof. Would take the class again. I worked my butt off and earned my "A".,4.0,4.0
Hardest teacher I have ever had. I tried talking to him after class and yet he still never gives you a straight answer, he just wants you to amaze him without giving you the how to. His standards are impossible and his assignments are long and painfully hard to elaborate on. I highly recommend a different 101 class.,1.5,5.0
I loved his class. I like writing though. I think that if you aren't dedicated to learning, he's probably not going to be anywhere near your favorite. Meets privately with you twice to discuss your work and where you can improve. Gives you every oportunity to get a good grade if you are willing to apply yourself.,4.5,4.0
At the beginning of the year Woody showed us a documentary on the failing education system, his method of "fixing" those outlined problems are totally self serving for his ego but hurtful to the class. eg... ridiculous attendance policy, inflexible grading that doesn't account for improvement, refusal to answer questions, lots of french films,1.5,4.0
He gives you two books and two movies. You have to write an essay on one of each. Also you have to write response papers. He's big on Socratic Seminars. His office hours are usefull, but it's hard to get him. You really have to be independant. If you're good at English already, take it. If you suck at english and are lazy, don't.,1.5,4.0
He has many expectations and demands alot of your time for this class. If you have no previous work in classes like AP english then this class will be VERY, VERY difficult. Overall though, Mr. West is the type of teacher that has high expectations, and it is his unique ability to challenge students that makes him the best professor I have ever had,2.5,5.0
It doesn't matter how organized you are, or if you turn in assignments on time, or even if you are there early every day: if you dont match his obscure standards and spout his own ideas back at him he will fail you. Looking for a crazy challenge and your the kind of person who loves stabbing yourself in the knee daily? hes for you,1.0,5.0
Do not take his class, it is a hard class. He is not clear what he wants from student. Don't take his class if you want an easy A,1.0,5.0
creates course based on insightful and meaningful novels and films. upfront about expectations, at least 2 hours of homework per hour of class time! if you can follow directions and have unique insight to the material you are studying (+ time to devote to it) you will do well. not recommended for ESL students without exceptional English skills,2.5,4.0
This instructor is HARD! He asks you to work for your grade. If you are organized, attend classes, take notes and turn in work on time, you pass. If you can't do all that, try a different instructor.,3.0,5.0
If you want an easy A, West isn't the teacher for you. He works the student HARD (10 hours a week to PASS) and gives them the grade they truly deserve. However he is very fair and willing to help. USE HIS OFFICE HOURS. He doesn't lecture but uses seminars to force you to think for yourself. I loved this class but wouldn't recommend it to a slacker.,4.0,5.0
Woody is a hard teacher but you get your $'s worth . Uses seminar teaching style with very few lectures. He expects you to do your job as a college student: show up on time, turn in work on time, and read the text. This can be shocking if you're disorganzied and lazy.,4.0,5.0
Mr. West is one of the greatest teachers I have ever had. His English 246/271 class was very difficult and time consuming, but the knowledge acquired from the thought provoking material was worth every minute. Take this teacher if you like to think and want to learn. Definitely use his office hours; he is always willing to help. I highly recommend.,5.0,5.0
West is VERY VERY HARD, if your a min late, your mark absent for the day. Also will not take any late papers if your that min late to class. Im surprised i survied that class, do not take if u want an easy Enlish class. The good side is that he does prepare your for other English classes and info is useful,4.5,5.0
West is EXTREMELY hard. I took the 271/246 class together which was offered as "group teach". Unfortunately, the other teacher was dropped. There was 1-2 new books to read every week, and a 50 line response paper. The reading was impossible to keep up with. You can resist as much as you want, but he will make you think. Very interesting but hard.,2.5,5.0
Hard english class. West makes you work for your grade and the class is rewarding in that manner. I took 101 & the World Lit. class. The material he uses is very interesting, though definitely leftist (ughh, are there any teachers that aren't spewing their liberal propaganda?)We started with 40 students and ended up with 15. Tough class.,3.0,5.0
He is tough, but fair. The lazy ones will tend to get really uneasy with this guy. If you want to take more out from the subject other than writing in a college setting take this guy!,3.5,4.0
I loved, loved, loved this English class. It was incredibly difficult but extremely worthwhile and helped me grow as a writer because of the amount of feedback he gave and how much emphasis he put on the writing process. Smart people will enjoy this class. USE HIS OFFICE HOURS and you will reap the benefits.,4.5,4.0
West?s class was challenging and time consuming but worthwhile. His curriculum is interesting and organized and includes the analysis of novels and films through seminar discussions and essays. He emphasizes revision which allows writers to grow. He is by far the greatest English teacher I have ever taken. I highly recommend his class.,5.0,5.0
You can expect that Woody's classes will be challenging. You will learn some, work more than you'd like and come out wondering if you'd have gotten a better grade had you not revealed yourself as a conservative. He's a decent teacher and his class will prepare you to do well in other courses.. lots of work though and the level of learning is averag,4.0,5.0
Mr. West is one of the single greatest teachers I have had at BCC. People say the work load is hard, but this is one of those classes where if you consistently turn in your assignments, and make an effort, you will be rewarded with a good grade. Don't be turned away by difficulty ratings, this class will push you intellectually and enrich your life,5.0,2.0
Woody West is awesome. He'll really push your limits and if you can't keep up, drop the class. West takes pride that he's a harder teacher than others and he'll ask you to go beyond just your basic English -- Do the work and USE HIS OFFICE HOURS and you'll excel not only in this class, but any other English class.,4.0,5.0
"Wistful" Woody.I Abhor his class. He has a tremendous work load. In the beginning of the class he stated that he would have our papers graded within 7 days. That has yet to happen.I have receive 2 papers while I have completed over 7 papers. His class will take over your life. Avoid this class if you working &attending school. He loves communists,1.5,5.0
Very high standards. Ridiculous work load. If you want an a you basically have to be a scholar.,1.0,5.0
Good Ol' Woody...hahaha. Not an easy class by any means, but if you enter the class with the ability to write and follow directions, you will get an A.,2.5,5.0
Woody was by far one of the most challenging teachers I've ever had, this class was extremely difficult and required a lot of intellectual thinking.I work full time and take 20 credits per quarter and still managed to earn an A in this class. All you need to do is step out of the predetermined mindset that all BCC classes are easy and just LEARN.,2.5,5.0
The hardest class I ever tool. If you are looking for an easy class, this is not for you. The instructor has BIG expectations from students.,3.5,5.0
Easily the hardest class I have ever taken, but West is easily the most influencial teacher I've come across.I think his expectations are too high but that could be because of his passion for his students to learn and succeed. Self-evaluation in the final portfolio was confusing. Take his class if you want to learn, not for the easy A.,3.5,5.0
HORRIBLE professor! I worked hard and spent hours doing homework and yet I only received a C. He was not helpful and had the biggest ego of anyone I have ever met. I would not recommend this class to anyone,1.5,4.0
Tuff but is fun,3.5,5.0
STAY AWAY! Mr. West is SO rude and egotistical. He will make you feel stupid even if you work hard in his class. He doesn't seem to care about anything except himself. do not take his class if you can help it,2.0,5.0
I studied in Paris with Woody a few years back, and while he wasn't an easy professor, he was open and honest, and demanded a lot from students because he genuinely wanted them to succeed. When I think back on the most infuential college professors I had at BCC, he's top on the list.,4.0,5.0
Loves to discus personal matters in class. Waist of a classroom.,1.5,4.0
Mr. West has a very rigid personality so a lot of people don't mix well with him. Mr. West expects you to neglect the rest of your life for this class, if you do you will learn a lot but I would suggest that if you want an easy "A" stay away from this teacher.,3.0,5.0
I took his 101 and hated it, But I loved his creative 274 class.His classes are really work heavy which make most people mad.He is also a tough grader which also makes people mad.However if you listen to him you can write amazing papers. If you are interested in getting an education take his classes, if you just want an easy grade - stay far away.,2.5,5.0
super tough and restrict teacher. I dun think I learn anything from his class. 093 level class requires u having 101 level skill. Super crazy. Don't teach you anything. Ask you to think by urself. Suck~,1.0,5.0
Woody West is an egotistical hypocritical know-it-all. His teaching style is absurd, along with how he implements his ideas. He asks for "unique and individual thinking," and when presented with original thought shoots it down for what he believes is correct. He also is EXTREMELY hard to get an answer out of, or any clarification in the least bit.,1.0,5.0
I am a single mother of two young children who attend a school that has no before school care. I had to drop off my children at 9am and get to class by 9:30. I am work study and couldn't arrange my schedule any other way to support my work and classes. Tardiness was arbitrarily graded. West has too much privilege and no compassion for Others.,1.0,3.0
He is the best English teacher I have ever had. If you listen to him, he teaches you MORE than just english. He is very smart and everything i have learned from him will help me in the future. If you are looking for an easy class, do not take it. It is a rigourous course. however, if you are looking to LEARN, then TAKE THIS CLASS!,5.0,3.0
I took his class unaware of how hard it is. He has unrealistic expectations out of all of the students. I took 101 with 225 at the same time and he said that in order to do well we needed to take a 101 class before. WHAT?! I thought that was what I was doing? He made my work feel inferior, and I lost alot of sleep from this class.,1.5,5.0
I was not impressed or happy with this teacher at all. He is exteremly vague and hard to get information out of and at times can be un-aproachable with questions. He doesn't print out any rubrics or give any examples to assignments. His grade is based purely on his own opinion and will fail you even if you meet requirments. He doesn't teach.,1.0,5.0
Very, very challenging teacher. The work can be interesting and compelling, but it is extremely difficult, if not impossible. I just learned the extent of the midterm and am now dropping the class. He's also a really interesting, fun guy but he can, at times, be very rude and make you feel extremely dumb in front of everyone.,3.5,5.0
"I am a teacher; you are the student." He actually said that in an issue of The Jibsheet. Keep that in mind if you sign up for his class. That sociocentric ****; I hope he deep-fries in hell for making such a degrading comment toward students.,1.0,5.0
This man is extremly rude and lacks any common decency. If you do not agree with his opinions you will fail the class. He does not grade fairly, he bases grades on which students are his favorites.,1.0,1.0
Extremely demanding/challenged.Our assignments are the same with ENGL 101. One needs tons of time to deal with the paper.A little picky about papers. The frame of this class is through group work, seminar, watching movie, reading poems/novel, so it seems he teaches nothing.But if you work hard, I think you can get improvement. Anyway he helps me.,4.0,5.0
Woody's English class is one of the hardest classes I have ever taken. The homework he gives you will demand a lot of youre time. Most of the time you will spend in class will be analyzing books, poetry, and films that are very hard to understand. He is very strict. I would not recomend this class to immagrants that struggle with english.,2.5,5.0
his classes are quite inspiring and serious. He really want to prepare you for college level classes. But the assignments are hard, and really requires much effort and time dedicated to them. He also really strict about trivial things, such as number of lines and margins.,3.5,4.0
You either love or hate this guy. I learned more in his class than any other at BCC. He makes you think and question but demands a huge effort from his students. If you are willing to put in the time you can do well but it is not easy. I got an A but really worked for it. He prepares you for real college-level courses.,4.0,5.0
This guy doesn't know how to teach with a heart. He is arrogant, self centered and demeaning to his students. I did not have a good time. Yeah and his name does sound very stupid!,1.0,5.0
Woody is the hardest teachers I have ever had, he forced me to think about what I was learning instead of just spiting back material. Out of all the classes I have taken at BCC, I learned the most in his class. I would suggest taking a class from Woody if you are willing to put in some serious time, but its worth it.,2.0,5.0
This class is hard, but afterall it's the best class I ever had. He wants his students to think. At the end of the quarter I was surprized how much I got from him. This is a challenge, but it worth your efforts. If you want to get knowledge - highly recommend to take this class.,3.0,5.0
This guy is extremely weird. I hate his teaching methods. He is unreasonable and I highly recomend NOT taking one of his classes. He expects material to be learned completely out of the text. I think taking this class online would be more helpfull. He is terrible at explaining things.,1.5,5.0
Professor West is by far the most knowledgable, most passionate, and all-around best teacher i have ever had. Students who hate being challenged take it out on him. His class was the most educational and thought-provoking class i have ever taken. If you want to learn something from one of the most interesting men i have ever known, get him,4.5,4.0
This class is hell! Do not get in this class, it was the hardest class ever and he sucks at explaining and is really hard to talk to.,1.0,5.0
For sure the hardest class I have ever taken. It requires the most work and is more like a senior english class for major work than a basic expository writing course. Would not recommend this teacher for students who do not want to work extra hard. I learned a lot though.,2.0,5.0
Yes, it took a lot of time to write papers and read books but I work 25-30 hours a week and was able to meet the criteria. It was a challenge but well worth it in the end if you're willing to do your best. What you learn will help you a great in the future no matter what field of work you go into. This class was awesome and the prof was great.,5.0,5.0
He is impossible. I have no idea what grade I will get in this class but supposedly I am getting a D in seminaring. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. He expects 30 hours a week of work to be done! Who the hell has that much time?,2.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
A good guy, but you need to be prepared for his high expectations. He's demanding, and he'll expect alot from you. He's got a theory where he says he woun't lower his standards to meet your needs. There's alot of papers reguired and he gives you reading overload. Also, call him before you sing up for his class and ask him what he expects from you.,2.0,4.0
great teacher, he will challenge you to get better.,5.0,3.0
Bad teacher with a bad attitude. I wish I would have looked him up on this website before I took his stupid class.,1.0,5.0
Mr. West is a smart teacher who will challenge you and make you better!,5.0,4.0
Fun teacher, one that pushes you to make the needed steps to do the work. Overall a great teacher.,5.0,1.0
This class is to freaking hard...not only that but I came to class one minute late and my paper was considered late....horrible teacher, do NOT TAKE!,1.5,5.0
Very strict, very picky, not very clear on homework, expect ALOT, but he is clear on why he is this way. Its understandable but its still very hard.,4.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
I had heard this was an easy teacher from some of his previous students, WRONG! He is very intimatating when you meet him. He grades SUPER HARD and never really tells you what he wants you to do. Then marks it wrong because you did the assignment how you t,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
The most anal professor I have ever had. He is very picky about everything and likes things done his way.,2.0,5.0
Taking ENGL 201 with West is difficult but interesting. He's a little intimidating at first but generally is a fair and easy grader (if you write well and show up to class). He imposes strict deadlines for assignments, so make sure to turn things in on time. However, if you give him the time and day, he'll gladly return the favor.,2.5,3.0
HIs class can very hard. He is unclear on his expectations. He does not give a clear syllabus or calendar. This makes it hard to plan out the homework and papers when you have other classes and a job. He has high expectation. He frequently does graded seminars. Don't take his class if you don't like to do group work.,2.0,5.0
Meaniest person I think I have ever met, and he definitly wears to much spandex. He likes to make others miserable, and enjoys watching people fail. Stay away from this man!!,1.0,5.0
OKay...so meeting the guy he's way scary...but you'll find as teh quarter continues he becomes much more laid back. His class isn't easy...so if your a BIG slacker don't take from him...,4.5,3.0
OMFG! This guys needs to lighten up on his teaching status! Don't take 101 with this guy. I don't know about his other classes but this one was horrible!!!!!!!!!! He doesn't tell you exactly what to do then apparently you don't get it when you turn it in!,2.0,5.0
I highly recommend this instructor. His efforts to allow student lead learning through the seminaring process was refresing and rare at the undergratute level. However, his expectations were high, and he has a habit of condescending to students. His methods suited my independant learning style.,4.0,5.0
VERY HARD. . .DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS, HES A BAD TEACHER, AND NOT VERY HELPFUL, WAS MORE LIKE ENGL 201 THEN 101,3.0,5.0
This is the worst teacher I have ever had. He is rude, demeaning, inflexible, and unclear on what he expects in students' papers. I learned absolutely nothing in this class. DO NOT TAKE!,1.5,5.0
I wouldn't recommend taking a class from this guy. I showed up one minute late when we were watching a movie and he refused to give me credit for the day. He counts every single line on your papers to make sure they're long enough. All of his insight into movies comes from director commentaries.,2.5,4.0
DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS. I felt like I was taking Philosophy not English. Hard grader. I wound not recommend his class to anyone unless you enjoy watching movies and reading books about Philosophy and sex.,3.5,4.0
This guy should definitely reconsider his teaching style and aknowledge that we have other classes as well not only HIS!!! He sucks. NOT RECOMMENDED TO ANYONE!!!!!!,2.0,5.0
he was hard, but a good teacher, hes always there to help you. . .and you watch movies and write about them, much more interesting than novels.,4.5,4.0
He sucks as a teacher!We are in 101 to learn the basics in that level not to become teachers by the end of the quarter!!!! He expects Hell of a work and doesnt consider whatsoever our personal commitments!!! Not Recommended!!!!!!,2.0,5.0
NOT A GOOD TEACHER DON'T TAKE HIM,1.0,5.0
Thats right, he does have a high expectation from his students. He wants his papers long and somehow still be interesting. I found it hard to do. wouldn't recommend.,4.5,5.0
Woody is one of those profeesors (we've all had them) who thinks that his subject is the most important thing in the world. He thinks you should dedicate every waking hour for the next three months toi his class. He is also condescending.Steer clear.,2.0,5.0
HOLLA WOODY!!Your HELLA BOMB!!!,5.0,1.0
I wouldn't take a class with "Woody" again. He has high expectations. However, he has a superior attitude which I found grating. Catchphrase: "Thank you for shopping at BCC". I resented my education being devalued in this way.,3.0,4.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
No Comments,4.5,5.0
Took the Model UN class, and absolutely loved it! His bark definitely hurts more than his bite, but him coming from an international and years of teaching viewpoint is perfectly understandable. He really doesn't like teenagers.,2.5,5.0
Knowledgeable firebrand. Fair, but not to be messed with. His bark is worse than his bite, don't be intimidated. Model UN is fantastic,5.0,5.0
He is the worst professor! In class he talks about reading newspapers and understanding politics. How anyone is suppose to understand politics when the professor is reading newspapers in class. And in the end he gives you a test on the textbook, or thing you?ve never discussed in class. Don?t waste your time and money!,1.0,4.0
Awesome professor, only problem? Hard accent to understand at first, often unclear, tests are impossibly difficult.,3.5,5.0
These punks that just got out of HS don't know what hard work is. I am about to graduate from UW, and if you can't be tough & hard-working don't take Khan, but if you can handle a lot of good info and a strict teacher (who actually cares about students and wants them to succeed) then take him. He makes class fun! Wish he taught at UW.,5.0,1.0
I just don't like this teacher at all, and this is a hard class!,1.0,5.0
This class was horrible. Tasteless,senseless, and absolutely useless. The book was the only thing i learned from. the lectures were horrible. The teacher himself was late, and could never provide the right answer when questions are asked.He SUCKS NOT Recommended. rarely responds to emails, always opinionated towards students and the news.,1.0,5.0
Boring, of topic, hard to understand. I feel like I will fail class and no extra credit opportunities. Seriously pay attention to what everyone says in ratings!,2.0,5.0
If you are not already interested in the subject I would not recommend this class.The reason I say this is because he doesn't make interesting at all. He is a nice guy, but his lessons are not well structured and he sometimes is difficult to understand. For most of the class you are kind of on your own with just the text book.,2.0,3.0
He is not a very good teacher. You have to do most of the note taking and reading on your own!! And actually STUDY! for his tests but other then that he is a nice guy..even when you're failing he will lend you a helping hand and he is passionate and intellegent in his field..Hes pretty much experienced it.,3.0,5.0
Hated his class, had a very strong accent so it was hard for me to understand him let alone learn about the subject, wouldn't recommend him for first poli scie class, you'll get lost!!,1.5,5.0
Aslam Khan is one of the best professors I have ever had. He is tough because he makes you work for your grade and the right to be in his class. You have to demonstrate a will, want, and maturity or else you will just get the general education and absolutely nothing else of the wonders of the world he can teach you. Aslam Khan is one of the best!,5.0,5.0
Not an easy class at all. It's challenging and interesting. He's such an interesting, intelligent and passionate teacher. Take his class, work hard and you will leave the class with so much knowledge.,3.5,5.0
I love this guy! He is such a character, he can be unclear and often veers off of the subject during lecture. But he has a lot of interesting knowledge & I don't mind his tangents. I have taken 2 of his classes so far and am enrolled in one currently. Independent students will do the best, he is a college teacher not a high school teacher.,3.5,2.0
Really funny. This guy is a crack up. He travels all over and talks about the trips.,4.0,2.0
Khan is very funny. He does a great job of relating the class to current events which kept me interested. He has the class read the New York Times which was cool. Learned a lot. Funny guy.,4.5,2.0
Just because someone knows his field doesn't mean he can teach it. He does not like students' who have opinions that challenge his. Avoid his classes like the plague because he poisons students' mind with his negative views about America and life in general.,1.0,5.0
Skip Lecture; "it's like he just read the book last night and is repeating what he can remember." Study from the book, do all online exercises as they're basically the same as tests. Memorize oscure numbers, etc, from NYT articles read, for test.,1.0,3.0
Really intelligent and passionate about what he is teaching, but sometimes it's hard to understand what he's saying. Hard tests, but graded on a curve. And all of the answers for the hybrid class quizzes were avalible online, almost verbatim.,3.0,3.0
He is very well established in his field, and indeed an intelligent man, but he lacks teaching skills.,4.5,5.0
He is an inspiration! ... and a lot of fun! of course... his classes were not easy... but rewarding!!!,5.0,5.0
This teacher is pretty much assuming that school is the only thing you do right now, and you have plenty of time for it. Tests are spaced about every 10-14 days, each covering about 150 pgs of material and it's nearly your whole grade. He is very opinionated and always reminds the class how awful America is. I wouldn't take this class again.,3.0,4.0
I had many classes with Mr. Khan, and he is one of only few teachers at BCC who actually CARES about what he is teaching. He cares about the world and he is pretty fair and honest, although he can be stubborn, if you find facts for your side of the argument, show them to him and dont back down, he will respect you.,4.5,4.0
I don't recommend the partially online class because the assessments are really poorly written. Classes are all lectures so take a lot of notes. He did make political science more interesting for me but I wouldn't take this class over again.,2.5,3.0
Mr. Khan was one of my favorite teachers at BCC. One of the most energetic and passionate teachers that I encountered there. In addition he was challenging. It was fun to debate him on different points, when I could.,4.0,2.0
I am taking his class for the 5th time and I must say he is a character, but you just gotta take time to understand him. He is obviously passionate about what he does. I know that he has strong opinions but if you dont let him talk over you and firmly state your point of view, he will have to agree with you.,4.0,5.0
WORST TEACHER EVER! totally a waste of time and effort. even if you read and study hard, his tests are impossible. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. believe me you will regret it!,1.0,5.0
Ive had Mr. Khan twice and Ive enjoyed his class both times. As long as you take notes on the movies and lectures and read the chapters the tests will be easy. If you cant make a test/missed one he will schedule a time to make it up. hes not too helpful after class but as long as you take notes and read theres no need for questions.,3.0,2.0
This was the worst teacher i have ever had. Horrible communication/teaching combined with incredibly boring movies that had nothing to do with the insanely difficult tests. Do not take this teacher at all costs!,1.0,5.0
i couldnt really understand what he was saying and the assignments online were confusing,1.0,4.0
As long as you read the chapters and take notes on the lectures Khan is a good teacher and his tests are straight forward. He will go over what to study before each test which is nice. He is very leanient on missing exams and you can make them up on a later date in his office. He will help you take notes on the videos if something is missed.,4.0,1.0
The class was very easy. It was completely lecture based. We spent a great deal of time watching Vietnam War tapes. The grade you get in the class is completely based off of tests, and he grades it on a curve. The class is an easy "A". Don't need to show up to recieve an "A" just read the textbook before each test.,2.5,1.0
It is a lecture based class. Hes very smart and strict. No homework, all exams. Your exam grades as well as your overall grade are based on a tough curve. He spent little time lecturing on material that appeared on the tests. Way too many Vietnam videos (like 5+, wow). I learned what I anticipated, and found a few of his lectures to be insightful.,2.0,4.0
Polytical science is no the vietnam war. Terrible teacher. Absolutely terrible!,1.0,5.0
Khan is a absolutely terrible teacher! I have never had a wose teacher. I studied every day for this class and couldn't pull better than a C on the tests- even with the curve.,1.0,5.0
Khan is obviously a very intelligent man, he knows his history and his political science. What he is not, however, is a good teacher. He spends a significant amount of class time criticizing the class' general lack of knowledge on current affairs. Simply read the chapter, you don't have to listen to chapter lectures, or really watch vietnam videos.,1.5,1.0
Great teacher, and very smart. he grades on a curve so I love that idea. Be sure to study hard, and take good notes. thers only 5 tests throughout the course and a chance for extra crdit but its another test.,4.5,3.0
terrible.,1.0,5.0
He is very knowledgeable about current events and utilizes his own experiences to present a very compelling and realistic point of view. Sometimes people don't like to hear the truth.,3.5,4.0
He is a good teacher and his class is very interesting but his tests SUCK. very unclear. and hes not very helpful. if you have a choice take someone else. i know we dont have a big selection when it comes to political science at bcc,1.0,4.0
If your a liberal you'll like him. If you already know stuff about politics you'll do ok. If you're not DOOM ON YOU!!! You can still pass but you'll either have to work your but off or perswade your classmates to bomb with you(he rates on the curve).,1.5,4.0
He is challanging but totally worth it. College is suppose to be a place where you pay to learn something and let me tell you, you will learn something. Take the class it's beneifical and interesting. One word of advice: read the text and attend class ans you will go far.,4.0,3.0
very very liberal... take him if you want to hear idealogically assaulting lectures on why Karl Marx is the greatest man ever (and apparently the one most written about in history...?)... and why the UN is hte greatest establishment that has ever existed.... if you're conservative dont make it obvious.,1.5,3.0
Horrible teacher. Makes you look dumb if your a conservative. Cant understand his teachings anyway. Just don't take the class! No one does good in it.,2.0,4.0
Khan is the man and knows his stuff, study everything in the text and the vietnam tapes and you will get A's on all tests like I did. Cheers!,3.5,2.0
NOBODY SIGN UP FOR THIS CLASS... BOYCOTT HIM. HE SUCKS. HES RUDE, INCONCIDERATE, AND EVIL. IVE GOTTEN A D, C, AND F ON MY TESTS SO FAR AND I STUDY MY BUTT OFF... I HATE HIM,1.0,5.0
I really like this class! It is one of the best ones I have ever had. Khan is one of the greatest!!! He so SO smart to be just teaching, but we are lucky to have a professor like him at BCC. I think his intelligence and knowledge disturbs people but at the same time help us to want to be more educated... I admire him a lot!!,4.5,5.0
I have 2 admitt.. this teach is sumthin else! I really do enjoy the class. It's just when it comes to tests.. u have no idea what the hell is goin to be on the damn thing. All in all, its a decent class.. but i'd recommend a different teacher for easiness.,3.5,4.0
Good man he hates everyone thas not informed with whats goin on in the world hahahha but he is a great teacher and the curve for the tests is great i passed~!!,3.0,3.0
I enjoy his class very much, actually I'm in it this quarter. He is indeed very opinionated but I think that is what makes the class so intresting, you know it sparks discussion. I believe that he most likely isn't that way in real life, I mean come on he has to get the class going some how. I do agree the video tapes are very boring but I like the class in general. His tough teaching technique will help in the end, even if I can't understand a lot of what he is trying to say.,4.0,3.0
Opinionated and funny, I enjoy his class and how he ignores the arrogant people who assume everything they say is brilliant and relevant. Fairly easy class, he tells you what you need to do to pass and if you have something relevant to say there will be a good discussion. Sometimes hard to understand, but friendly.,4.0,3.0
great teacher. learned alot from him. just take good notes in class about everything he says. no need to read book if you dont want to but pretty interesting,5.0,2.0
An America bashing, mean man. Was extremely biased and unaccepting of any thought other than his own. Unfortunatley - people like him (uninformed) just like to complain. Easy to succeed in his class if you can put up with him,2.0,3.0
Very interesting person, very bad teacher. Unclear in what he's looking for. Has strong opinions; if you're going to dispute them you better know what you're talking about and be willing to stand up to him because he will pound you. Grades fairly. Read the text, pay attention to the videos, show up for class (he notices) and you'll do well.,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
This guy was amazing. He was so angry and hard to understand. His test I did not find hard because the curve saved everyone. Maybe I was in a dumb class but you could get a C on his tests and still pull an A after the curve. I did not agree at all with this political stance. He is a commey and will make you feel stupid if you too are not a commy. He does however have a few good points about other issues. But he will never care about your views unless they are also his. Not a fair and balanced place.,1.0,4.0
Political Science with Khan has to be one of the worst classes I have ever taken at BCC, or even at High School. Every Day Mr. Khan was 15 minutes late to class. All we did in class was watch the most boring vietnam videos I have ever seen. Then when he actually gave lectures you could never understand what he is saying, and when you did understand him you would notice a horrible political bias. (don't speak up if you want your participation points) That class was a waste of time, money, and energy.,1.0,4.0
Ugh. I like challenging classes but this one just sucked. He is very opinionated and hates to listen to someone challenging what he thinks. He is hard to understand and doesn't make it clear what you are supposed to be doing. He never smiled and was grumpy,1.0,5.0
He's funny as hell. I love how he belittles people, very political like. My advise, just shut up and listen. I hardly opened the book or studied and did fine. Plus, you can haggle him for a better grade.,3.0,2.0
Boring text, arrogant teacher and very biased. If a student challenges anything, he shuts them down. Very disappointed.,1.0,4.0
Great classes, totally sparked my interest in politics and now I work in the US House. Very fun and interesting unless you're a very closed-minded and ignorant person.,4.5,3.0
Competent and fair.,5.0,1.0
Worst teacher I've ever had in 2 years here! You do not have an opinion in his class. If you disagree with him, he'll try and make you look like a fool in front of the rest of the class. Just an old grumpy man,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
wow soooo much fun, i recommend him to anyone!,5.0,4.0
khan is a bad ass and he will shut you up if you do not make sense to him. vietnam tapes are noteworthy as he relates it to the current war very effectively, got an accent, does the occasional cussing and stumbles on his words every now and then;,2.5,2.0
Pretty Easy. Very Liberal. Not worth arguing with. He will laugh at you. You may want to smack him. Restraint is key. He may grow on you. Lots of Vietnam videos. READ THE BOOK! TAKE GOOD VIDEO/LECTURE NOTES! This man likes to talk. I voted for Bush, but still took him again. Attendence is good too.,2.5,2.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS unless you don't mind not learning anything. Instructor is rude, not very helpful and his jokes are CORNY. Vietnam tapes are hard to follow. Tests are never on material covered in class. Totally sucked :(,1.0,4.0
i went to calss every day and did all of my work and I am still failing his class! he has a VERY strong accent that is hard to understand and he does no work. he is very bias and does not listen to other people's views. his tests are EXTREMELY hard and I would not take this class again.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
Class was boring because we watched Vietnam War videos the entire quarter and didn't discuss political science issues enough. Tests would have things on it that weren't covered in the book and his accent makes it incredibly difficult to understand what he's trying to say. Take Prof. Tate's class!,2.0,4.0
heavy accent making him hard to understand. boring because you will watch video tapes all quarter on the vietnam war. four exams that are 100 points (100 questions) and they are difficult because he doesn't teach very well.,1.5,3.0
great teacher smart man he has his own opinions and some people are intimadated by them would deffinately take his class again,5.0,2.0
If you need 5 elective credits in social science just take one of many other easier classes. If this is a prerequisite class you have to take, so good luck to you man!,1.5,3.0
I disagree with the people who say that he is rude. I found him to be very nice, and the class was so easy. Just listen to his lectures, take notes, and read the book and you'll be fine. There's no homework, ever. I actually learned a lot from him :),3.5,1.0
Great teacher. Little homework, i learned a lot. If you have a problem tolerating your teacher's bias, then college is not for you.,5.0,1.0
I tried to ignore the fact that he couldnt teach, because i needed to take his class, but i dropped out.. couldnt handle it. I have a W on my record because of him. I would not recommend taking his class.,1.0,5.0
the laziest teacher I have ever had. He plays videos then tells you about the definitions in the book and his opinion of America and the President. The only assignments are 4 scantron tests. He doesn't know any of his student's names. He's hard to understand. The worst teacher I've ever had.,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
The people complaining didn't get the point of the class. A poli sci prof doesn't have to be unbiased. The point of the class is to learn how to examine and evaluate bias, not to look for your own opinion to be regurgitated for you. I am taking two more of his classes this quarter.,3.5,2.0
This guy knows his stuff, sometimes hard to understand and way overrated for his job; talks about his connections with high ranked journalists, man is makes good connections with past events and current world issues. tests are easy if you do reading, highly recommended.,4.0,2.0
This class is not recommended. I found the teachers accent made him hard to understand. There was no homework just read chapters in the book if you wanted. It helps if you do. Tests would be easier if you could understand him better.,1.5,3.0
This man should be fired. What a horrible teacher. In fact, he doesn't even teach. He just sprays liberal propaganda in everyone's faces. What a horrible, untalented, worthless man.,1.0,5.0
Very liberal! If you question something he gets REALLY defensive.,1.0,3.0
OK! He should write in his syllabus that no one can ask questions or everyone should agree with his point of view. This class should be based on debate and feeling open to say your opinion not his little dictatorship. "He is BETTER than Dr.PAYDAR because is less of a dictator!",1.0,3.0
total jerk,1.0,1.0
He is much more focused upon looking intelligent and imposing his political views upon us. VERY liberally biased in his teaching. Not even slightly balanced in his presentation of information. Seems to get annoyed with you if you ask a question.,2.5,2.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
If you think about it, you will see what Vietnam has to do with politics. Nice example of how politics can go bad. Khan's class is easy and informative, as long as you do the reading and attend fairly regularly. Easy tests. Sort of rude, but also funny.,5.0,2.0
Bad,1.0,4.0
This dude is HORRIBLE. Since when is a whole quarter of what should be studies of AMERICAN GOVERNMENT completely focused on less then average Vietnam videos. The tests are ridiculous as well. If you want a real poly class dont take Kahn.,5.0,4.0
bad,2.0,3.0
Class is easy but disappointing since I thought it would be more about politics and the evolution of political ideologies than VietNam. Sooo liberally biased, takes every opportunity to demagogue and make non-democrats look stupid. Infatuated with Marx,2.5,1.0
hard to understand. read the book you will do fine. Not a good intro course if you plan to take POLSCI classes at another university Vietman tape would have been helpful in a history class. he is very opinionated.,2.5,2.0
Extremely easy course, baically gave us all the answers in class. I thought the Vietnam series was very informative, they never taught us that in high school. :P He doesn't hate anyone (except GWB), he's just a smart aleck.,4.5,1.0
doesn't teach much. just reviews or watch vietnam tapes. doesnt really cover the material very well. what does irish emigration have to do with poly sci.,1.0,5.0
He hates teenagers, the US goverment. Loves bad jokes and the vietnam war. He makes it hard to know what will be on the multiple choice tests and its tough to find motivation to show up. **TIP** show up the day after the test, thats when he takes atten,2.5,3.0
Class curriculum was easy. Test questions came right out of reading and notes, often written on the board during class, or during video material presented. Class discussions very opinionated, but class rarely had anything factual to back up statements.,4.5,2.0
Tests are difficult, there are 4 of them. There are also a few bonus point quizzes. Majority of the class is just watching a bunch of Vietnam war documentaries.,2.0,3.0
Very Hard to understand. Is a very smart guy, but does not teach well. I dont think he likes the US gov. that much either. Most of all you dont know what he's saying...,1.0,5.0
No Comments,3.0,2.0
This teacher definitely wants her students to pass. And she does make very clear that you just need to show up and participate to get that grade. Its easy. She is accommodating with injuries but not how fast you can learn to dance. She is a bit prudish sometimes but otherwise she tries her best to work with her students.,3.0,2.0
This is the second time I'm taking dance class with her. She is an amazing teacher who cares about her students. Very reasonable and understandable teacher. I learned a lot in her class and would offer you to take her classes. She is so kind and has too many methods to teach you.,5.0,2.0
This was my first dance class and to be honest I took a like in dance because of her. As a beginner I was more hard-working and punctual to class and I hardly missed a class. Therefore, I was able to get a good grade. However, students who miss classes quite often tend to get bad grades just as they deserve it.,4.0,2.0
She is a great teacher! Easy and fun class to take :),5.0,1.0
Betty Ann is so sweet! The class is very fun, and your skill level doesn't decide your grade. One thing is that she can be kind of pushy about taking other dance classes which can be pretty awkward sometimes, but aside from that she was great!,3.5,1.0
Sweet lady but not very good at dancing. I had to learn how to do most of the moves from the other dancers who knew what they were doing. Class is easy but can be boring sometimes.,2.5,1.0
Nice teacher, and a very fun class! The downside is that she doesn't explain very well. If you have a bit of dance experience, it should be easy. If not, it will be a bit fast paced for you. Other than that, its a fun class!,2.5,1.0
This was my first ever dance class. She was helpful and considerate. I'm not a person who likes to dance, but she definitely does make it fun.,3.5,3.0
Betty Ann could easily pass for the Wicked Step Mother in Cinderella. At first, she is sweet, but as the days go on, she will insult you and take away opportunities unless she thinks you are fabulous, or you suck up to her and do whatever she says. I felt like Cinderella before the ball, but watch out BA because we all know what happens in the end!,1.0,3.0
Betty Ann has been dancing for quite a while, runs the school dance company, and knows how to bring her students into one of the hardest forms of dance - ballet - with ease. I've been dancing for years and she's helped me to polish my own technique. is a great class to take if you haven't danced in a while or want to learn and are just starting.,5.0,2.0
I love Betty Ann! She has a lot of dance experience and really knows what she is doing. If you tell her you want to improve and are serious about dance, she will take notice and put the extra effort into helping you. She puts a lot of importance on attendance, but if you only miss 1 or 2 classes, you should be fine.,3.5,1.0
After taking two quarters of her dance class, I realized that Betty Anne is very discriminating and not accommodating when it comes to a student with a disability. I could tell that she only tried to accommodate the student due to the letter of the law and not the spirit of the law. I hope she tries to listen to the student more,2.5,1.0
BC is never a technical dance school therefore dance classes offer here are pretty manageable. If you are looking for intensive dance classes, please go to Cornish. With that said, Betty Ann is a great dance instructor for this purpose. Not only she goes easy on her students, she also wants her students to enjoy the warmups and simple routines,4.5,1.0
Although Platt is an older teacher, there isn't an excuse for leaving class for your computer. Several times this quarter Platt left her class to their own devices. I came in expecting a class, and i got a bad baby-sitter. She's ok as a beginner teacher if you aren't serious about dance; if you are steer away from dance at Bellevue.,2.0,1.0
She's seems fine for the first quarter you take from her, but if she persuades you to join the company she completely goes crazy. She's inconsistent, rude, and her teaching style is useless. I've been dancing for 15 years and she's the most unprofessional person I've ever worked with. The company has a retention rate of about 4 people from 25.,1.5,1.0
I've been dancing for a little over 7 years and though Betty Ann is a sweetheart, I wish she had something to offer those of us who have prior dance experience. Though I don't want to dance professionally, I do want to be pushed in my abilities and it's definately not happening any time soon in her class.,4.0,1.0
Betty Ann is hard to work with and completely unreasonable. She does not have a censor to anything she says and will say it regardless of if it is rude or unprofessional. Instead of encouraging, she WILL put you down. I've taken her other dance classes and she discourages less, but don't join the dance company if you don't want dance ruined for you,1.0,1.0
I have taken dance my whole life worked professionally around the NW. Platt is incappable of teaching dance. She provides nothing for the experienced dancers. She teaches technique incorrectly to beginners and does not correct or help them improve in any way. Her warmup is useless, choreo is dry and outdated, across the floor is a joke.,1.0,1.0
I've had several quarters of ballet with Betty Ann. She is an awesome teacher and very helpful. She's good at allowing those who want to just have fun enjoy themselves while really working with and pushing those who are a little more serious.,4.5,1.0
I took Ballet 1 with no previous experience and it was great! Betty-Ann is so patient and helpful. sometimes explanations of new steps were a little fast, but stick with it and you'll pick it up. she is willing to go over it as much as you need. class was nicely balanced with warm-ups and technique, group routines, and student choreography.,4.5,2.0
I really enjoyed taking the dance class and think that Betty Ann does a wonderful job accomodating a variety of dance abilities. I like how she designs the class: a combonation of dance warm-up and technique, work across the floor, learning a dance routine and then student choreography. It was a great experience.,5.0,2.0
Betty Ann is hands down the best teacher I have ever had in dance. Not only was this class challenging, but she creates such a positive learning atmosphere. She is always cheerful! If you try and care she will give you an A! If you can, take what ever class she is teaching next quarter. :-),5.0,3.0
I had the priviledge to read the awful and deceitful comments one week prior to the end of Fall Quarter and it's a shame that some students would say lies simply because they aren't willing to work. Ballet requires a lot effort in and out of class to be successful. If some students are not dance material and committed, then ballet isn't for them.,4.0,2.0
Proffesor Platt is a good teacher. The reason people say she is evil is because in ballet you do have to work hard and not waste your time. And it is hard to be respectful when students come to the class not eager to learn and show up whenever. Ms. Platt is very professional and always sensitive to students' needs. She is kwoledgeable and carefull.,4.0,2.0
I took her contemporary dance class (beginner's class) and I looked forward to attending it everyday. Betty Ann knows her stuff. She's always willing to go over anything that we need clarification on and I've never once seen her act negatively to any of her students. She's also pretty understanding when someone is injured or sick.,4.0,1.0
Ballet II is great class w/Betty Ann. She's a kind and inspiring teacher. Lots of dancers take her class as an audit because the price is a bargain, the barre work she teaches is careful yet so fun. I love her classes.,5.0,4.0
Jazz 1 is a total fun and easy class.Its filled with tons of good music and lots of cool dance moves. She knows how to get all the students motivated even through some of most depressing rainy days.,5.0,1.0
Great teacher. From what I have heard from my friends who have taken ballet elsewhere she teaches it differently than most teachers do. The choreography project may seem daunting at first, but it can be very fun and, depending on which quarter you take her class, you get a chance to perform it in the theater if you want. Very fun class.,4.0,1.0
Ballet became my world when I took a class from this instructor & I keep coming back. Her classes are the best part of my life! We have so much fun & its a creative & suppotive environment & she is fair & cares! ;) No matter what level you will feel, encouraged & supported. She is the best/kindest I have taken from. Everyone loves her! :),5.0,3.0
I don't know why the heck everyone on here says she's evil - she's SOOOOO NICE!!! She really wants you to succeed, and if you just show up to class and are interested in improving, you'll do great. Any kind of dance you can take with her - DO IT!,5.0,1.0
This was, hands down, the worst class I've ever taken at BCC. I've NEVER hated a class like this one. She completely favors the experienced dancers in the class and ignores those of us that might actually, yanno, need her help! Half the time she was in her office taking phone calls instead of teaching. I wish I had dropped this damn class.,1.0,5.0
Betty Ann is a good teacher when shes happy. I never got picked on but I do feel for the beginners in the class. She is veryy mean to them. She also picks favorites and are usually from her dance company. She pay so much more attention to them vs the whole class or beginners! I go for my regular stretches and dance , so dont bother me as much.,2.5,1.0
Worst teacher I have ever taken. Her "extra credit" is pretty much mandatory- she made a girl cry in class because her grandfathers funeral was the same day as the extra credit was and Mrs. Platt asked if she could possibly skip a some of it...She definitely picks favorites-very obvious... I wouldn't recommend her to anyone.,1.5,2.0
I was not impressed. She didn't teach the beginners (which was most the class) how to stretch properly. They could have seriously injured themselves. I was in Jazz Dance but all she could talk about was her ballet students. I have taken dance at schools in the past and I learned a million times more. I will not take a class from her again.,2.5,1.0
Amazing teacher. I'd love to keep taking her classes on a regular basis.,5.0,1.0
Great teacher!,5.0,3.0
A note: I took Jazz I as well as Contemp I. The extra credit is mandatory, so she's a bit of a liar when she says it's not. Wonderful teacher. I'd like to keep taking her courses, but I'll only be taking one more.,5.0,1.0
Platt is an alright teacher, as long as her students have good attendance. The only thing that I really don't care for about her, is that she picks favorites... really obviously. She doesn't care for running starts students very much, and she points it out regularly. Catagorizing students is not the mark of a great teacher.,3.5,2.0
Betty Ann is pretty weird but it's kinda entertaining. If you are a beginner, I recommend taking her. If you are way advanced, it's probably not worth your time. I've taken Betty Anns classes for 4 quarters now just because its a fun, easy class.,4.0,1.0
Good teacher, easy to follow and makes sure you are where you belong in a class. The Extra Credit is not optional but she calls it that because she is just a really nice person and doesnt want to be disliked. Very aproachable.,5.0,3.0
I also took her Contemporary Dance I class, but I liked Jazz I so much more. Her class is an easy A. The extra credit dance is required, even if she says it's "optional".,3.5,1.0
Mrs. Platt sort of lives in her own world, but her class is an easy A, and it's a decent dance class.,2.0,1.0
She is the absolute worst ballet teacher I've ever had. She REQUIRES students to do extra credit.. She favors the ballet II's over the ballet I's. She never dances with us.She told me that I was 'not ready' for pointe, yet when I started pointe at my studio they told me that I was more than ready. She's horrible.,2.5,1.0
Mrs. Platt is interested in dance and helps her students learn. This is an easy class to get an A in.,2.5,1.0
she is really weird. i dont think she likes our class...,4.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
I have primarily taken her ballet classes. I love her class so much that I have continued to take (audit). She makes dance fun and is knowledgeable, and capable. She provides a supportive teaching environment for all levels. I don't like how Co. Members may get advantages, nor that the Co. keeps her so busy. Combined levels can be frustrating.,4.5,3.0
Contemp Dance: Easy class. I got an A. Go to class everday and participate, that's it! Platt is nice but doesnt have good memory on names. Don't wear jeans to class. wear: shorts, pants, t-shirt, etc.,4.5,3.0
...,4.0,4.0
evil...,3.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Don't take this class unless you like listening to lecture upon lecture. He was harsh and didn't make class interesting or fun. He was very monotone and didn't engage the class.,1.0,3.0
I took class from Dennis my first quarter at BC, and I 100% regret it. Class consist of him talking at you for 90 minutes, about things that will not be on your test (which you have one every week) He is a genuine guy, but just doesn't know how to teach.,1.0,4.0
Heres the deal, Mr. Wanamaker was a nice guy, but its a good thing I found Psycology interesting on my own. There was zero outside communication and limited in class communication. His test questions were worded confusingly and are super specific. Hell turn one-time side comments into test questions. I wouldnt take a class from him again.,2.0,3.0
He was nice. He doesnt understand tech. He also grades all homework with an A if u have something on the page. Tests are ok. Mid term and final are hard,3.0,3.0
After completing a hybrid class from him, I would reconsider a choice to take a hybrid/online. A complete lack of resources on canvas means attendance is imperative and using the book is useful. Quizzes are outdated and not completely related to the material. Not a great course in terms of learning or ease of a passing grade, but doable.,1.0,3.0
I took his hybrid class for Fridays only. He was always nice. Class starts at 9:30 and thats when he will start lecturing. attendance matters because you have a quiz every class. He tells you everything you need to know for quizzes. Just do the key terms he gives you and any other small assignments and the class is a breeze.,3.0,2.0
He was a niceish person, but he refused to do anything online. I had him for a hybrid class and he wouldn't even put our test scores and grades on canvas, he would make US keep track of our grade. He was confusing and the most boring person to listen to in the world. Would not recommend ever.,1.0,3.0
He seems nice, but I took a hybrid class and he didn't really use Canvas or the online materials, which made it hard to understand when things were due because he wasn't great at explaining in class. I ended up getting a bad grade because I missed a lot of assignments that I was unclear on the due dates for. Also, his lectures are super boring.,2.0,3.0
Overall, he's a sweet person. I actually liked his class, though he can be unclear when it comes to tests. They were confusing since the material he told us to study was a bit different from the material that was on the tests. Just pay attention in class, learn the vocab and DO the reading if he assigns any, you should be fine.,3.0,3.0
I'm not sure how I got an A in this class. The tests are a matching style and often there would be vocab/questions on them that I had never heard of. For this reason, I do not think the tests are easy. You need to know a lot of vocab. Plenty of awkward moments in class, and that made it sort of enjoyable.,3.0,3.0
Everything is vocab based, and none of that is on the final. Avoid if possible.,2.0,5.0
Dr. Wanamaker is a wonderfully, kind man and I highly enjoyed the one on one discussions we had. However, his tests are every Friday , worth 50% of your grade and can be rather difficult as definitions are in his words. Please read the syllabus as it clearly explains missing one of the tests results in your final exam's grade being applied to it,3.0,4.0
Very confusing because his class is literally based all on vocabulary, and all his quizzes were matching vocab, but then when it got to the final there was barley anything we had talked about in class on there! Avoid If you want a good final grade.,2.0,3.0
Dennis was a good professor, it wasn't an easy class, well obviously your in college. If you do your work when it's assigned and don't procrastinate you'll be fine. Honestly I didn't read any of the book and I passed with a B, only because I took really detailed notes in class. Don't skip class on quizzes and labs because you can't make those up.,4.5,3.0
Good guy, putrid teacher. He's nice and funny and will try his best to help if you ask but don't expect anything. He talks very slowly and boringly, but still can't communicate his expectations or assignment criteria. Seems like he doesn't want to be there. He refuses to even give you your grade. Mandatory attendance makes it absolutely unbearable,1.5,4.0
I'm not sure why he has such terrible reviews. Yes, he's older but I really enjoyed his class. Expect weekly homework assignments, not hard but time consuming. There is one group project due at the end of the quarter, pick partners wisely! His lectures can be long but he's very knowledgable. Very nice professor too.,3.0,2.0
Dennis doesn't talk much, but he is a good professor. He assigns homework every week, but it is super easy, I don't event think he reads what you write. His quizzes are based on vocab and HIS definitions NOT the books, so listen to him in class and take notes. If you study for quizzes and take notes and do homework, you will pass no problem.,3.0,3.0
He seems nice & if you're just filling credits go for it, but I wouldn't take this class again. It's all group work while he sits back or sometimes even bails. Instructions aren't clear (he doesn't write them out properly) & he doesn't communicate very well, especially online. Seems like he doesn't really want to be there which is demotivating.,2.0,3.0
Dennis was an adequate professor. His hybrid Psych 101 class was very structured - quizzes, lectures, and discussion were all on the same day each week, which is a good thing. His lectures tend to feel like droning noises after a while, but that's okay, because as long as you read his lecture notes you should pass the quizzes.,4.5,1.0
The quizzes are nonsense. The very first quiz he handed us was a matching quiz, and one of the questions was literally "911" and the matching terms were whether it was a "dependent variable" or an independent variable." I don't even know how that is psychology. I am an A+ student, and he gave me a C+ because of these ridiculous questions.,1.0,2.0
Do not take PSYCH w this teacher. I took a hybrid course, boring videos to watch and write a paragraph on. Class lectures were boring which made tests difficult, nothing was clearly explained, did not post grades on canvas even after the class begged, he insisted we keep track ourselves. One partner project worth a lot so pick a good one.,1.5,4.0
Prof. Wanamaker is very friendly and nice, however, his lectures are often long and boring. He loves what he teaches, but has a hard time making his students feel the same. Weekly quizzes based on lectures, as well as weekly video reflections. Easy, just time-consuming. Quizzes are matching using Scantron, easy until he switches to multiple choice.,3.0,3.0
Literally the most boring professor I've ever taken. Quizzes are mix and match (on scantron) between 20 different questions so that there's 4 A's 4 B's 4 C's, 4 D's, & 4 E's so it's impossible to check over your answers. His quizzes are all concept related, he teaches on the day of the quiz, there's weekly readings & video notes & overall horrible!,1.0,5.0
Despite the horrible reviews, I took this class and ended up loving the class and Wanamaker. Yes he is older, but he has lots of knowledge in this subject. Also, the bad reviews probably come from students who are disrespectful; I was a good student and showed respect and that's what i got back...,2.5,2.0
For me PSYC 100 with Professor Wanamaker was a fun, easy class. He was a good teacher for learning the basics, but anything higher I probably would like a different teacher. Overall it's a good class :),3.0,3.0
Tests are easy if you take notes during lectures. No need to even study. Homework doesn't take up very much time at all. Pick your partners wisely for the group project. Learn a lot if you pay attention and just show up to class. Easy, low stress level class.,4.5,2.0
Good teacher. Super easy grader. It's true, he's not very clear or good at answering students' questions, but that shouldn't harm your grade. All the homework and schedule are posted online. Take notes during his lectures and you will do well on the quizzes.,2.5,1.0
Awful. He says one thing, then the other is on the test. The tests are very confusing and hard. He is very opinionated and stuck in the old days. He is very very kind hearted and sweet, just not a good teacher at all. Also doesnt really know how to use a computer...,1.0,5.0
He doesn't sound like he knows what hes talking about at all, he's very unclear about projects and he never answers your questions clearly. He has lectures and weekly quizzes that aren't hard if you take notes, and the textbook is not very useful. He isn't helpful at all. If you actually like psych, don't take this class. You'll be disappointed.,1.5,2.0
Terribly boring and disorganized. He required several assignments due each week, lost several of mine, but was not willing to give extra credit or allow me to make up for the assignments that HE lost. Will avoid him at all costs in the future.,1.5,3.0
Great teacher. Super easy. Lectures are kind of slow but interesting. Have matching quizzes every Monday that are on a list of definitions each week. I studied an hour before and got A's on all the quizzes.,5.0,1.0
He has matching quizzes w/ the definitions of key terms. You will have to be present during lectures to get the right definition as he doesnt use the book for it. He uses his own definitions. The online component consists of writing video summaries. It is fairly easy but very tedious. It was not a challenging course at all. Final exam notes allowed,4.0,1.0
Very pleaseant proff. He may be an older guy but has a ton of experience in the feild which makes him a very knowlegable guy. Unfortunately his lectures do drag on a bit, but if you talk good note and suppliment them with the text book you will do fine.,4.0,3.0
I think Prof Wanamaker is well meaning, and I personally liked him, this class was quite underwhelming. He lectures his "key terms" from memory, and often they do not match up with the book which makes it difficult to study and prepare for quizzes. The wording used on the matching quizzes is perplexing even for the best prepared of students.,3.0,2.0
I still signed up for this class despite some of the negative reviews. As long as you take notes on his lectures and use the textbook once in a while to look up definitions, the class really isn't that bad. However, he is rather unfamiliar with using technology, so be prepared to bear with that.,3.0,1.0
Tests were extremely easy--matching terms to definitions. All information is presented in lecture. Opened my book maybe 3 times. He's not terribly comfortable with technology, and I do wish the course was a little more challenging.,2.5,1.0
Took HYB over summer. Surprisingly alot of work for 100 level class. His test are right from his lecuture notes. First quiz I didn't study his notes and got a C. After that I studied his lecture notes and got all A's. Group project at the end of class not too hard just time consuming. Alot of videos to watch and respond to.,3.0,2.0
Teaches history. If you want to learn psychologISTS, their history and the name of their theories have fun. If you want to learn psychologY itself, take someone else.,2.0,2.0
DONT TAKE CLASS!!!!!! hes horrible, class sucks and the only interesting thing about the class is the fun facts you find in the textbook. Him describing an assingment clearly is comparable to a 2 year old explaining it to you, he doesnt help you, and doesnt respond to emails.class isnt difficult but he makes it stressful when it shouldnt be,1.0,3.0
He was an okay. I expected interaction and I believe that he wanted the class to participate, but when they did, he really didn't know what to do with it.,2.0,1.0
Wanamaker is an okay teacher in terms of niceness. However, his teaching skills is almost always lacking. I tried emailing him several times with my problems regarding the online portion of the class (I took a Hybrid Class) and he never answered them. Overall,I recommend this class if you're good at self-studying.,1.5,2.0
Not a good teacher at all. Wasn't helpful when I asked questions and tried to write funny questions on the test that were just kind of lame. More concerned with getting a maple bar after class than helping students with problems.,2.5,2.0
Do not take him for summer quarter. To much work not enough time. Unclear about everything(homework, project,tests,slides,class schedule,in-class schedule)His tests do not accurately portray your true understanding of the material. His system is 20 questions 20 answers but only "a-e" used over and over in a pool from which you choose your answers.,1.0,4.0
Unorganized, doesnt clearly define the terms, his quizzes dont make sense, I didnt learn anything, DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASSS.,1.0,3.0
Very nice person. Had great labs. Im taking classes with him again :o),4.0,2.0
He is really nice and seems to like his students. He tries to make it interesting but his lectures are really boring and it's never in order so for people who like order, not so good. Also, the tests are pretty easy as long as you study his key terms.,2.5,2.0
This teacher's awful. Not only are all of his lectures boring, and he can't seem to answer questions reasonably, but all of his quizzes are ridiculous and don't make any sense at all! On one of the tests my friend studied for four hours and I (who didn't study at all) got a higher grade than her. They're so poorly made that it's complete guesswork.,1.0,5.0
I can't believe that anyone could make such an interesting topic boring. What a shame. Bring a pillow to his class. You'll need it.,2.0,3.0
You will regret taking his class. You have been warned.,1.0,5.0
One of the worst teachers I've had in college. He seemed more confused about the material than I was. Mouth noises (such as smacking your lips) really irritate me, and this guy made them constantly. Such a boring class. His tests are matching and ridiculously easy. He's just an awful teacher and extremely annoying. Didn't learn a thing.,1.0,1.0
What a waste of money and time! Unless you're good at hybrid classes and working independently, then this class is for you. A very boring class to attend, Wannamaker as an individual, seems very pompous (perhaps because of his degree); I would not recomend him to anyone. You're better off reading the book for yourself. His teaching style is garbage,1.0,4.0
GREAT TEACHER! I was appalled at the previous comments. I have learned so much in this class. Dennis is educated, passionate about his subject and extremely helpful. The syllabus makes everything crystal clear and as long as you read the chapters, show up to class, and do the final which is very simple, you'll ace it.,5.0,2.0
HE SUCKS!!! the weekly quizzes that reflect on nothing in his lecture or the stupid online crap! Like seriously his class is a headache and a half and very stressful. he doesnt like repeating when things are due or what he wants when turing in work. he passes out examples of how he wants you to turn in work!,1.0,5.0
This teacher has a good heart, but honestly he should not be teaching. He was not helpful at all, his lectures are scatterbrained and his assignments are unclear. If you want to learn Psychology don't take from him. Most student failed every test because they were so vague and not over class material.,1.0,2.0
From what I remember, he was very clear on explaining the curriculum but NOT on the assignments. He tends to say the due dates only once but like for me it just went over my head at times. So if you pay attention and write down pretty much everything, you'll do great. If frequent note-taking isn't for you, I suggest you not take this class.,2.0,2.0
His teaching wasn't very benificial. The assignments were ok, but the weekly exams were hard. Before each exam he puts up key terms from the ch. and talks ALL period. LOTS of lecturing. But he ALWAYS goes off topic, and usually doesn't give the exact definition. He doesn't explain terms fully. I could tell a lot of people were lost in that class.,1.5,4.0
Not a great prof. Not easy to follow, not helpful.,2.0,5.0
I would advise not taking this class. I did not learn anything at all from the lectures and was much better off just reading the book on my own. His directions were unclear and he did not answer questions very directly.,2.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Very unclear in all of his directions, said different things in the syllabus than in class, never knew if I was doing the homework the correct way. I didn't feel like I learned anything. His lectures were useless. At least I got a good grade with minimal effort and only went to class 2x a week, but still a very useless class when taught by him.,1.0,1.0
The lecture isn't really a lecture it is an overhead with definitions and he wants students to ask questions which meant you just read one of the words on the overhead and he would give the definition. That's it! You had to figure out what was important. Online psch was great. Just do all the questions in the text & online.,1.0,5.0
Don't take! He seemed a little self absorbed, someone who likes to hear himself talk as much as possible. The whole class was him talking but saying nothing, the book did all the teaching while he just handed out test. When asked a question he would often not answer clearly, or he would say 'yes' or 'no' and not elaborate at all.,1.5,2.0
Save yourself the trouble and just read the book/go to the website. Trust me, you'll get more our of it than out of his lectures. His teaching style is focused around questions- that is, teach yourself, ask about something you don't know, and hope he says something interesting. Chances are, he won't.,1.5,3.0
This instructor is just going through the motions. If you ask him a question outside the textbook material he has a hard time answering. You basically teach yourself the material through reading the book and the online content (hybrid). This is a rote learning class, if you really want to integrate the information, take it from someone else.,1.0,3.0
He seemed interesting the first day, I mean he is a nice person but he doesn't make much sense. everything I learned was from the book. Whenever I asked about grades he told me not to worry I ended up with an unsatisfying grade. When someone asked a question in class he would never seem to answer that question...I do not recommend taking his class,1.0,3.0
hybrid. i thought he was actually pretty interesting. some test questions were never in book or website. hard copies of scantron tests never returned, so you never know which questions you got wrong.once i asked to see my errors, but he never brought a test for me to see. got an A, but worked my tail off - did all the work in the book and website,3.0,4.0
This guy was unclear about assignments and when they were due. Even when i went up and talked to him about it, he didn't make any sense. The quiz and test questions were not always in the book, and the classes were insanely boring.,2.0,4.0
easy class,3.5,1.0
Sooooooooooo booooorrrriiiiiiinnngggg.,2.0,3.0
he was a very nice guy but i was really confused because i was expecting a much better grade than the grade i received,2.5,3.0
This teacher was horrible, he would give out homework assignments, be unclear about when they were due or even what they were. Then he would test you on material that was very vague, some random name out of the book, or that you didn't even know, and grade you on it. I would NEVER reccomend this teacher to anyone!,2.0,3.0
very good teachet , all you need is to attend class , most of the answers for exams are in the lecture , 1 project is due, and is very easy...,4.0,2.0
This is a good class to take if you like reading textbooks. The entire class is just him lecturing on the chapter you read for that week, and then a 20 question multiple choice test. The only bad part is that some of the questions aren't in the textbook so I found the question/answer sessions more helpful than the actual readings.,3.5,3.0
The worst teacher. Very boring and and he gives out confusing hw assignments and his tests are very hard. He is not very helpful either. The worst class and the worst, most boring teacher!,1.0,5.0
Very nice teacher! Leactures are fun! One of the better teachers here at BCC! I would highly recommend him! Most of his classes meet once a week, but a lot of homework to accomplish during the week! Easy to follow and knows what he is teaching!,5.0,1.0
BORING! No need to go to class except for tests and the tests are hard because he seems to give the wrong information you need to study. The reading is very interesting though. I will NEVER take this teach again...save yourself!,3.0,2.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
BORING! He knows his info, but should not be teaching. Even though the class was pretty easy, I got a B because he was so unclear about what he expected. By midterm I was skipping half the classes to avoid the torture. Avoid at all costs.,1.0,4.0
Teacher added nothing to the class. all material was out of the book. class time was spent re-hashing what was said in the book.,1.0,2.0
No Comments,2.5,1.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
He's a nice guy, but I think he'd rather talk about golf than psychology. He was pretty unclear about homework and quizzes. He made lectures that could be really interesting pretty boring. I didn't feel like I learned that much.,2.0,3.0
ONE Word- BORING.,1.0,3.0
Boring... he is not clear about quizzes...Basically you don't learn anything,1.0,3.0
I took the telecourse, so one lecture a week. Really interesting, took the time to talk to us. The class was easy if you did the reading because there were only three exams and no homework. Really interesting!,5.0,2.0
I took this class over the summer and it was pretty easy. My only complaint was that he is very unclear about what he wants. Just do the reading which is not that bad and youl do fine.,2.5,2.0
Weekly reading, assignment, and quiz. Boring lectures are helpful for quiz prep. This class is easy.,5.0,1.0
Unclear about what he wants with the term homework, but helpful in making sure you know the material.,3.0,3.0
easy class, but boring lectures (reading the book is better then going to the lecture)...doesn't really answer question asked,1.0,3.0
Overall fairly easy class. Lectures were mostly interesting, but a ton of busy work. Spent more time on homework than learning the material. He is also unclear about what is expected to be done on homework and the group project.,1.5,2.0
Great class.,3.0,2.0
He is GREAT! and VERY easy! Stronglly recomended!,5.0,1.0
Fun class, take it with a friend so you can share the course work.,5.0,1.0
Easy as pie. Make sure you do the work. Join the class with a friend and have each person do half the worksheets... so much faster.,4.0,1.0
This class is awesome, take it for a elective,5.0,1.0
This class is a breeze. Just do the reading and show up for quizzes--that's all,3.0,1.0
The more stupid you are, the more he will like you. If you are a bit smart, you'll be in trouble. So, pretend you are an inept like him.,1.0,5.0
very easy teacher all the students got A's. but learned nothing,2.5,1.0
he is very flexible and required a little bit of writing, but it was really easy and if you turned it in, you basically got an A.,3.5,2.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
Great Professor, really involved in student clubs etc.,4.0,2.0
Dr. Early was hands down my favorite professor this past semester (fall sem as a freshman) due to his clear and concise lectures and lots of help given during his office hours. come with questions prepared and hell also help with general lecture topics. always check your PS with him for a 100 and sit in the front row, hell appreciate you a lot!,5.0,4.0
Dr. Early is a great professor all around. He explains the content well and gives a lot of practice problems. It is important to attend class and take notes. If you need extra help, he is always willing to help during his office hours. This class has a lot of material that is covered but if you show up and do your work, you will pass!,5.0,4.0
I haven't taken Grooms, but IMO Dr. Early is the best in the econ department. Go to office hours, he's super helpful and brings his dog sometimes, and if you use this time to understand the problem sets you will do well on the tests. He will walk you through the problemsif you don't get help its very easy to get a 70 or 80 on them.,5.0,4.0
I may have only known him for a short time, but I must say, Dr. Early is so kind, efficient, and helpful! He is the perfect teacher, in my opinion. He goes above and beyond to help his students and explains things really, really well. He's very patient and wants you to succeed. Very lovely professor. You are lucky to have him.,5.0,3.0
Well organized and passionate about teaching Economics.,5.0,4.0
Early is spectacular. I've never had a professor so clearly explain things. He holds lots of review sessions and will go over anything in his office that needs clarification. Beware of pop quizzes, do the reading and always show up to class. If he sees you trying he will make your life that much easier I promise. Def NOT a blowoff or easy A class.,5.0,3.0
Professor Early is a great professor! He clearly explains the train of thought and logic involved in everything and it made it a lot easier to understand, he allows in class time to finish homework and ask him questions, but, TAKE NOTES, he covers a lot in lecture, if you pay attention you'll do well (also, there's "pop" quizzes for readings),5.0,4.0
Great professor.,5.0,4.0
Professor Early is one of the best professors I've had here at SU. His lectures aren't boring because he relates them to the real world and doesn't read straight from the textbook. He goes pretty fast, but it's all important. You MUST take notes, if you write what he does it'll help. For tests, review the Problem Sets and the test review.,5.0,4.0
The Dirk is the best. He is an excellent professor and makes economics very easy to understand and intuitive. He is a great adviser and great chair. I took his principles of economics, intermediate microeconomics theory, and capstone in economics. He is very funny and cares a lot about student learning.,5.0,2.0
Excellent professor! Offers plenty of help...if you ask for it :),4.5,4.0
Excellent prof! Crystal clear explanations of material, very willing to help students out, and makes the subject fun!,5.0,4.0
Really great professor! He will explain the material really well and with the labs and office hours you will get it with little extra effort.,5.0,4.0
Excellent teacher, very passionate. Will challenge you, but you will understand material very well as a result,5.0,4.0
good teacher, hard 2nd test,4.0,5.0
A great teacher and advisor. Very, very enthusiastic, down to earth, and helpful. His lectures are very detailed and tests are difficult, but he does cover all the information in class. He will prepare you very well with outside readings that are about current economic related topics. Knows his stuff.,5.0,4.0
Very meticulous, but will explain exactly what you need to know in great detail. You just need to make sure you attend class, and take good notes. Reading is helpful, but secondary.,5.0,3.0
Excellent organization, conveyance of information. Enthusiastic about his work, classes, and research. Very willing to work with students. Payoffs from his classes are high.,5.0,3.0
He's great!,5.0,3.0
dirk is a hottie,5.0,3.0
very difficult! lots of notes... very good at his job,5.0,5.0
Dr. Hopkins is probably one of the smartest men I have ever met. He will push you to really try in this class, and will probably blow your mind once or twice. There are a few papers and lots of readings but if you put the work in you'll learn a lot about yourself and the world around you.,5.0,4.0
Great great GREAT FYS professor. Inspired further studies and interests in me, and he made us work hard at something we became personally invested in without us realizing it. But that was just "The Game". I miss the class and we had a lovely time with it, and we hope to meet all together again to duke it out once more. Take a class with him!,5.0,4.0
I had him for FYS, and he was amazing. At the end of the course, we were the only class that was upset about FYS being over. He really makes learning fun. I had no interest in the subject before his class, and now it's influenced my major. He's an amazing guy and everyone should try to take one of his classes!,5.0,4.0
P. Hop was great for FYS. I hate philosophy, but I love him. He really improved my writing skills, which was extremely useful right at the beginning of college and he improved my critical thinking skills. If you like philosophy, take a class with him!,4.5,4.0
Hopkins was a really good FYS professor and certainly prepared me for the rest of my classes. His class will make you think, but he's a nice guy.,3.5,4.0
I've taken many classes with Hopkins, and they have all been fun. One of the most interesting people I have ever known, get to know him.,5.0,4.0
He kicks ass! Everyone should have him because he will make you think. The class can be hard because it so deep and sometimes draining. He grades hard on papers, but it helps a ton to take it into his office and have him look at before hand. One of the best teachers at Southwestern.,4.5,4.0
Taken 5 classes with him, great guy and a good professor. Class won't be easy, but it will be fun. Also, dig into his personal life in class...he has some spectacular stories and an interesting past.,5.0,4.0
Best POK class at SU period for any major. I think it should be requred! And he's just so freggin cool!,4.5,4.0
great prof., hard but you will make leaps in bounds in your writing. has goats and chickens - that's cool,5.0,4.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
Interesting classes, keeps you thinking and on your toes, very nice,4.5,4.0
Great teacher. Great guy. Cares alot about the students and is a good mentor.,4.5,2.0
Awesome class and awesome prof! Would definetly take another class with him.,4.5,4.0
Awesome guy. Great prof.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
Go talk to Phil outside of class, he's had the most interesting life.,4.5,4.0
Professor Dry will rarely cut you any slack if you come to class unpreparedhere that means having completed the reading several times over, taken extensive notes, and gained a thorough understanding of even its more obscure points. You'll either become a better and more confident reader and speaker, or never take political philosophy again.,5.0,4.0
His classes are tough and difficult to follow. He is biased towards specific identities and lacks any sort of cultural competency when working with a diverse student population. Can be very disrespectful to students and faculty.,1.5,5.0
A highly overrated professor. Dry reads his lectures from prepared texts and is totally incapable of speaking extemporaneously. He must have loved the move "Paper Chase" as he is in to intimidation and a total unwillingness to assist the student.,1.5,5.0
Professor Dry is an amazingly dynamic and engaging teacher. This class is large (often 60 people), but he commands the room well. He's a bit indimidating at first, and he likes to cold call, but he makes the material unbelievably interesting. He's actually not as difficult as his reputation; if you work hard you can do well.,4.5,4.0
Amazing,4.0,5.0
Studying with Mr Dry was probably the single most important academic activity of my life - I took a total of 9 courses with him, including my thesis, and all were exceptional. One will be hard pressed to find a more devoted, clear, engaging, and thoughtful teacher. PS 102 should be mandatory for all Midd kids.,5.0,5.0
I had Mr. Dry for 101 as a freshman in 1991 - and everything on here is right: he'll demand that you do the work and he's wonderfully supportive when you ask. He went on to be my advisor and I couldn't have been happier. As has been said - legend.,4.5,5.0
One of the best professors I've ever had.,4.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
I was one of the students who took the dare and took on Dry in my Freshman year. It was the best decision I made during my college career. He went on to be my advisor. While he kicked my ass every step of the way, he was a teddy bear underneath it all. He will believe in you and your abilities before you even do.,5.0,5.0
Prof. Dry is one the best professors at Middlebury. He really makes you work and think but it's worth it!,4.0,5.0
A teacher who loves learning. If intellectual stimulation and the joy of learning are your bag, you'll love Mr. Dry's classes. Where else can you have a professor start laughing because he thinks Spinoza's so hilarious? HIGHLY recommend experiencing this teacher.,5.0,5.0
I hated this class and the professor. Worst professor I've had at Midd. Other people think he's amazing but if your learning style doesn't match up with his teaching style your out of luck. Also, the midterm is a test of how fast you write, not knowledge. I didn't get anything out of this class.,1.0,4.0
Worst class I took at Middlebury. Dry may be intelligent, but he can't teach to save his life. He can communicate with the 2% who think like he does. The rest of us are left behind.,1.0,5.0
I took an intro course from Prof. Dry in 1975 and am now a college professor myself. I still tell my students about the most memorable lecture I ever attended (Dr. Dry on Melville's "Billy Budd"). The legend lives on. Nice to see that he's appre,5.0,5.0
He throws great lasagna parties for the kids who make it through con law. He's my dad and I think he's great.,5.0,5.0
Very good teacher, but he's VERY tough as well. He's a Middlebury legend and you will either love him or hate him.,4.5,5.0
Had him for PS 101 and PS 102 and Con Law. What a great professor. Tough as nails as far as making sure YOU are doing your work; but gentle as possible when you need (and ask for) help.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,5.0
Murray is great, but you can't help feeling that he's been wasted at Midd,4.5,4.0
He can't be beaten!,5.0,5.0
The best and most dedicated teacher at Middlebury. A living legend.,5.0,1.0
He is an English teacher and has no business teaching a politcal science seminar,2.0,3.0
Nicest guy you'll ever meet, but if you essay or paper isn't exactly what HE would've answered, despite any evidence you present to back up your claim, he will give you a C. I liked Shakespeare prior to taking this class, now not so much.,3.0,4.0
If you take Dean you will regret it. Every essay you write must be PERFECT if you want to get a C+ on it. Anytime you answer his questions on your rough drafts he simply finds more questions to ask... Impossibly to please. Would not recommend to friend or foe...,4.0,4.0
Dr. Baldwin was awesome! I took his class many years ago and what he taught still sticks with me. His class on King Lear is very powerful. I wish there were more Dean Baldwins in this world. He's tough but fair and he's never turned away a student who was truly interested in learning.,5.0,4.0
If you don't enjoy a bit of history along with reading a TON, avoid this class. If you can get into it though, and are prepared to read and take notes on the reading every single day for a daily quiz, it's really not so bad as it is made out to be. You will either love it or hate it. Not recommended if you have a heavy workload semester lined up.,5.0,5.0
Harder if you are not an English major, most of the grading in this class are based on in class essay tests. The best way to pass the class is go to every class, participation does boost a not so good grade.,2.5,3.0
Class is once a week for 50 minutes-As long as you turn in the homework assignments and read the cover article to Newsweek which he provides, you'll ace the course. From what I've heard about other first year seminars, Baldwin's course is too easy. Fun guy, take this class if you need it.,3.0,1.0
he is not a fair teacher. he doesn't help you if you need help and he makes you feel like you are stupid when you ask for it. the lectures were good and the class was fun but his grading is atrocious and if you ask for help it seems like you just signed your death sentence,1.0,4.0
Great teacher,4.5,3.0
He knows his stuff and makes class interesting for the most part, but if you want an easy General Education Class, this is not for you. It is very, very hard and time consuming. I am an engineering major and spend more time on his homework and projects than I do on engineering homework. Expect to spend 2-3 hours on work outside of class per class.,2.5,4.0
No Comments,5.0,5.0
He is very helpful and is one of my favorite professors that I've had so far. He knows what he's doing.,4.5,4.0
Be prepared to talk...He like discussion so you better have read the assignment. Lots of homework and group project sucks, but overall nice guy and class isn't that bad.,3.5,4.0
Dr. B is in da hizzouse!,5.0,5.0
Great teacher. Very patient, helpful, and seemed to enjoy teaching the subject a great deal. Made even an 8am class worth going to.,4.5,2.0
Baldwin is an awesome teacher! He's clear and precise. He offers a great deal of help. It's easy to get involved in class discussions. He's very interested in what you have to say. He knows his stuff.,5.0,3.0
This man can teach. I loved his class. One of the very best professors that I have ever taken.,5.0,3.0
Excellent,5.0,4.0
Had him many years ago - still one of my favorites.,5.0,3.0
a good guy. will teach class his way... afterall it is his class. 'fair' is such a relative term don't you think. excellent advice for traveling and studying abroad in the UK,5.0,3.0
He is cool. I bet he gets it lots!,3.5,4.0
He is SO not a fair grader. It's his way, or you don't do well.,3.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,4.0
Tragic gaurdian of the canon and MLA style, overall good guy.,5.0,4.0
DB tells us about the evils of drink & just may be in love with Big Willy!,4.5,4.0
Nice guy despite all the bad-mouthing. A little unfair though...,4.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
Really interesting, really helpful, a nice guy,5.0,4.0
Since this class is Honors English for freshmen, he expects a higher standard, which he should. That being said, the class wasn't overly difficult. He is very clear on what he expects. He grades relatively strict, but a good grade is definitely achievable.,4.5,3.0
Difficult teacher grading wise but very helpful and good teacher. Not an easy A, but worth the effort,3.0,5.0
Awesome teacher, best english teacher I've had so far. He can grade a bit hard at times, but talks you through it and makes the class go by fast. He has a great personality and enjoys his job. I recommend this teacher. He will be your one enjoyable teacher freshman year. He gives proper time to complete assignments.,5.0,2.0
I grad. almost 10 yrs ago and now teach HS english.When my mind wanders back to PSB I always think of Dr Morris 1st.He wasn't over the top or in your face enthusiastic.I think I remember his open-minded energy, something that comes to mind while interacting with my own students.I had respect for his knowledge and intellect but wasn't intimidated.,4.0,2.0
Great teacher, really funny. Read the material and you'll easily get an A.,4.0,2.0
I have had Mr. Greg Morris for a couple of classes during my enrollment at Behrend. Very intelligent and engaging prof, one of the best at PSB. Classes are discussion-oriented and are usually entertaining given the man's wit. Tests are essay prompts and you are assigned one 'project' per class (basically an out of class essay). Definitely reccomend,5.0,3.0
Very fun and involving class. Read what is assigned for each class time and you will be golden. Tests are essay-style and refer directly back on readings. Very intelligent and respectful man. Great, great class.,5.0,2.0
I had Dr. Morris my first semester at Behrend, he is amazing, he has such a great passion for what he teaches and it makes you want to be in class, very helpful and just all around fun to be around, i would highly recomend him. he's a great guy, taking his class made me less afraid of college courses. i wish he would teach more classes!!!,4.0,2.0
Dr. Morris is as authentic as the "true west"-he will challenge and inspire. A true pleasure and honor to have sat in his classes.If you fail to take him.."the horror, the horror" viva hank,4.5,4.0
This guy is awesome. He reminds me of Robin Williams from "The Dead Poet's Society." The most engaging and thought provoking prof. I've ever had. Take his class!!,5.0,3.0
He is very enthusiastic about the subject material, thus he makes it fun to learn. I hate literature and I actually enjoyed his class. His essay exams aren't too challenging for non-English majors.,4.5,2.0
Awesome Professor, If you have a thought, he'll engage you in your thought until you fully expand apon it. really great guy. I strongly reccommend his class!,5.0,3.0
One of the best I ever had. Now that I'm gone, I desparately miss the sweater-vests and the hankies. I'd take any class he ever offered!,5.0,3.0
One of the best professors I've ever had. Extremely engaging and passionate about his material. Very fun and informative classes.,5.0,3.0
interesting views, love the red hanky, and pink shirts with green cords!! Def. take this man!,5.0,1.0
You can learn a lot from this man. Take advantage of his office hours. Throw him an idea and he'll throw one back. Long live the red hanky!,4.5,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
The best English prof Behrend has to offer. You MUST take on of his classes.,5.0,3.0
The red hanky is the green light that GM is available!,5.0,2.0
biswas sucked but morris rocked!,5.0,3.0
Morris belongs in the canon, right beside Willa Cather.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
he's awesome,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
You the man, Morris!,5.0,3.0
I think the red handkerchief is symbolic of the inner Morris.,5.0,3.0
it's all about the sweater vests, his red handkerchief, and his crazy outlines!,5.0,3.0
Always makes you want to come to class, funny latin impersonations,4.5,2.0
Extremely funny, leads class into interesting discussions,4.5,4.0
Do not take this course if you can help it. By far the worst professor I have ever had. Unclear, not extremely helpful, and confusing.,1.0,5.0
Not clear at all, you MUST read the textbook to do well at all. That being said he does his best to help if you have any trouble. Also, he was in Sarajevo in 1994 AND I DON'T KNOW WHY WHO IS THIS MAN AND WHAT HAS HE DONE,2.5,4.0
Stay away from this class. It should not be an introductory course, and do not take this as a gen ed. Difficult course, confusing lectures, and only two exams, a paper, and a final exam determine your grade in the course.,1.5,5.0
DONT TAKE THIS COURES. so hard.. tests are short answer. if you try you get credit, but not enough. its a difficult course though if you do not know about politics.,1.0,5.0
Really hard to understand his points when he is lecturing. Generally tests only cover what you read in the book, NOT what he talks about in class. Super nice, and loves when people admit they don't know things so he can explain it. Tests are short answer and as long as your try your best and even if you get the question wrong you'll get credit.,3.5,3.0
Confusing to understand sometimes, but very friendly and is willing to clear up anything that he might have said that you don't understand. Talks about using the book and has the class is basically read the book come to class, but if you download his notes online and take to class easy A.,3.5,2.0
Hard to understand a lot of the time, but if you THINK and PAY ATTENTION, you learn SO much about the world around you. If you study out of the book and get down the main points, it's an easy A. Focuses on tests with short essays. Comprehensive class. He's a confusing dude, but funny and a great guy. Worth taking if you need to. Or do Cook / Speel.,2.5,2.0
Dr. Irwin is one of the nicest professors at Behrend! His class is confusing if you expect to just go and absorb info. You are required to think a little bit. He always gives you the benefit of the doubt. Great man!,4.0,2.0
class was not the easiest thing, and that is comming from a person who could careless about political stuff and international developments, hes super nice and extremely understanding, and sometimes funny, I belive hes some kind of genius and will talk about anything, I liked him overall,3.0,3.0
He has trouble explaining things clearly. I have taken him 3 times, at first I thought he was crazy, but as I grew as a student, he began to make sense. If you know your history you will understand him much better. If you try hard and go to class he will recognize it and reward you. If you arent a poly sci major don't take him. Take Speel instead.,2.5,3.0
The most boring class that I have ever taken. Never could understand what he was talking about.,2.0,5.0
He is such a good person.. he is willing to help his students when they're struggling.. true, his classes are challenging but one can always end up with a high B or low A.. Keep it up Dr. Irwin!,4.0,2.0
Zach is one of my favorite instructors @ Behrend. He is a scholarly instructor and a good friend. I learned a lot from him and he is one of the few people that I still send a Christmas card to every year.,5.0,3.0
He?s crazy, and I didn?t understand half of what he was saying, but I learned a lot nonetheless.,3.0,4.0
interesting class...don't take it if you don't like a challenge,3.5,3.0
Irwin is fantastic. Lectures are finny and he is an all around great man.,5.0,3.0
I don't know if that course number is correct, but I can attest to Irwin's sincerity. He is a caring man and idealist. Is there anyone kinder than the idealist? He'll help you to understand what he wants if you listen closely.,4.5,2.0
What a brilliant and caring professor! Yes, lectures are unorganized but in the end everything makes sense. Very understanding person, and always willing to help his students. I wish Behrend had more professors like Dr. IRWIN,3.5,2.0
Really nice guy. A fair grader who is willing to help. Class was a little disorganized though.,3.5,2.0
kinda creepy, but also kinda cool,4.0,3.0
This guy is crazy (in a good way). His lectures are a little over-the-top, but he keeps it interesting, and does care about his students.,4.0,3.0
Was a pleasure to learn from! A brilliant and ecentric man.,4.5,3.0
Amazing professor! One in a million, he cared about all his students and was an inspiration to me to continue on and get my PHD in psychology. If you had Dr.Loss during your time at Penn State Erie..You were blessed.,5.0,3.0
Really not hard at all. Just read and pay attention in class and you will be fine. Group discussions aren't bad at all. I thought it was an enjoyable class too.,4.5,2.0
Not hard as long as you pay attention and attend class. Be sure to read and reread pop dreams, not so much levy. Dont know why so many disliked group discussions, I had a ver likeable group leader that was obsessed with the material.Highly Recommended!!!,5.0,2.0
I dont understand these negitive comments from before. I am no genius and with a little reading and paying attention its is possible for a slacker to get an A or B the material is straight forward and if you show intrest it makes a big differance, show up for class skim the readings focus on the ones he mentions and your golden. HIGHLY RECCOMENDED!,4.5,2.0
The material covered in class is interesting, though Dr. Loss makes in boring in his monotone voice. You watch movies A LOT in class. Tests and quizzes aren't too bad but they're kind of hard to study for.,2.5,3.0
Dr. Loss is a very nice person. The material in class is interesting, but the class itself is hard. Some of his speeches can get boring. He gives lots of essay's on his test. If you study you will do fine.,4.0,3.0
The class is pretty easy, but the discussion groups suck. If I had known we were going to have discussion groups I would have taken something else. Not fun at all.,3.5,2.0
Great teacher. Intelligent, funny, makes material interesting.,4.5,3.0
The whole grade depends on quizes and his tests, not helpful at all, and on his essays make sure you mention the love that you have for AMERICA, becuase if you don't you wont get a good grade. have fun,1.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
Clear, concise and knowledgable, Loss is an example of what all teachers should be.,5.0,2.0
good teacher, very knowledgeable,4.5,1.0
barely need to open the book; course is taught mostly from common knowledge and a few powerpoint slides... tests reflect this. bring popcorn for the movies.,4.0,1.0
Subject matter is good but lectures are a little boring. He knows a whole lot and is not afraid to tell you about it. Only class downfall was discussion groups,4.0,2.0
he is great... he dropped the f*bomb,5.0,3.0
Pretty fun class. Only taught one semester, so wait and sell your books later. Read the book. I got a B+...the only thing I don't like is the group discussion. AHHHHHHHHHHHHH.,4.5,2.0
This guy is awesome. He's nice and can teach!,4.5,4.0
Dr. Loss is the coolest prof I know!,5.0,3.0
you go, Archie!,4.0,2.0
the material of the class was good, but the lectures are boring,3.0,3.0
Archie DOES rock!! He helped me learn more about my spooky fascination!!!,4.5,3.0
Archie rocks!,5.0,2.0
Very interesting, makes the class enjoyable. Everyone loves it.,5.0,3.0
terrible,1.0,1.0
Take every single class she offers, she is amazing and inspiring!,5.0,3.0
Awesome. Likes to help students and genuinly cares about them...even when they can't spell.,5.0,4.0
Awesome. Likes to help students and genuinly cares about them...even when they can't spell.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
awesome class...the debates were so much fun!!,4.0,3.0
I took every class she offered. She is a hard professor, but very helpful and such an awesome person. She wrote the most amazing letter of recommendation for me when I transferred out of Caz. I don't think that I could have adored a professor any more than I adored her. Unlike a lot of profs there, you know that Val really cares about students.,4.0,3.0
Valerie was my favorite teacher...although,I failed the writing exam I still think that she is the best.she helped me alot with my writing and taught me many new techniques to help me improve in writing...maybe ill get her again since i didnt pass...,5.0,4.0
SHE IS AMAZNG. take her. youll learn more about life,5.0,2.0
Val was such a great teacher! I miss her class!,5.0,2.0
This professor likes to hear herself speak and overcomplicates giving a speech. Good luck if you are a history or political science major. I am glad I won't have to listen to anymore self-absorbed lectures.,2.0,4.0
Maureen is amazing!! As long as you do your weekly research and reading youll be fine. Be ready to have group discussions. Shes keeps class interesting and will listen to different points of view.,5.0,2.0
Prof. Louis is a stellar effective speaking teacher because she understands that not everyone has had experience or is comfortable with public speaking. Therefore, she takes you step by step to build a foundation of speaking skills that work for any class presentation. But, I cannot stress enough that if you aren't reading the news, you'll fail.,4.0,4.0
Maureen is part of the reason that I decided to change my career path. Debate was one of the most eye-opening experiences I've had in my whole college experience. Professor Louis loves her students like her own children. Anyone who dislikes her teaching probably isn't there to learn in the first place. As Maureen would say, LET'S CLAP FOR THAT.,5.0,4.0
Don't like reading the news? Tough nuts, cause you gonna learn today. She sounds like she talks to herself more than us and she'll definitely teach you that listening is hard. She gives clear cut feedback on speech assignments so you'll know how to improve as you go along. She made us get textbooks we DID NOT need. She steps on some people's toes,4.0,3.0
maureen is the best teacher at caz,5.0,1.0
... a walking, talking fallacy.,1.0,1.0
What in the world is she doing here? Maureen Louis talks to hear herself speak. She is quick to judge others for the faults they may possess yet she won't take ownership of her own. I swear if I had to hear about her personal life and opinion again my head would explode. Thanks for the easy A- all I had to do is show up.,1.5,5.0
Tell em what you're gunna say! Say it! Tell em what you said! Maureen is the communications Goddess. Her classes are useful, entertaining, and surprisingly, upbeat! The presentations are trying, but she helps you through. She would do anything to help her students, now and after they graduate. Extremely knowledgable.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
It's not that the class is difficult -it's the material, but Professor Louis presents it in such a fabulous way that the class is so much easier than what it could be with another professor. Her style is so effective, I find myself using her techniques inside and outside of classes.,5.0,2.0
one of the best coaches/teachers i've ever had. loved communication forms and techniques and debate, and would take classes from her for the rest of my life if i could. she's brilliant!,5.0,4.0
It's been almost 4 year since I was a student of Maureen's, but I still remember her as an inspiring professor. I loved her classes so much that I took everything she taught. I wish that every college professor I had could have been as intelligent and concerned about their students as she was and probably still is.,5.0,3.0
While his knowledge is definatly there, he isn't clear with assignments and tends to drag on topics. Not a great teacher.,1.5,3.0
Very good professor! Delivered the course very clearly with good writing on whiteboard. Every key point can be found in notes or handouts. Well organized. Concisely. But need a lot of time on homework and project if you want to do it well. Very tough in final exam because there isn't enough time to finish all. But score is fair. Use ADS. Good!,4.0,3.0
Very nice and enjoyable course.,4.0,3.0
The prof is really helpful and nice. He is one of the few at UW who can explain complicated stuff easily. Last but not least, his jokes and stories are just epically hilarious.,5.0,3.0
He is a very nice guy and cares about students a lot.And he teaches in away that EVERYBODY understands the material.,5.0,2.0
Made a gross class bearable and at times very interesting. He likes to bang on the tables, board and walls repeatedly when he is emphasizing a point which drove some people mad. Lectures are fairly clear but his boards can be messy at times. Overall, great prof and it was a privilege to have him.,4.0,2.0
One of the best prof's. Always asks students for suggestions and helps students if they need are struggling. ECE 106 was an amazing course and it was a privilege being in his class. Thanks Mansour!,4.5,2.0
He really needs to be more organized with his board notes and improve his legibility. For the important details, he likes to mumble. Although, he loves to repeat things. I don't think hes taught first years that much, so he doesnt really take notice of what people are struggling on. He is pretty helpful, but it's usually better to just find a TA.,3.0,3.0
He spent a ton on time on transmission lines, then rushed through the rest of the course material. The course had a lot of complex concepts so he is not entirely to blame for it's difficulty. When he made mistakes he wouldn't admit them, which made the course confusing. His explanations could use more polish, to make them clearer.,3.5,5.0
Made me wish i was in physics.,5.0,2.0
This teacher's the best teacher at waterloo, trust me,5.0,1.0
Really cares about students.,5.0,3.0
...you forget stuff you used to know,2.0,2.0
Awesome teacher & research advisor,5.0,2.0
Wants students to do well and is always willing to help. Good prof.,5.0,1.0
Besides the eligible writing, very helpful prof. Beware the laser pointer!,4.0,2.0
Nice caring guy, wants students to do well. Board skills are lacking tho.,4.0,1.0
thisguyisgoodifyouhavegoodlisteningskills...andreadingskills,4.5,3.0
is it an i or an L?? we'll just say sita,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
If you like vanilla in every way then this is the prof for you! He's a nice man personally. My guess is at one point he had a passion for teaching... Bring a large cup of coffee to class every class. He mostly reads directly from his notes or plays a movie. He's far better meeting one-on-one for questions. In that setting he's quite informative.,3.0,3.0
He is such a nice guy but his western civ classes are boring. He gives you the essay question beforehand. If you go to the review session the week before the test you'll be golden. Easy A,3.5,1.0
Amazing person. If you have to take this class don't forget your laptop! He doesn't use Power Point presentations that much. His classes are normally lectured. A lot of information to be writing on notebook. His tests are pretty easy, but be sure to study. He has a monotone voice!! So, bring coffee and a laptop and you'll be fine.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Doezema is a very fair professor. His interests lie specifically in American history, so I would recommend taking his American classes. He is very knowledgable and approachable if you have questions, go ahead and ask. Great guy and a decent professor in upper level courses.,4.5,2.0
Not a hard teacher, but agonizingly dull. I recall a classmate sitting in the front row simply fall asleep- Doezema didn't even notice. He seems like a decent person, but combine his painfully easy material, his monotone voice, and his 8:00 schedule, and I defy you to keep your eyes open.,2.0,1.0
Class was easy, but lecture was so dull and terrible, it made interest impossible. Poor attitude, he treats students like second-class citizens,1.0,3.0
Doezema has such a funny, very dry sense of humour. Most people miss his jokes though... so sad.. he is really a pleasant man.,4.5,1.0
very fair and great in upper level history courses - i have heard not as good things from him in western civ,4.0,2.0
the most boring class i have ever taken but its easy.. just read some of the book and be in class when he gives the essay question and you will do fine! if barely go to class and you will still pass,2.5,2.0
He was a boring teacher, but yeah ... you don't have to even go to class to get an A. just guess on the multiple choice and prepare really well for the essay question (which he gives in advance). no worries!,3.0,1.0
his class is so easy, it makes people like me who hate history not want to kill it and martyr all of the little history babies,4.5,1.0
2 words - boring and easy. You could get away with not paying attention in class and learn from the readings. If you're not particularly interested in history take this guy.,3.5,1.0
doez is a great hist prof, his not so funny jokes just have to make you smile/giggle/laugh/etc,3.5,2.0
Doezma is the ideal gen ed teacher. He doesn't require much effort and doesn't care if you sleep through the whole semester either.,2.0,1.0
Doezma is the man...he ain't boring either. If you don't like history then don't complain about the teacher complain about the subject.,5.0,2.0
Doezema has been teaching way too long... boring as heck because he lectures in a monotone... but his tests are not that hard so choose your poison...,2.5,2.0
No Comments,2.5,2.0
i have fallen asleep in every single class soooo far! boooooooooooo and this course is about History not being boring!,1.0,2.0
one of the worst teachers ever, doesnt belong at Houghton.,2.5,2.0
Reads from books for lectures, loves to curve grades (praise God!)... If you are looking to just get the class over, take it with him, and bring your laptop.,2.5,2.0
Boring class... so dont listen. Just skim the book and do the reveiw session and ur set. Other than that hes a cool guy who doesnt really want to be teaching that boring stuff that early either.,5.0,1.0
really nice, tries to be funny, kinda monotone (bad in the morning),3.0,2.0
This guy is one hot mother. He rocks the party, yo.,3.5,1.0
really nice professor and it's actually a pretty good class, but i will admit it is definitely the easiest western civ class to take here,5.0,2.0
yes he can be a bit boring at times, but ya gotta admit...the man has GOT IT GOING ON!!,4.0,2.0
Boring class!!,1.5,3.0
BORING, learned to sleep with eyes open,3.0,3.0
pretty boring class...,2.5,2.0
Though you can learn things in Dr. Doezema's class, it would have been nice if less time was spent on listening to him read from books and he had more rigorous standards.,3.0,1.0
very easy class...very boring though,2.0,2.0
No Comments,2.5,3.0
Caught great Zs in his 8 am class.,1.0,2.0
No Comments,2.5,3.0
BEST professor I've had through four years of undergrad and one year of grad studies! I took three courses with him and he is phenomenal! He's lecture heavy and test heavy but if you come on time, pay attention, and take good notes you'll be fine. He has a great dry sense of humor that many people miss. If you go for help he's quite caring and kind,5.0,5.0
Absolutely hates Freshman. Sometimes spent a good chunk of the lecture reprimanding the entire class for one person being late or one person not "taking enough notes". His classes can also be difficult because his powerpoints are very minimal.,2.0,4.0
Loved him as a professor! If you do poorly on your first exam, go to him immediately- within a week or two. Ask him what you need to do better. He'll be impressed and he'll remember it. He says he hates freshmen but he'll totally be there for you if you go to him.,4.5,4.0
He is a great lecturer, but he makes his class near impossible for anyone who isn't a history major. He absolutely hates freshman, but is teaching a freshman history class. If you're good at history and enjoy it, then he's good for you. But for those of you who dislike history, you will HATE it with him.,1.0,5.0
Dr. Airhart is amazing. Most definitely, this is one of the most challenging classes that I've ever taken. His consistency and high expectations have really pushed me to be a better student and better thinker. If you're willing to learn, I would highly recommend Dr. Airhart to any student with a brain.,4.0,4.0
Airhart makes you work very hard for a good grade. It was frustrating studying super hard and getting Cs and not even knowing why.,3.0,4.0
Such a man.,5.0,4.0
Awesome prof, very helpful. He's got a reputation as a tough teacher, and he is, but he's also the best lecturer around. Very helpful, if you ask him questions.,5.0,5.0
Amazing teacher, and phenomenal lecturer.,5.0,5.0
Great. Difficult but invaluable classes, and incredible teaching.,5.0,5.0
I have taken close to nine courses with Dr. Airhart, and every single one has been fantastic.,5.0,5.0
Good professor, great class, but you will have to work hard,3.5,4.0
Airhart's the Man. Even when he harassed me about taking notes in class. I don't quite understand the reputation he has in ho-town - he's entertaining, and he keeps things pretty clear and interesting in the course. One time I had to talk to him about a grade, and he sat me down and chatted with me for an hour about my plans for my major.,5.0,3.0
The best history class I've ever taken; he's a formidable intellect and a creative thinker. You'll learn more than you will from most other classes you take. I know whereof I speak--I'm now a full professor at this country's top university. Take his courses!,5.0,4.0
Doesn't have the time for his students.,2.0,4.0
He's no joke. Be ready to commit to Western Civilization,2.0,5.0
I took Dr. Airhart's Historiography through Film this semester, and while there was a lot of reading and the course was challenging, I found him to be extremely fair and when his students show interest in the material, he is phenomenal. I learned so much. Highly recommend him - I changed my major to take more classes with him :),5.0,4.0
Sure he can be a bit arrogant,but that's what makes him great. And for those who say he has limited knowledge, they obviously do not have a clear grasp of history.,4.0,5.0
Ferociously intelligent. If you take an Airhart class, you will be subjected to difficult inquiry, but if you work at it, you will learn in meaningful and deep ways. I highly recommend every Houghton student take an Airhart class, though they should probably take care to structure their schedule according to the added difficulty and workload.,4.0,5.0
Dr. Airhart is symbolizes what is wrong with Houghton College. Pretentious, elitist, but with nothing to show for it. He doesn't get what Houghton is about. Do yourself a favor and take someone, anyone, else. Like so many others, he ruined my freshman year.,1.0,5.0
Very harsh grader on essays, but it has made me a smarter writer. You won't pass his class without learning a great deal. Very interesting lectures. He keeps me awake!,3.0,5.0
Difficult professor. Often took time out to angrily lecture anyone he noticed nodding off. Tests are essays, no multiple choice. If the material interests you, take Airhart. You'll learn lots. If you're just doing it to fulfill a requirement, look elsewhere because you will become frustrated. I just took it to fulfill a requirement.,3.0,4.0
Arrogant - but so extremely intelligent and well read that he has a right to be. This man is one of the best lecturers I've ever heard. You'll work hard, but you won't fall asleep in class. I'm not a big personal fan of him (I find him abrasive), though I know many people who are.,3.5,4.0
Cameron might not be eveyone's favorite teacher, but I think that is based on someone's willingness to learn. I think that he is brilliant and I can't wait to go to the rest of his classes. He makes the one subject that I dislike, interesting and easy to learn. Hopefully, I'll have more classes with him.,4.5,2.0
After Western Civ 1 & 2, I'm taking History of Rome with him next semester! One of the best teachers in Houghton, in my opinion. Very hard but very helpful. Willing to talk outside of class to help with understanding & interest. Fast paced but you learn to keep up; amazing lecture skills; brilliant & knows his stuff.,4.5,5.0
EXTREMELY hard prof. especially the combined class but you learn alot and he drives you to work hard. You truly have to earn whatever grade you get but it means so much more when you do well.,3.5,5.0
Class is SO hard. The hardest Western Civ class at Houghton and its only 2 credit hours! Not worth it! Drop the class! He is nice though.,2.0,5.0
Dr Airhart is simply brilliant. In order to learn from him, though, you must be willing to surrender your high view of yourself. Learn from him as if you didn't know anything. You will probably scream and yell at the sight of your graded papers and tests, but be mature and grow from the wounds. Dr Airhart is worth it.,3.5,5.0
Very difficult and somewhat cocky, but he's a fascinating lecturer who kept me awake at 8am. You will have to work hard and read the text,2.0,5.0
Great prof. Brilliant mind. He is as helpful as the student is motivated. Not a babysitter,4.5,4.0
Dr. Airhart is a very intelligent guy and he doesn't let you forget it. He talked to us as if we were 5 year old's, and was very condescending. And just so you know I did fairly well, this isn't the response of a student who failed his class by any means!,1.0,5.0
Airhart is an excellent lecturer - easily kept my attention during 3-hour-long lectures. However, his classroom manner leaves much to be desired. His attitude can be very standoffish and abrasive, hampering the effectiveness of his otherwise impressive teaching.,3.5,5.0
Lets just say i dropped the class after the first paper and first test.....,3.0,5.0
No Comments,4.5,5.0
Arrogant, limited knowledge, pushes his own agendas in class... not open to ideas that stretch social boundaries,1.0,1.0
this man is amazing, i'm taking the honors program in london with him right now and it is incredible. he demands a lot of you, but it is totally worth it, you learn a TON,5.0,5.0
didn't explain anything well enough to produce quality results,1.0,4.0
Good lecturer but crazy hard tests!,4.0,5.0
He's a very difficult professor with three one-essay tests all semester, but you'll leard a lot.,3.5,4.0
This guy teaches in a way that keeps students awake, as opposed to the other history teachers.,4.0,4.0
He was my advisor and I spent a semester with him in London. Dr. Airhart can be a little aloof, but as far as teaching, he is excellent. It's well worth struggling through his classes.,4.5,4.0
I can't say enough. He's incredible.,5.0,4.0
He definitely kept my attention and I know I learned an amazing amount of information- if you like history at all I would definitely suggest a class with him - though it will be a challenge.,4.5,4.0
This guy is truly a superb professor who excels in his craft.,4.0,4.0
brilliant... excellent prof.,5.0,5.0
He's a really good professor! At this point in his life his ability to project his words is limited so sit in the front of the class close to him. His course is very interesting. Soft spoken but a real good prof. Easy class if you study your notes. Piece of advice, don't copy from Wikipedia on his papers, he's the only prof I ever had that noticed.,4.0,3.0
Sweet guy. Likes to tell stories, and can lecture for a long time- basically the whole class. Did show a couple videos which were interesting. If you are a visual learner, this class will be VERY challenging, since it is based on lecture with little guidelines. Recommend to do a couple bigger research papers, rather than many smaller ones.,2.0,2.0
His class and tests are entirely lecture based. He does show the occasional video though. Overall, a good teacher but very old and set in his ways about his class. Tests are all essay based. To be successful, don't skip review sessions.,3.5,2.0
I had Dr Howard for 2 classes (African Hist and Latin American Hist). He was one of the best professors I've ever had. He is extremely smart, very nice, and his classes are fairly easy. I learned so much from him. If I could've taken more classes with him I would've, but I wasn't a history major. If you truly want to learn take a class with him.,4.5,1.0
I really love upper level classes with him because he is so smart. But he does tend to talk fast so you are taking notes the entire time. Tests are no big deal, and he is very helpful if you have a question on a paper,4.0,3.0
if people didnt do well in his class its because they are not smart enough to read the book. it was an easy course if you read.,4.0,5.0
Just because he's smart doesn't make him a good teacher. He doesn't know how to teach the class in an interesting way. Tests are the biggest problem, you have no clue what to study for!,3.0,5.0
b-o-r-i-n-g. but easy.,2.5,1.0
Just because you made it into college doesn't mean you're smart enough to appreciate how much there is to learn from smart professors like Dr. Howard. If you find Dr. Howard boring then you probably can't think your way out of an unlocked car. The guy knows a lot.,4.5,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Genetics don't have much to do with Western Civ, what a moron,1.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
A very smart man who knows everything there is to know about, well, everything. I think the people who don't like him are just envious because they're stupid and he's not. Highly recommended.,4.5,4.0
Wow, what a boring guy. The first day of classes, i couldn't even keep my eyes open.,2.5,2.0
he's really funny to watch when he gets excited about a particular topic he's lecturing on. his sweaters are HOTT.,5.0,2.0
He really knows what he's talking about; it's obvious that he enjoys what he teaches.,4.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,5.0
The man is boring!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
You don't have to read to get an A, but he knows if you don't. He'll get pissed and yell at you. But you'll still get an A.,5.0,3.0
Ron Oakerson is simply the most remarkable person at Houghton College, and probably one of the best political science thinkers in the entire American academic world. He is a jewel basically hidden away at a tiny place like Houghton. He quietly propels his students to excellence. He has contributed an immense amount to us, Houghton, and the world.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Ronald J. Oakerson is simply the best teacher I have ever encountered. I have learned vast amounts about political philosophy, public policy, and the whole spectrum of political science thanks to him. He is warm, engaging, caring, intelligent, and hard-working. I feel myself learning, and I know I'm a better man for having learned under him.,5.0,4.0
Great inspiring and challenging professor!!,5.0,4.0
Greatest prof ever I had as an undergrad at Houghton. You cant major in Political Science without taking a class with Dr. Oakerson.,5.0,5.0
the best political science prof one could ever have at houghton,5.0,5.0
You should not graduate as a political science major at houghton without taking a class from Dean Oakerson. He will make you work, but you will learn a lot.,4.5,4.0
He is very challenging, but he very fair. You will learn a lot.,5.0,5.0
Great professor!,5.0,4.0
hard to stay awake,2.5,2.0
Some of the best courses I took were from this man. Hes challenging and honest, willing to argue but also kind. One of the smartest guys I know but believes in social justice issues and making sure people feel heard. Love him.,5.0,4.0
Wish he were I,5.0,4.0
I've only been taught by Professor Murphy in the Contemporary Contexts honors course. I'll probably re-rate him when I take an art history course with him. But I do know he's tough, and does not assume that you belong in his course until you prove yourself. That said, he's not a bad guy, and it's always good to have a challenging prof.,3.0,4.0
Murph is a unique person and teacher. He is very hard on you until you prove yourself as a worker. He has a healthy ego but at the same time can see himself clearly. I respected him as an artist and teacher, and in turn he gave me respect and challenged me to great heights. Wish there were more like him.,4.0,5.0
Amazing... had him for a ton of art classes and I've never met a guy so passionate about what he teaches and so down to earth. Very funny and very helpful! Love Murph.,5.0,4.0
Am not an art major so class was hard. the tests were harder than i thought they would be. but the class was great fun. hot guy.,3.5,4.0
I love him to death,5.0,5.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
I don't know why everybody is upset! Hilarious guy, a great teacher, and has inspired me to wear Google Glass to school everyday.,5.0,1.0
Suffer,1.0,5.0
Thad, what a guy. What to say, so many things. Homeworks are extremely hard. For lectures, only go if you're interested in knowing Thad's career, and how cool his Google glasses are! Make sure if you do take this class, Dr. Mark Riedl is teaching. Thad should go back to industry jobs because his idea of teaching is disgusting. He makes me sick.,1.0,5.0
Did the most to give us a difficult semester.,1.0,5.0
meanie,1.0,4.0
think of the worst combinations of curse words and those arent even enough to describe Thad. Absolute dog water at teaching. Take this class if u want to internally combust everyday. Get ready to self learn some of the most advanced topics in AI. Go to in-person OH, virtual TA's have the teaching ability of an autistic squirrel,1.0,5.0
The worst prof ever,1.0,5.0
I respect Professor Starner for his research and intelligence; however, as an instructor, Thad is woefully inadequate. He gives the bare minimum in terms of content, the rest is self-taught. This class is the grad class, even after promises of change. Due to the poor structure of this class, I will walk out of this class learning nothing.,1.0,5.0
He's actually just terrible, by far the worst class I've taken at tech. This guy made my anxiety spike so hard every day of this semester. The homework/assignments make me want end it all. They make no sense and are genuinely the most useless things I've seen I'm my life,1.0,5.0
Thad is the most useless "instructor" I've ever had. Prepare to self-teach yourself Bayesian statistics and Gaussian mixture models, because he's not gonna do it. His idea of teaching is threatening you not to cheat and calling it a day. People say the TAs are unhelpful, but honestly? That tells you more about Thad than them.,1.0,5.0
Horrible professor. He got awful grading for midterm exams and hilarious regrade requests. If you would like to suffer, I would suggest you take Thad's class. It is endless torture. Also, his grading is so funny that even if you get a score above 90 for an exam/assignment, you still might get a B for that exam/assignment.,1.0,4.0
It should be a fine course, but Thad and his TAs have made this course a hell for students. I am surprised Thad still teaches class. I mean, he is a great researcher and I admire his wonderful ability to research ground-breaking algorithms and models. But he is really incapable as an instructor.,1.0,4.0
Dear Thad is the worst professor I have ever had. He had invested so little to improve the student experience. For example, you have to wait for several days to finally get to the TA Office hour, where we can get 10 min to talk to the TA about our hundreds of lines of code. Thus, we usually get nothing done in these 10 minutes.,1.0,3.0
The course, the professor, and the TAs are a joke. There is no guidance or support, the lectures are borderline useless, and the TAs... well, they are awful at their jobs. They are utterly useless. They do not help, and don't have the students best interest in mind. This course needs an overhaul, from top to bottom.,1.0,5.0
He changed the style of teaching this semester and it was bad. The assignments for undergrads are the same as masters students and in addition to that he also implemented the AI plagiarism detectors which are not at all properly made. It just gives additional avoidable stress to everyone.,1.0,5.0
This is the best professor ever. He makes CS 3600, a notoriously difficult class, a piece of cake. If you hate him, you are just a lazy bum that will never work for google, attend MIT, or create the google glasses.,5.0,5.0
The assignents are mad difficult. That's fine. BUT WE NEED THE RESOURCES TO BE ABLE TO COMPLETE THE ASSIGNMENT. WE CANNOT DO THE ASSN BY OURSELVES. The office hours are incredibly useless. The TAs have never done the assignments themselves so they don't know what they're talking about half the time. Ed questions are never answered w detail.,1.0,5.0
dont take this class,1.0,5.0
starner is extremely rude and egotistical, the TAs are essentially comedians, autograding is garbo and not at all proportional to the work you did (ie. some obscure useless search algorithm explores 0.8 more nodes on average than their optimal reference implementation and u get a 6/11),1.0,4.0
This class is not an undergrad class, so you are expected to do graduate-level work. Most grad students are taking 1 or 2 classes so they can balance the assignments while I'm having to neglect other classes. The prof doesn't do anything to acknowledge the unfairness of this and just mentions how this is applicable to Google interviews.,1.0,5.0
Useless lectures and the homework are ridiculously long and taken straight from a masters class. Avoid him at all cost.,1.0,5.0
Thaddeus thinks that teaching is just threatening your students into not teaching and saying "read the book" at any question you might have. He's a joke of an instructor and his flipped classroomly unhelpful. Positive reviews from CS6601 students are deranged. Just look at the CS6601 channel in Slack or Discord--tons of us are struggling.,1.0,5.0
Terrible class. He expects you to dedicate every living fiber of your soul to his class, which is SURPRISINGLY not possible! Believe it or not, I do not have 30+ hours to spend to even get a B on the assignments/class. Pray to every God you know that you dont get this professor, and wait until this class changes. This class is a grad class BTW.,1.0,5.0
Thad expects students to excel in a course where in lieu of teaching the material, he relies on either 1-minute module videos or lengthy, high-level papers. Students with a solid foundation in AI are rewarded with gift cards; undergraduates entering their first AI course are effectively on their own. Asymmetric workload for a 3-credit course.,1.0,5.0
Prepare to have no life outside of this class. Extremely long homework that takes 40-plus hours to somewhat complete.,1.0,5.0
Thad may be a great innovator, but is unfit to teach an undergrad class. Bad organization led to a 100+ drop in enrollment in his flipped classroom (though I do enjoy the style of work encouraged). He made the course unreasonable by using his grad curriculum. Inactive staff & Thad's lack of self-awareness make this one of the worst courses at Tech.,1.0,5.0
Starner has a god complex and expects everyone to be one the level that he thinks he is. Flipped classroom setting is abysmal and modules barely cover topics (zero mention of implementation), but homework requires deep knowledge (and 30 hours a week). Textbook hides information across hundreds of pages. Im getting slapped with my own tuition money,1.0,5.0
If I'm gonna go to a class at 8pm I better learn. I'm not trynna be in a cesspool of nerds that did too many Rubik's in highschool on a wednesday night. Some people have real lives, unlike some of the "billionare grindset" ppl in the comments,1.0,5.0
I am taking this class for my minor. It is absurd that I'm expected to be at the 1000% dedication level to a singular class as try-hard CS majors and MSCS students. Great class no doubt, if you have the time and masochistic tendencies needed to endure it (I wish I did, truly). But I, along with around ~500 other people, did not sign up for this.,3.0,5.0
Unreasonable workload for intro course. In addition, taking points off for one single extra node explored for one test-case sucks. I have the good fortune of having lots of practice with coding in general, and even then, project 1 took forever to complete. I can imagine the pain for someon taking this their second semester without a CS foundation.,1.0,5.0
from an undergrad pov who has no experience whatsoever in the field of AI, this class so far has been outrageous, to say the least. spent crazy hours over the first hw with absolutely no help whatsoever (office hours system is a joke, no one replies on ED) and i have just been able to complete 30% after spending nearly 2 whole days.,2.0,5.0
I really enjoy this class. I can see why the undergrads may be disgruntled due to workload, but as someone coming into a MSCS with a non-CS degree/minimal coding experience, the course has been great. Dr. Starner's teaching method works really well if you're prepared and have an introductory level understanding of the material before each lecture.,5.0,4.0
Tbh, homeworks are as hard as GT should be. Thad Starner, however, is an awful teacher and the sole reason why students struggle. He gave us resources, but any useful info is scattered over hundreds of pages. A good teacher would not only provide resources, but explain/teach them. Starner makes 2-minute long comedy skits with no substance.,1.0,4.0
Professor Thad Starner is an amazing instructor! The combination of video lectures and interactive classroom sessions is an extremely good way of learning the material! The homework assignments are difficult, but fair, as they provide all the necessary resources to understand the concepts required to complete the assignments.,5.0,5.0
Driven, inspirational, willing to help. TA staff is a mix. Lots and lots of work, do not attempt if you have family/work obligations, easily 30-40 hours a week on weeks of heavy assignments and tests. average is ~20 per reviews but it can be uneven. not a lot of avenues for making up points lost in exams. Overall, rewarding, but expect workload,5.0,1.0
Professor Starner refuses to acknowledge that it is wrong to not tell students ahead of time that CS 3600 would be merged with CS 6601, a grad course for AI. Homework 1 is extremely long and the resources the professor gives are not helpful. He fails to understand that students cannot dedicate the time of a part-time job to one 3 credit class.,1.0,5.0
Worst course ever had ! ! ! Online office hour sucks ! ! ! Either the TA never shows up or you waited hours until the meeting was over and it still wasn't your turn. They teach you really easy concepts but expect you to figure out/ invent those insanely difficult algorithms on your own without accessing any external resources,1.0,5.0
This class is insane. The 'modules' trace through basic and easy examples of search algorithms (A*, UCS, BFS, etc) and then the homework assignments expect you to code bi-directional and tri-directional versions of those algorithms with no pseudocode or class slides. The only resource is the textbook which is incomplete. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS.,1.0,5.0
A lot of work on the assignment 1 (30+ hours), still failing. Professor seems to be able to shift his method of teaching but the pace is too slow. The workload is the same as the masters program while this is labeled as an undergraduate course. The amount of time required is not equivalent to the # of credits. I remain hopeful for change.,1.0,5.0
TAs are laughably unhelpful or incompetent. Starner doesn't teach, you have to self learn the content yourself. Expect little to no help from them,1.0,4.0
This is one of the worst classes I have ever seen, the professor thinks that everyone has the knowledge he learned as a PhD student and in industry for many years, he is rude to students that seek help. He does not teach and yet has insane homework assignments and has said he expects it to take us over 8 hr for midterms.,1.0,5.0
Does not teach and has very long home works expert to spend over 20 hr per home work. Limited TA help and no external resources, has a god complex,1.0,5.0
Unclear expectations on homework for undergrads, extremely difficult to find any help at all (either office hours or prof himself). Homeworks are unreasonably difficult to complete,1.0,5.0
Flipped classroom is inherently stupid for multiple reasons, mainly being that you're using auxiliary materials to study. Also, if you want help with HW, office hours exist, the 8-9:15 thing is useless. Also why would you combine undergrad with grad classes? That's obviously a recipe for disaster,1.0,5.0
Was really cool how he has us do Tri-Directional Search. At first, I thought it would be tough, but after looking at the problem again, the solution was clear. Took about an hour and thats all we had to do for a full 2 weeks. Plus, Thad gave me a Moes giftcard.,5.0,1.0
Possibly the hardest class I have taken with a terrible professor. He doesn't explain what is to be done and expects work far beyond an undergraduate level. In fact, GT has combined this with 6601 or the graduate AI course. Please reorganize this course or don't have him teach it.,1.0,5.0
No resources to help whatsoever. No lectures. Tough scenes,1.0,5.0
Y'all wild for this lol the class is fine and the assignments aren't that bad.,5.0,4.0
I understand and appreciate his approach of the flipped classroom and trying to get a wider audience to engage with the material, but the execution is abysmal. This structure does not work for a class that is (a) very large (500+ students) and (b) combined grad/undergrad. Fix the assignments, fix the format, and get it together.,1.0,5.0
Where to begin? No lectures, you'll have to read the textbook to learn everything. The assignments are insanely difficult, expect to spend 40+ hours per assignment (assignments are due 2 weeks after the release date). This course is the embodiment of everything wrong with OMSCS. Yeah, also grad and undergrad students are lumped together. Go figure.,1.0,5.0
Clearly, the only 5-star review below is complete cap and is obviously written by Starner. This class is actually the graduate section 6601. The course is obviously just a copy and paste from the grad class and the difficulty has not been lowered for undergrad. Have fun with this as the homework are impossible, and it is a flipped classroom!!!!!!!!,1.0,5.0
This professor really cares about the success of his students and makes lectures very entertaining and engaging. I am able to learn a lot through the online modules and class textbook, and the homework assignments are challenging :)!,5.0,3.0
This class is impossibly difficult and we are combined with the graduate level section. Little to no resources available and the class is 100% taught by yourself.,1.0,5.0
With a flipped lecture model, the class has become a total nightmare. There are over 900 students in the class so office hours are a complete joke when it comes to receiving help, and the first homework itself is insanely difficult.,2.0,1.0
This class is hell on earth. Complete chaos. Grad and undergrad classes are combined (CS6601). Lectures are completely useless especially since it's in flipped classroom format. All the learning is done by yourself reading through the textbook. The homeworks are literally impossible and take like 40 hours each. AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE.,1.0,5.0
Actually the worst class I have ever taken. Have spent endless hours in this class and am still behind according to where he says we should be at. The course completely changed from previous years with no warning. Dont take Starners classes at all, ever.,1.0,5.0
This class has been rebranded into CS 6601. You have the same exact lectures and assignments as OMSCS. It has graduate-level assignments and expectations, yet is only a 3000-level undergraduate class. To get a 100 on an assignment you are expected to do research on the topic by yourself yet there is a STRICT plagiarism policy.,1.0,5.0
The lectures aren't even lectures so we basically have to rely on a gibberish textbook and 1 min video modules that teach AI using pen and paper like wut. FIRST HW is taking ppl 20+ hours. we get 2 weeks to do it, but 20+ hours is ridiculous when you have other tough courses plus extracurriculars plus daily life stuff you're trying to balance.,1.0,5.0
I'm a CS minor and I spent about 15 hours doing the first few warm-up tasks. All the people I know in this class suffer a lot and we're not learning. Horribly-designed, don't take,1.0,5.0
Don't take his class,1.0,5.0
changed to "flipped format" AKA he shows some laughable animations in class and you teach the whole course (the content is not trivial by any means) TO YOURSELF. Nothing is taught, and the (grad section) homeworks are unnecessarily annoying (work with annoying apis/tests, implement obscure algorithms without any references online). Horrible, garb,1.0,5.0
Great lecturer. Class structure was not well defined at times (received deadlines last minute) and exam questions were sometimes questionable (may be determined by TAs though). Only a midterm and final exam, both open internet (VERY strict anti-cheating policy). Great professor overall, recommend taking it if you have the chance.,5.0,3.0
Thad really likes what he does; you will definitely understand and appreciate that in his classes (Especially if it's Mob. & Ubi. computing). The class I was in was a bit chaotic, and the exercises would sometimes take time outside of class. The group project WILL be tough if you don't start on time but should be fine otherwise. Tests were random.,4.0,3.0
Professor's lack of trust in students makes it hard to learn and feel supported. All assignments are auto-graded and when things fail it is very frustrating and feels impossible to try to figure out what went wrong and learn from it. TA hours were very unhelpful and often sent me on a wild goose chase when in reality it was a small unrelated error.,3.0,5.0
Really cares about his courses. Material excellent but a lot of work.,5.0,5.0
Class is interesting and Thad is good guy. He will you out. All the projects are in LISP and are very time consuming. If you aren't experienced in LISP, you sure will be. Tests are long and difficult but open book/note. You will have a rock-solid grasp on the fundamentals of AI after this course.,4.5,5.0
No Comments,2.5,5.0
AI class: interesting,3.5,3.0
Thad's awesome.,5.0,2.0
Leahy's hilarious, clear, creative, overall an awesome teacher - I believe he's since retired, so I was glad to have him. 2110 took a lot of studying but was otherwise reasonable; make sure to read the textbook and you'll do fine. When Leahy taught it, there were bi-weekly quizzes instead of exams, which I liked; definitely do the study guides.,5.0,3.0
Very well structured class and Bill is very funny and a very good lecturer. Weekly quizzes mean you're always up to date on the material. Homework is challenging but rarely frustrating except sometimes for some Assembly Language stuff. The material is hard but Bill does his best to make sure you get everything.,5.0,4.0
I have taken 2 classes with Prof. Leahy (CS2110 and CS2316) and they were both my favorite classes at Georgia Tech. Leahy is the best professor I've ever had because his classes are really well structured. Weekly quizzes make it much easier to keep up with the material and not have your grade ruined by one bad day. Also, his lectures are great.,5.0,4.0
Professor Leahy is a once in a lifetime experience at Georgia Tech! He is absolutely hilarious and a fantastic lecturer. There is a lot of homework and one exam which are a bit tricky but if you go to lecture and understand the material, they are very doable. Don't graduate Georgia Tech without taking a class from Professor Leahy.,5.0,4.0
Funny guy. Has great lectures and even better Facebook posts.,5.0,3.0
Definitely one of the most hilarious professors at Georgia Tech along with Greco and Simpkins. Lecture was always entertaining since Leahy likes to add humor to them and the topics are actually really cool imo. Quizzes, timed labs, and the final are definitely fair if you understand the material. The only downside is that some of the homeworks were,5.0,4.0
What made the class was the TAs. Professor Leahy taught the lecture and the main concepts on how to code in C (specifically for the Gameboy). TAs went over what Leahy taught and ran the labs. There were no tests, relatively easy quizzes (every other week), weekly graded labs, and weekly homework. Attending class easy pass.,4.0,1.0
I loved the way he expressed his knowledge and delivering way is so explanatory and provided the root knowledge. I had never seen that kind of interesting course.,5.0,2.0
Leahy is easily the best teacher I have ever taken, I learned more in his class than all my others combined! Take him if you have a choice, but be ready to put lots of time into his classes.,5.0,4.0
Really good explanations. Cares a lot about the students. Very open to additional help.,5.0,3.0
I'm a grown ass man. I don't cry at all, and I haven't in years. Realizing I was done with Bill Leahy's class made me curl up into the fetal position and cry a river. 1010 one of if not the best teacher in the world.,5.0,2.0
Amazing lectures. Shoots straight with you. Salty language. Be ready to code your butt off. Do NOT procrastinate on the coding assignments, especially the ones where you code a game.,4.5,4.0
livens up computer science (which is hard to do). Grades are made up of quizzes (TA's review before) and homework,4.0,1.0
He is very popular among the student body because he is hip, relatable, and witty.Unfortunately, his lectures are very confusing and, in the case of 2110, assignments bare little resemblance to anything found in lecture. I taught myself wholly from the book. He is not a good teacher and the course is not a concise or good course.,1.5,5.0
He is the BEST of the CS department. He is really fun if you sit up front. Pay attention. He is friendly. Don't be afraid to ask questions. I could listen to him talk all day. 3 time-labs(easy) and just one final. Start homework early!!! Seriously! Get as many A's in the beginning. Last few weeks will kill you. Final was decent. Demos are easy.,5.0,2.0
There is a lot to be covered in such a short amount of time, so it may seem overwhelming, but it all builds from the bottom up. While the material tends to be straightforward, this is definitely a class that will keep you on your toes. Mistakes are easy to make and, unfortunately, are punished severely. Leahy doesn't like partial credit. Good luck.,4.0,4.0
Awesome professor! Super helpful and made the class enjoyable/entertaining. DON'T BUY THE BOOK. You never use it. I had never done any sort of programming before, and I made an A. Leahy made the material easy to understand and the homework assignments were pretty fun! Make sure you go to each lecture. Quizzes are pretty easy as well.,5.0,2.0
If you've never seen this stuff before, he makes the class a little difficult. He assumes you already know C and won't actually teach it. Go to Office Hours and talk to him. He is really entertaining and funny, but is terrible at organizing lectures and doesn't know how to teach. The head TA taught everything on Piazza.,4.0,4.0
I'm considering minoring in CS because I loved this class so much. Leahy is probably one of the most patient and good natured people I've ever met. He did a great job explaining things to nonmajors; I think I got frustrated with the other students more than he did. My CS friends say he's always like this too, though their classes are actually hard.,4.0,3.0
Awesome teacher. Do all the homeworks to completion and review for the quizzes by looking at the old ones online on tsquare and you will get an A.,4.5,2.0
He makes his lectures interesting with jokes and tries to make the class bearable, but it is still a fairly difficult class. The lecture and lab sometimes feel like different classes. The lab is taught exclusively by the TAs. Unless you are real smart, I wouldn't try going solo in this class. Make friends or go to the TAs for help.,3.5,2.0
Super Awesome,5.0,3.0
The professor is a great, funny guy. He really knows his stuff. But the real professor is Brandon, the head TA. He expects the best out of everyone, so makes all of the homeworks extremely hard, and often do not go along with lecture. Weekly hard homeworks, bi weekly hard quiz, bi weekly hard timed labs.,4.0,5.0
probably the best professor i've ever had. this guy is awesome. the class was not a cake walk, but doing the assigned work and a bit more, an A is very attainable.,5.0,4.0
Was a great professor, and covered the material that he chose to cover very effectively. Unfortunately, the hws assigned didn't correspond well to what was being taught in class. Also, this was a guinea pig class that was trying to incorporate parts of ECE 2030(physical memory design, etc.). Also had a companion professor who was no help at all.,4.5,2.0
Bill is easily one of the best professors at Tech. His lectures are very entertaining and he does a great job teaching the material. The class can be rather difficult, but it's easy to get help from TA's and Bill.,5.0,3.0
Bill is one of the best professors at Tech. I would learn more in just one lecture of his class than a week or more in other classes. He makes complex material simple with some awesome examples (barbie dream computer, anyone?), and the final is not NEARLY as bad as I had heard from others. Prepares you very well for 2200 as well.,5.0,2.0
He does not care about your success in class at all. Does not teach anything, wastes more time inventing fantastic scenarios in lecture. Does not want you to learn. Hard to get the help needed - TAs are overworked and some refuse to help beyond a certain extent. The CS department offers poor, random and sporadic, free tutoring that does not help.,1.0,5.0
Go to www.sga.gatech.edu, you will see many semesters of CS2110 with high percentage of Fs. Remember, CS majors need at least a C in this class, and that is tough - looking at his grading record over many semesters, your chances of merely passing are statistically lower than for other classes or professors. He does not post solutions for anything.,1.0,5.0
His teaching is BAD. His lectures are often not clear, TAs are useless, and labs are very disorganized. However, he often has sense of humor during lecture, and his tests are relatively easy (has a huge review session before major tests, and test is almost 100% based on review session). If you really want to "learn" stuff, stay away.,1.5,3.0
Leahy is a great professor with very interesting lectures and fun assignments. I had him for 2110, which is a pretty challenging course, but I got the grade that I deserved.,4.5,4.0
I expected a lot from this class. But unfortunately, he was not the kind of professor I expected.,1.5,4.0
This is the worst class Ive ever taken. I love Computer Science but this is just horrible. This class was basically two or three classes made into one. Basics were taught but then you were expected to do advance homework. TA's were no help. The Book was barely any help after early in the semester. Homework assignments every week along with 5 timed,1.0,5.0
Best prof ever!,5.0,1.0
The worst class I've ever taken in my life. He's a really nice guy, but the class was nearly impossible, he'd assign homeworks and timed labs on the same week, tests were similar to the practice tests but he'd always throw in really technical questions in there that he didn't really go over as much in lecture... Overall, I did not enjoy this class.,2.0,5.0
Go to Stallworth's lectures and Vig's review sessions!,2.0,3.0
Lectures are completely worthless. Entertaining, yes, but you won't learn a thing from them. Absolutely horrible at teaching difficult stuff. The TAs for 1371 are really good though, so that helps. Tests are also pretty difficult, and graded harshly. Every time I had to talk to him one-on-one, he seemed very unfriendly and brief.,3.0,4.0
Leahy is very helpful if you ask but he has no idea how to explain complicated material. His examples in lecture are very problem specific so rarely help much on homework or tests,3.5,3.0
Lectures are very, very boring, and don't necessarily apply to the material. The homework is ridiculously difficult, but it's easy to find help. A good TA is very helpful.,2.5,2.0
Prof Leahy is a nice guy, but man, that class was tough. The homeworks are very hard and time-consuming, and some of the tests were really tough as well. Often times you have to teach yourself, because his examples are very specific and don't apply to many other cases. He is a nice guy, though, and if you ask him for help he'll go out of his way.,2.5,3.0
Doesn't make the class boring, very entertaining, but cannot clearly teach a complex material. You learn a lot outside of class(TA, online),3.0,3.0
This man could teach CS to an idiot!!! Does a great job at covering the material and all around really great leacturer... really can relate and put things at a level his students can understand,5.0,2.0
TAKE THIS TEACHER's CLASS, any that he offers. He is the most entertaining teacher I have had in 3 years of college. I learned alot from his lectures. Also, IGNORE previous guy's comment about tests. TA's also help make tests. I thought they were tough, but fair.,4.0,4.0
Don't be fooled by the act.,1.5,4.0
If you want vague examples and tests that do not resemble the readings or the lectures, take him. He is a good speaker ,but the tests are ridiculous.,1.5,3.0
THE MAN, I'd take any course he ever taught,5.0,2.0
Cool as ****, good teacher,5.0,3.0
no matter how many fish in the C you may *try* for, leahy is certainly a *catch*! LOLOLOLOLOL,5.0,1.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
Apparently he tells the same jokes every semester. This info comes from a friend that didn't make it out of 2130 the first time.,5.0,3.0
heavon must be missing an angel...,5.0,3.0
he is hot.,5.0,2.0
he's a hottie!,4.5,3.0
THE DUDE!,5.0,2.0
I quiver with excitement thru' each powerpoint slide! Tease me Bill!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Bill is the self proclaimed master of the analogy, and a damn cool guy. Honestly he is what every hardcore CS geek should desire to be.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
There aren't many professors as sexy as this one,4.0,3.0
Dead Sexy!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
Sexiest. Professor. EVAR.,5.0,3.0
Good for a Tech prof,4.5,4.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Best prof. yet.,5.0,1.0
kewl accent!,5.0,2.0
Kick ass!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Even good as a TA,5.0,2.0
One of my favorite professors of all time,5.0,3.0
He is a very nice and approachable prof. However, he is done in by poor course structure. It is hard to define the main learning objective of this course given the various course topics. Furthermore, the insistent use of a computer business simulation program named "Mikes Bikes" does not help enhance the course concepts. Nice guy, bad course.,2.0,2.0
Seems really nice, took the course online and barely listened to lectures (very boring). Knew the information inside out but midterms were still tough as it is all cases instead of knowledge. Studying helps but does not give good marks. Mike's Bikes is a weekly annoyance also. Multiple choice has similar options that are hard to discern often.,3.5,4.0
-great guy but his teaching style is not the most engaging -Bob is really friendly, helpful and funny, it's unfortunate that he chooses to incorporate Mike's Bikes in his classes. Not the greatest choice of learning tools. -this course definitely needs to be redesigned.,5.0,3.0
I took his AFM 131 class online, which saved me from his lectures (which I hear are dreadful). The group project was demanding, the material (including the book) are poorly written. Generally a terrible class and prof: confusing and cluttered. If you need help go in person- hes the most warm and useful person to person.,2.0,3.0
Show up and pass - bird course,4.5,1.0
worst prof ever,1.0,5.0
One of the hardest courses in first year. Information from lectures are unclear and unfocused. Vast amount of details from the textbook and many case problems on exams. The significant amount of grammar errors can distract the students and cause confusing during the exams. Not sure why we still have this prof teaching us.,1.0,5.0
The amount of "stuff" in this course is too damn high.,3.5,3.0
Worst prof ever. You learn a lot from the textbook if you've never taken international business in high school. The problem is that the midterms and final are not based on any of the lectures or textbook. The business strategy game is stressful. In-class iclicker quizzes do not produce marks unless you score very high in them.,2.5,5.0
What makes this course worse is that the midterms and finals are totally messed. They do not correspond to anything you have learned in the course. The whole point of this course is to get like a 90% before the final exam so you can drop 10% after. But if you get a hard TA and get only a 80% before final exam, then say goodbye to your 131 mark.,1.0,5.0
Interesting course, learned a lot. Its refreshing to see everyone else's posts whom agree that the midterms and final exams literally have nothing to do with the course--- I studied.. I knew the material.. and it did not help me in the exams.,2.0,5.0
Nice guy but terrible teaching style. Lectures don't help at all. Final assignment is very unclear and long. Midterms are weird. Boring class.,1.0,4.0
Like other people are saying, he does know what he's talking about. He isn't very good at teaching though. The classes are really boring and not all that informative. The information from the book, the online modules, and is all different. The main reason for the poorer is because the exams are unclear and aren't related to the course materials.,3.5,2.0
I don't see the issue with this guy. He clearly has passion for what he teaches and genuinely cares about the students. Opinions may be skewed because of a bad group in Mike's Bikes, or perhaps the planning of the course which could admittedly be improved. However without concrete suggestions he always responds to emails and is approachable,4.5,1.0
Reading the comments below, I'm not sure if some of these people should be in university. Good prof, stays on topic, expects textbook reading, covers areas that need explanation in class, challenges students on tests, clicker questions and test questions are from the readings (or direct applications), always willing to help, REALLY KNOWS HIS STUFF!,4.5,3.0
Really nice guy, terrible prof. Class is really dull, unless you really really love accounting. Exam questions are worded poorly. All the material learned in class is applicable to the Mike's Bikes simulation game, but not so much real life scenarios. There's iClicker quizzes every class, other than that there is no reason to show up to the lecture,1.5,4.0
Bad Prof, midterms are totally weird,1.0,3.0
Worse prof ever. Doesn't really teach in class, expects students to discuss and come up with the answers ourselves. Articles and videos are extra boring, but you have to pay attention because it's on the in class clicker and on the exam. Mikes Bikes is one terrible business sim game, barely relates to real life. Discussion board is stupid too.,2.0,4.0
IF YOU HAVE TO TAKE THIS COURSE, TAKE IT ONLINE! everything i have leaned i have taught myself from the textbook and apparently that is not good enough as im reading the comments below.. his questions are worded in the most confusing way! i regret taking this course... the professor tries very hard but it is not working...very boring and CONFUSING,2.0,5.0
his multiple choice are too confusing, sometimes its a matter of luck not knowledge,2.0,4.0
Great Prof! Thoughtful and done a relatively good job to be inclusive with classes of 200 people. Design of the course is clever.,4.0,1.0
Don't need to go to class. Midterms are completely unrelated to textbook. Mainly application questions.,2.0,3.0
Really boring prof. Class is super boring. Tough tests..,1.5,5.0
nice prof,4.5,2.0
His midterms are irrelevant to the textbook which is written by himself. Lecture is boring.,1.5,5.0
He was the least helpful. EXTREMELY unorganized and honestly you are way better off not taking his course at all.,1.0,5.0
Completely relied on the textbook, he was really monotone and failed to make the course content interesting. Very hard first year course with a really difficult final exam,1.0,4.0
Make sure you work hard on Mike's Bike and the bs little things because they'll save your mark. His tests are filled with grammar errors and it's completely based on luck. Even if you study, you can just pray for the best.,2.0,3.0
Sponge Bob is a great guy... his teaching style is just... weird. Exams are insanely hard (lots of 'Application Questions'). Mike's Bikes was fun (for me)... but most people hate it.,4.0,3.0
The lectures are completely useless. The Powerpoints have no content and are only to create discussion. The midterm and final questions are complete garbage. The textbook is the only thing with content you will have. The only reason people come to class is iClicker questions. Mike's Bikes is alright but better hope you get a good group.,2.0,3.0
This course was completely useless. I came to class only for the iclickers and to talk to my group about our assignment. Sproule is a nice guy and he tries hard. However, his midterms and exams are ridiculously hard.,3.0,4.0
This course required a lot of time and effort. Bob is a nice guy but his exams are brutal. After studying for many hours for the final, I came out guessing over 80% of the questions. Do not take this course until absolutely necessary. Also, people only attend class for the iClicker questions as the material taught in class is useless for exams.,2.5,4.0
Easiness: People complain how exams are not about what they learn, but that is wrong. Exams are not only focused on the textbook! He is prompt with his emails and readily available for questions; overall really nice person. A good speaker during class in terms of volume of his voice, and at least tries to make his lectures funny with his jokes.,4.0,2.0
Midterms have nothing to do with content learned.,1.0,5.0
Very hard course, be careful, especially online section.,1.5,5.0
Prof's teaching method is regretful,1.0,3.0
Took his course online. He had great communication and was very quick to answer emails. VERY helpful, fair, above-and-beyond teacher. Good sense of humour too and knew where it was appropriate to use it.,5.0,2.0
Annoyingly refers to past events in career as positive examples even though many are questionable examples or not applicable. Also has a strong focus on entrepreneurship instead of business in general. Overall disappointed with experience.,3.0,1.0
He's a nice guy, enthusiastic about teaching and about the subject. But the content, textbook, lecture slides, all of them are completely useless. Midterms are online but you won't find the answers anywhere. Too many concept maps. Mikes Bikes alone took up more time than any of my other courses.,1.5,4.0
The course was really dry. This professor does not like to teach anything related to the textbook, even though it's costly and he wrote it. His exams were challenging because they were mostly application. Too much work for a first year intro-business course, especially the constant stream of "reflections" and mikes bikes assignments.,2.0,3.0
lack of respect for the professor.,1.5,2.0
I didn't learn ANYTHING from this class. I only dragged myself to go for the clicker marks. I guess he's sort of a nice person, but the content was just boring and dry. The midterms were pretty challenging. Final was a bit easier. Heavily relied on the textbook.,2.0,3.0
I find his lectures to be somewhat useless. Read the book and you'll get a passing grade on the midterms. Also, large course load because of Mike's Bikes with constant assignments - especially for AFM'ers. He's nice and approachable. He does like to randomly put pictures of himself in slides/syllabus, etc.,3.5,2.0
terrible prof. Cannot word anything, least articulate man I have ever met. Terrible notes, terrible classes, just awful.,1.0,2.0
Avoid unless you want to deal with his arrogance and hard exams! (oh, did I mention the costly courseware required?),1.0,5.0
Terrible prof. Midterms are impossible. Multiple choice, and often with no single right answer. You end up guessing and hoping. He wrote the textbook, which is not only useless, but not relevant to most of the questions on midterm. Take this course only if necessary. People only go to do clicker questions.,1.5,2.0
Utterly useless class. I learned nothing from this man all semester. Your common sense will basically get you through his exams, since his notes and the textbook are pretty useless. If you don't have to take the class, avoid it. Way too big of a workload for a first year course as well. Couldn't wait for the term to end just because of this class.,1.5,4.0
There are things I disliked, the first mid-term was bad. But I spoke to the prof who was very nice and he helped explain what to look for in exams. Also, I got a better grade than I thought - studied well for the final and thought I did poorly but I ended up with a good mark. So, as in any course, if you stay committed to it, you will succeed.,3.5,2.0
I really hated his class. His slides were ALL application, no material from the textbook at all. The only way you can do well is to thorougly know all the concepts prior to tests. Midterm and final are tricky. I only took this course because it was mandatory. Avoid this prof if at all possible.,2.5,4.0
Awful class. Most people only took this class because it is required. Definitely way too demanding for a first year general business course. Don't bother studying for the exam as the questions are all application and failing is inevitable.,2.0,4.0
expects way to much for students considering most ppl have 4 other courses, content is slightly tricky if u cannot dedicate as much time as needed (which is way too much),3.0,5.0
He is a nice person and is very active in the program. The lectures seem all over the place, though, and the slides do not cover anything much at all. It is somewhat useful to read the textbook, but since the midterms and exams are mostly application questions, good common sense is more important than knowing the material.,3.0,2.0
Horrible. Class is just plain boring. Random questions on exam. IClicker was the only thing that keep people going to his class.,1.0,5.0
He's not a bad guy, but the course is just boring.The clicker questions are, at times, tricky. Do try to learn something from that course thou. Mike's Bikes is pretty fun, look forward to that.,2.5,2.0
most boring class of all time. NO ONE, absolutely NO ONE pays attention in class except for the random 2 or 3 people. everyone is busy typing away either on msn, youtube, etc etc. i wouldn't go to class if it weren't for those ridiculous iclicker questions. exams comprised of the most random questions. no point in studying,1.0,5.0
His distance ed course is awful. The simulation game is not very fun, and I've never found simulations to be very educational. The questions on the midterms are not at all related to the lessons.,2.0,5.0
iClicker making class mandatory - $50. Stupid pointless MikesBikes Game - $40. Textbook he never talks about anyways - $90. Nobody paying attention, and instead going on MSN, playing games, and sleeping - Priceless. Except the course is a waste of money, so I guess it's not priceless.,2.0,4.0
Pointless class. Class is a waste of time, you only go for the clicker questions, nothing relevant is taught. Midterm was full of random questions giving a course average of 52% on it. Avoid this class if you can. Terrible.,1.0,5.0
Somewhat nice guy, terrible prof. Took AFM 131 - absolutely pointless class. Learned nothing and found the instructions of the prof completely incomprehensible. Marks seemed to be generated from nowhere (16% of your course mark is derived from posting on discussion boards at the right time). Avoid this professor if at all possible,1.0,4.0
terrible,1.0,3.0
Not a good prof - yes his material is interesting but you never know whether what he's talking about will be on the exam or not. He rarely ever uses the textbook and clicker questions are usually vague at best. Openly favours certain students in the class and honestly that MikesBikes game was the dumbest assignment I've ever had to do.,1.0,2.0
Hmm, this prof is...different. He doesnt really lecture you on anything, but rather hold a series of discussion questions in class. The clickers are a big reason to go to class, but I scored better on my final..making them useless. The business game you have to play can be good or bad depending on your group. Final was weird.. ok course i guess,2.5,1.0
His teaching style is rather confusing. Hence i-clicker questions make his classes mandatory.,3.0,3.0
iclickers are the only reason to go to class. he does absolutely nothing in class; the first few weeks are "what are good qualities in a team mate" and etc. but expects you to understand everything in the text. midterm was easy, but the exam was terrible and he used terms that HE never used and that the BOOK never used.,1.0,3.0
You go to his classes ONLY because of iclicker questions because you dont learn anything. Just a series of discussions that really dont lead to anything important. just read the textbook for all you info,3.0,2.0
Nice teach, tries to be fair and have fun random comments once in a while in class =P,4.0,3.0
Nice person, but EXTREMELY boring!Lectures are the longest bs ever!Everyone's either sleeping or playing games on their laptops. Nobody would have ever gone to class if he didn't have those clicker quizzes. The course itself is not hard, but there's SO MUCH to do every week! And his course SO expensive! You have buy alot of stuff. ugh..useless!,1.0,4.0
very boring,1.0,5.0
boring boring boring. makes no sense at all going to class. all he does is brag out himself. but does go the extra mile to learn names when participating in class. oh just a note on the side, the course can be expensive (clicker, mikes bikes, course readings and textbook),2.0,3.0
nice,3.0,3.0
Easy course. Easy-going prof. Kind of slow though..,4.0,1.0
Not bad. Sooo funny. Is convinced he is Sponge Bob. haha,3.0,3.0
He is the worst prof in the world. He drags on his words and make his past students do thing for him in higher years.,1.5,4.0
He wasn't very interesting and doesn't care about making the clicker quizzes fair to everyone. The questions are all the same, so certain people from previous classes can get the answer beforehand. All his exams are M/C, but it can be quite tricky and confusing. His lack of English proficiency in his exam questions make it difficult to understand.,2.0,1.0
Great prof, I am shocked people are so harsh. I think it takes time to reach the maturity level to fully appreciate this prof. The material comes from different sources, the grade is broken down as well. He puts a lot of effort to make this class interesting and relevant. A very structured course. Awesome.,5.0,2.0
Good Prof, if you read the material assigned (WHICH IS A LOT!) and come to lectures, it alllll makes sense! Easy to get a good mark. And he's a good guy!,4.0,1.0
boring,1.0,4.0
He seems like an amazing guy, however I found his class extremely boring!! We have clicker questions, so you have to be in class to answer them. I enjoyed the material, but not the prof.,1.0,4.0
great prof, class is just ok. You have to go to classes b/c of the clicker quizzes, but they are typically easy. mikes bikes all depends on your group but is a large portion of the class. he really takes and interest in his students and makes an effort to know their names,5.0,2.0
I must give him credit for one thing-->he forced me to come to class because of those clicker quizzes. Mike's Bikes was utterly useless, very much like most of the class content. Oh well, it's over.,1.0,1.0
Only reason to go to class was for the clicker quizzes, which he is generous for giving final marks for. Know the textbook and you will do fine. Sproule spent a lot of time on ethics and it was a major component of the final exam.,2.0,3.0
Nice man. Absolutely useless. He forces you to show up with the clicker quizzes. I brought my laptop everyday to play Tetris and watch Scarface. Worst professor of all time.,1.5,4.0
This guy is a great professor I don't know what some of you are talking about. If you actually put effort in its a fun and enjoyable class. All of you who talk bad about him deserve to have a Derek Pyne class to see what true horror is.,4.0,2.0
I give this guy credit for TRYING to make class interesting. However, the way he does it is horrible. The lectures are simply a regurgitation of the textbook, but he suckers you into coming to class with his stupid clicker quizzes. His tests are those ones where you have to read his mind in order to get the "most right" answer...,2.5,4.0
A very nice and sweet man. Not a lot of people like him becuase of the way he teaches. Just do well in mikes bikes and exams... The course load is way too heavy.,4.0,2.0
i honestly don't understand why he is still employed here.,1.5,4.0
We have to play this game called mikes bikes. He assigns our groups and if you are like me, you may get stuck with a bunch of tools who do nothing the entire semester and expect you to write the 20 page report. I have gone to my TA AND my Sproule and neither could be of any assistance.I'm getting screwed over, it's not my fault, and i can't help it,1.5,4.0
I have never despised a course so much, the prof, the class, the stupid game we have to play, the group he put me in, the list goes on. He is a bad teacher and a lot of class time is wasted "discussing topics" with friends, but we all know that never happens. I haven't learned anything in the class.,1.5,4.0
Asking for help, he was extremely nice and caring and actually very helpful. However, in class he can be patronistic, and sometimes it`s hard to tell whether he knows there are other subjects that exist besides business. Theres an extremely large and unneccessary courseload; maybe he is unaware that students actually take 5 courses a semester. gees,1.0,4.0
Roses are red, Violets are blue, this prof's completely useless, his lectures are too,1.0,1.0
Oh boy he is useless. If you want to learn anything in this course it has to be from the textbook.,2.0,2.0
Im sitting in this class RIGHT NOW. clearly, nothing worth listening to is going on because im on this site. He is a horrible teacher. Worst I'e ever seen. I've learned nothing in this class. And yes, the ONLY reason i go to class is because he has these damn clicker quizes. horrible. i thought UW hired prestigeous teachers...,1.5,2.0
Hardly worth attending lectures but course is easy, so why not?,3.5,1.0
I say attendance is mandatory cuz of clicker quizzes (only thing that makes you go to class). Boring lectures, attempts to teach you entrepreneurship when it is something learned thru exp. Tips: work your butt off in the Mike's Bikes report (really pointless "game") and make sure you cover everything in the textbook for his tests. I got 92.,1.5,3.0
He is a very nice guy but very boring and thinks he's funny. Overall the class was easy but way too much reading assignments. buy a clicker but don't wast your money on mikes bikes, just make sure atleast one other person in your group has it and you'll do fine.,4.0,1.0
Don't buy clicker or Mikes bikes. Neither are necessary whatsoever!! Split mikes bike with the people in your group after you find it out. You dont all need a copy!!,2.0,3.0
As a science student, I found this management course pretty easy. The mikes bikes group thing was not very useful and seemingly a waste of time. The midterm and final were not very difficult I found.,3.0,2.0
Completely boring. Only went to class because he has clicker quizzes almost every class. Tests were completely random. Had a ton of reading material. Talked a lot of the time about the most random things.,2.0,3.0
Nice guy but the lectures are sooooo boring. Attendance is required because of the clicker tests, which are often very ambiguous and irrelevant. Mike's Bikes Assignment is a pain, pray you get a good group. Lots of reading but the textbook is helpful. Difficult final.,2.0,4.0
Dude this guy is so useless in his teachings... However, He is a nice guy though.. I got 79% and managed to convince him to give me 1 more% and his mid terms and exams are pure RANDOM Stuff..... Like to do really well in this class you have to be a total geek and basically record everything he says... Other than that you will most likely get 75%+,3.0,2.0
ahahah hes a joker ..SPONGE BOB ..all tho da class was long sometimes boring i still love him n hes cute ;),5.0,1.0
Useless prof. He doesn't explain anything, just read the textbook if you think it's necessary. If anyone argues with his answers he belittles them and ignores their complaints. His midterm is almost completely random... I'm glad I barely studied for it. Barely studied for the final either and I still pulled off a high 80s mark. Good luck.,1.5,2.0
He pretty much explains everything in class & the book is unnecessary, BUT he expects you to read the text before coming to class in order to do the clicker questions. The writing components are pretty much a test to see how well you can bs.,4.0,3.0
I did fine in the course but it was absolutely boring. Also, it seems as if he doesn't know what he's talking about at times (more than most profs..). His lectures are quite boring and the course required too many materials. Go to class for the clicker questions and just listen to music or something.,3.5,2.0
da worst prof ever. He just doesn't know how to teach. You'll learn nth afta taking this course. And I bet no one wanna go to his lec if there's no clicker.,1.5,4.0
Sproule is a very nice man, and very pleasant to talk to. He tries his hardest to make a boring subject funny, and for those who were mature enough to stay and listen to his jokes and stories at the end of class would agree that he is a very kind person. The exams never seemed to cover anything I had studied, however.,4.0,4.0
HORRIBLE CLASS. If you don't need to take it, don't take it. Clickers are stupid, so save yourself some money and don't even buy one... if your final mark is higher than your clicker mark, it gets weighted as your clicker mark anyway. Going to lectures doesn't help at all. I actually did fine in the class, it was just so insanely boring.,2.5,4.0
it was a hard course,4.0,4.0
Clicker questions were not clear.,2.0,3.0
I took this class last year. The clicker quizzes were ridiculously hard and no one knew where to find the answers - they weren't in the text or lectures. People from other sections later in the week would come to ours and write down all the answers, then go back and ace their quizzes because all the questions were the exact same.,1.0,4.0
He has these radical ideas to make AFM 131 "better" when what he's doing is actually making it 10xharder, more confusing than it actually is. His lectures are useless, stuff he says is in the text. Questions for clicker quizzes, midterms, final..UNCLEAR. WORKLOAD too heavy and unnecessary. I don't know how to study for this course...just retire,1.0,4.0
WORST CLASS EVER. his clicker quizzes are NOT based on the textbook. what are they based on then? "application" that is subjective. only his answer is the right answer. so opinion-based. and his midterms and finals are also not based on the textbook. u might as well not read the textbook and go in hoping you'll get above chance levels.,1.0,5.0
Lectures are terrible and boring. Wastes 20 mins a class minimum having you discuss things with your group (which no one does) and don't get me started on the clickers. I feel as if I have learned nothing yet got an 85 on the midterm, what does that tell you? Try to take this class with anyone but "Sponge Bob" Save yourself, it's too late for me,2.5,1.0
Really bad and confuses me a lot!,1.0,4.0
This prof is a joke!! He introduces himself as Sponge Bob - what does that tell you!!!??! haha! He's a knowledgeable man but class is so damn boring. Course is expensive, stupid pointless clicker quizzes, and useless Mikes Bikes software that you pay like 50 bucks for... Overall the course was not hard..,2.0,3.0
This class is the most painful one I've ever taken. The prof has a mistaken idea that he gives very good lectures, which is quite far from the truth. The course is quite expensive due to the number of auxiliary materials associated with it. While the course per se is not difficult, the evaluation structure rarely works in anyone's favour.,1.0,3.0
Professor Sproule himself isnt a bad prof, but this COURSE IS GARBAGE! You spend money for useless things such as the clicker quizzes (which u fail anyways) and the MIKES BIKES game which is complete waste of time. If you dont have to take this course DONT TAKE IT!!!,2.5,4.0
I am saddened that UW even has a prof. of this calibre. It was simply agonizing to sit through his monotonous lectures and listen to him try to teach. I don't doubt his knowledge in the subject matter, as I cannot be sure of that until I actually listen to him, but he is simply a poor teacher. Other than the easy marks, it was a waste of time.,1.0,1.0
WORST PROF EVER!! his clicker quizzes are the hardest thing ever and not even based on the textbook. We also have to be in RANDOM teams to play this business simulation game. and discussions every week too. WHY DOES THIS HAVE TO BE A MANDATORY COURSE?!?!,1.0,5.0
if you want an ezzz 90% ake his course but let me tell you the hardest part of his course: staying up during class. He has AC on during the class so that we can have a good 1 hr sleep and wake up just in time for his clicker quizess. He doesnt teach anything which is good because his exams and midterms were a breeze. Juss listen to those dum jokes.,3.0,1.0
In all honesty, as others before me have voiced similarly, IF YOU DON'T NEED THIS COURSE, DON'T TAKE IT! Lectures are a definite waste of time but because of the clickers, students are forced to go. Marks can be easily gained through the discussion topics, etc. 2 main tips for success: 1) Read the book. 2) Pray for a smart group for Mike's Bikes.,1.5,2.0
he sucks! if u dont have to take afm 131 get the heck out of there!! more than half of the class leaves right after his quizes he cant seem to keep the class interested in the material because he finds the most boring way of teaching it,1.5,3.0
easy course, bad teacher.,2.0,1.0
not a hard course to do well in ... as long as you get a good group for your final project. He's alright, better than many profs.,4.5,1.0
Hmm I don't think I've ever learned anything from him. Actually I wouldn't know, I've never paid attention in class, but it's all good 'cuz all you need is the textbook. Don't bother going to class..,2.0,3.0
He wants to be called Spongebob... that's all you need to know.,2.0,3.0
The course was extremely boring but its really easy to do well. practically gives out marks with the clicker questions and discussion board.,3.0,1.0
Hmm we got assigned to this Mike's Bikes thing and it all went downhill from there. Classes weren't much better; I went to every lecture but I wanted to fall asleep. It didn't add much to the experience. His class overall isn't particularly hard, but it's not exactly enjoyable either. :/ At least he's a nice guy though, or it'd really suck.,4.0,3.0
If you are not required to take this course for your program>THEN DON'T! If you have taken any biz courses in highschool it is a waste of your time and money. Please for the love of God, STAY AWAY! I went to every lecture and feel that my time would have better spent by simply reading the textbook. Lectures and powerpoint slides are worthless.,1.5,3.0
He's not the best lecturer, but you're forced to go and do the clicker quizzes anyway. Not that hard of a class as long as you do the work, but still kinda boring. Also, My mikes bikes group sucked and I did all the work, not cool.,2.0,2.0
He is an "ok" prof. Lectures aren't too great, but he is nice and tries to be funny. Do the readings and try to listen to his lectures and you will do good.,2.5,3.0
I don't know. This guy cracks the worst jokes ever. I had him in first year... and I thought it was bad. It's just boring. Everyone falls asleep and he gets mad, even though he fell asleep when a guest lecture came by. To some, he's easy, to me.. he's not.,2.0,3.0
No Comments,3.5,2.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
The guy is weird ... he does call himself spongebob, n had a spongebob with him on the first day of class ... he is very borin n can make one fall asleep easily ... goin to his class in a waste of time, cuz readin the text is better than lookin at the slides he shows ... good luck if u have him in ur first year!,3.0,2.0
It's not that Prof Sproule doesn't want to be interesting and nice. And to a degree he is. Sadly however he is not the most gifted speaker in the world and I find I want to kill myself everytime I am in class. He will answer any questions you have but the lectures just have no value. And the man calls himself spongebob for the love of....,2.5,4.0
the worst teacher ever :),1.5,3.0
Meh, can be boring but all in all a good teacher,3.5,3.0
I HATE his clases!! They are so boring I have managed to fall asleep in ALL of them! He gives us a quiz every class so you can't skip! DO NOT take his clases if you don't have to!,1.0,5.0
Prof not to great when it comes to teaching, the class is easy, just do the online assignments that require time but get you easy marks. Going to class is pretty much a waste of time unless he has a guest speaker because he tests on guest speakers and videos like a mofo. This prof was a little strange, but a bird course if you do the assignments.,1.0,5.0
Didn't learn anything from either class...so many stupid small, time-consuming assignments...but they're very easy...worst lecturer ever...didn't explain anything; he would say the heading of the slide and move on...corny jokes were funny sometimes...don't bother going to class,1.5,2.0
This class was very easy! I didn't like going to lectures often because it was afm and it was 8:30. However, Bob made the class easy. If you do the assignments, and the readings from the book, you should be fine.,5.0,1.0
WORST PROF EVER! I skipped so many of his classes. As long as you read the textbook, you'll be fine.,1.5,4.0
Bobs lec room was not even big enough for his 600 students however only about 30 would show up to class daily. his lectures were that boring. however i dragged my self to it everyday, and still got a baaddd mark!! (61) unclear,reads right out of the text book. His being nice and trying to be funny..well gee thats great but wont matter for our marks,1.0,2.0
He was a sweet prof and the classes were kind of dry but thats not really his fault. As long as you kept up with the reading there is no problem at all. The text book was very clear and helpful. Work extra hard at understanding the financial because that is what I found to be the more difficult (tough midterm).,4.0,2.0
wow..i never thought i'd find a class this boring..i found that the content was boring as it is..but Sproult just made it worse! never wanted to NOT go to class as much as his classes make you want to do that!,1.0,4.0
talks too much and wastes too much time on non-sense.,1.5,3.0
Not the greatest teacher, midterm was difficult, final was not quite as bad. Just keep up with the concepts and do well on the assignments and there is nothing to worry about. For the character that wants us to go to study workshops, a workshop on spelling and grammar might help you with the ELPE...,3.0,3.0
Don't bother going to this class. He posts all of the inclass examples on the website, and his course notes are useless. The group work in this class is easy marks. Basically just study what he puts on the exam outlines and you'll be ok. Lots of little crap work like in AFM 131.,1.0,4.0
,5.0,2.0
Sproule started off being a good prof, but then we settled into the class, and it got DRY. Boring lectures; his explanations were basically right off the slides without any further insight...Almost seemed like "SpongeBob" didn't even know the material...He did try to make it interesting but it wasnt,1.5,3.0
this prof. is horrible at teaching this class. The midterm average was 55%.. he should be fired with a class average like that! GOOD AT TEACHING AFM 131,2.5,4.0
In retrospect, this guy was an awesome awesome prof, especially compared with what I have now (Anthony Atkinson)... At least Bob made the class interesting with his jokes, and his involvement of the students. And it actually seemed that he ENJOYED what he was teaching. In retrospect, a cool guy! :),5.0,3.0
Hahahahaha I don't why everyone is complaining about how his final was sooooooo hard...the final was a cinch if you actually read the damn textbook people. Went in with something in the low 80s, came out with a solid 85, and I hardly attended the lectures.,3.0,1.0
good class! the prof is not bad but it was not bad and its a good class and bob is a good guy!!,3.0,3.0
he talks way too slow, and makes accounting even more boring than it already is (believe me.. it is possible with bob) I can't wait to get out of this class, now i have had bob for two classes (this one and AFM !131) i hope i never have to take another class with bob again!!,1.5,4.0
His classes are a joke. Everything you need to know is in the textbook.. but watch out for the final. It's brutal. Who knows where he gets his information to test the students on. It's ridiculous. On top of that, there's stupid team work that has nothing to do with the course.,1.5,4.0
Final exam was brutal. I had a 90 going into it, and came out with a 76 overall. The midterm and all assignment were super easy, but the final is totally whack. I don't even know where he pulled some of those questions from.,2.0,3.0
Good grief. The amount of times I skipped this lecture was just ridiculous. Brutally boring and uninteresting. I'd rather chew on tin foil then go to another one of those lectures. However, his tests aren't bad, and the assignments help boost your mark.,2.0,3.0
Lectures put you to sleep - No point in going b/c slides are all online or in workbook. Read the articles! Midterms and Exam all Multiple choice and kinda hard. 20% worth of assignments really boost your mark though. assigned groups for weekly assingments.,2.5,3.0
His course is one of the easiest i had ever taken. His tests are challening, however, if you study for them you can pass it with an A or a B. His assignments are simple and it is easy to get perfect on each one of them.,5.0,2.0
In every class, he turns down the lights so that students fall asleep if not, feel drowsy. He pretty much READS from the txtbook, cant teach, UNFAIR marker & his jokes are lame. I mean, c'mon, being tested on the GUEST SPEAKERS?! I wish I never had to take AFM again.,1.0,3.0
Everything about the way he teaches was awful. People who didn't have to take his class dropped out by the end of the first week. Nothing is learned in the lectures, everything you need to know is in the textbook and UWOne website. Exams are killer because course is basically self-taught.,1.0,3.0
Listen to me. Easy course b/c assignments are gimmes for makrs,5.0,1.0
The women left the exam first. It was just hard for a lot of guys mostly.,1.0,1.0
the exam was difficult and unfair! he should prepare us better by making for interesting lectures,2.5,3.0
I slept through most of the classes. He's a good guy but doesn't know how to maintain the interest of the students and does not know how to share his knowledge of the material with the students.Midterms and exams were difficult.If u take that class u have to know how to learn by yourself,1.5,3.0
The exam was brutal.. very picky like the midterm.. not quite nice.. if you have a question.. he would answer you in a way like he answered nothing.. very boring lectures.. by far my worst class but the group work was worth experiencing.. but if you had a bad group then you are so screwed.,2.0,4.0
The exam was pretty easy, eh? You don't really need to go to class. Read the book ONLY. He's so ******* boring.,1.0,1.0
lectures are really boring, and there is work every week to submit on the internet. but if you email him with a problem, he responds really fast. keep up with the reading.,4.5,3.0
I think this class is horrible. Almost half of the class fell asleep during lecture. SO, just don't go..but there are lots of reading. it's actually not THAT bad... it's all common sense. but the midterm is SOO hard. it based on articles and what the guest speakers said during presentation. =(,2.0,4.0
Hey bob..your TAs are useless. They take such a long time to reply to the students' enquiries, and certainly don't have a lot of knowledge about anything related to this course requirement (such as the e-portfolios, etc.) You should seriously consider training your TAs or hire better ones.,1.0,5.0
Group work is fairly useless but a good mark booster. Guest speakers are fairly useless but questions show up on testing. Lectures are fairly useless, so don't waste your time. Read the textbook and articles, and you'll be fine.,2.0,3.0
A good person and wanted to help. The class itself was boring, but his jokes helped (although some were kinda cheezy!) Midterm was easy, but he made the final hard. Definitely do the assignments and group discussion...they will boost your mark big time!,3.5,2.0
,1.5,4.0
Really nice guy, however does not bring across topics that clearly. however u will do well in the midterm and final if u read the text. he tries his hardest and is clearly a good person.,3.0,2.0
Avoid Sproule's class at all cost! His lectures are boring! A waste of time and money! he made me lose interest in management. take his course only if u're FORCED to do so.,1.5,5.0
He's the worst prof ever! His assignments are easy but exams are ridiculous(focus too much on the details, which is stupid!!!)Honesty is not the best policy to use if u didn't submit assignments on time.just lie.cos even if u tell the truth, he'll still penalize 50% of your marks. VERY slow talker!!,1.0,3.0
Sproule is a horrable prof. He is the most incoherent speaker EVER! The assignments and groupwork are very easy and good mark boosters, but the concept of eportfolios is pointless- the only thing he is marking in them is stuff that has already been submitted for marks! Brutal!!! I dread this class,1.0,3.0
He came into class on the first day with socks and sandals....things went downhill rapidly from that day forward....,1.0,5.0
No Comments,4.0,1.0
Great teacher, interesting! Bob uses a great variety of teaching devices. Draws on background experience and uses guest speakers effectively. Highly recommended1,4.5,3.0
Alright...this man even makes checking ur midterm answers a HUGE NITEMARE!!! He honestly doesn't know nething (no wonder he wizzed by stocks/bonds)..guest speakers = snoozefest! i was REALLY looking forward to taking this class but Sproule has made it into a nitemare...I hate this class so much :(,1.0,4.0
Read the textbook. He acts as if you already knw everything and prefers to just discuss the material in general- which is bad because the material is general too. Put effort into the assignments, a lot of marks are on them. His sample midterm was not representtative of the actual one.,2.0,3.0
Bad prof. Way too many questions on midterm regarding useless topics like guest speakers articles. Overall, the questions did not seem to make much sense with TONNES of spelling and grammatical errors in the questions.,1.0,3.0
He is not that good at teaching.. the midterm was nothing that I expected.. questions too general with all answers sounding correct.. and many questions on the articles from the course reader! and the course reader is supposed to be an "optional" purchase... :(,3.5,3.0
Wow Bob's dumb..I asked him a simple question about options (time value) and not only did he NOT know, he told me to ask other students in the class instead! Err..a biz teacher should know this stuff, no? i agree w/sample mid-term comment..not even close to actual..read EVERY line of text instead!,1.0,3.0
GREAT GUY!! FUNNY! I don't know what these people are talking about! Really CARES about his students and makes an effort to get to know them. does his best to make boring material a little interesting. really good prof. If you HAVE to take the course, highly recommend taking with him.,5.0,3.0
one of the worst profs ive encountered in my whole life. even a second yr can teach better.,1.0,5.0
i don't get anything from his lectures... he asks insignificant questions on the exam that nobody reads into...should teach us/test us more on the content of the course...also...make sure that the sample exam given is REPRESENTATIVE of what we should expect...,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Don't bother reading the book, don't bother attending classes. He's not a good teacher (that's putting it lightly). His mid-term questions were very obscure, and no specifications. If you want to do well in this course, my advice to you is memorize the book, and I mean WORD FOR WORD, LINE FOR LINE.,1.0,4.0
This course is such a bore, maybe not the text but the lectures, no point in going, just read the text and you'll be okay.,3.0,3.0
easy class if you have ever taken a business course. Its just a regergatation of grade 12 economics.,3.0,2.0
He's a pretty good prof, but you dont need to attend the lectures. Just read the textbook, and do the group assignments (easy marks). The quiz questions were ambigous at times; but he makes an easy midterm and final.,2.5,2.0
VERY nice guy...very student oriented, likes to please us (refreshing!)...however, he goes quite fast when covering lecture material so you gotta read the slides ahead of time and make notes before hand if possible...little tasks a WASTE of time,4.0,2.0
this guy is a tool. the university has to have internal controls, ie. a competent teacher...well, not giving marks clearly deserved = incompetence. always have to fight for silly marks, mc wording very ambiguous, have to think what does he want me to say&,1.5,1.0
Only 1 thing hard about this course: Multiple Choice (ie. online quizzes and midterm/final) Exam breakdown was great. To do well on M/C - read, but if not, you can still ace the course by doing well in group work and on written portion of exams,4.0,2.0
Read the textbook and you'll ace the course. Lectures were clear but the textbook is more than enough, so no need to really attend. This is a bird course, but there is a lot of little tasks that must be completed that make it a bit time consuming.,4.0,1.0
i love this professor..he made a great attempt to get to know all his students and really seems to care. always helps you out when he can.. looks for ways to make his lecture better by asking for suggestions...tests are fair..as long as you properly study,4.5,2.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
A very boring class. The group work and webposting components were useless.,3.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
lectures a bit too slow. gotta read for the class or u wont understand what hes talking about. tries to liven class by telling corny jokes. but overall a pretty nice guy.,4.0,3.0
Nice guy but lectures too slowly to hold interest, high % of mark is busy work and participation. Not sure if I really learned anything.,4.5,1.0
Go to class and you'll have no problem super Ace-ing the course. Great examples, explains things very clearly and patient!!! Amazing, best prof ever.,5.0,1.0
I suppose this is a hard class to teach, since there are people who know accounting, and there are those who don't. For those who don't (like me), watch out. He goes waaaaay too fast. :oP,2.5,4.0
This class is evil! Avoid at all costs! He explains things really well, but his exams are super hard. Also, he's in love with webboard and it's a pain in the butt.,3.5,4.0
Good Prof. Tries to liven up a dull course. I give him props.,4.0,2.0
a good prof teaching a harsh course, makes it fun, just study,5.0,1.0
good powerpoint notes.. bird course.. makes funny jokes but still a boring cours,3.5,2.0
Boring, FINAL exam was a Killer,2.0,4.0
Its not his fault acc is boring, corny jokes tho.,4.0,4.0
Tells the awful jokes you'd expect from an accountant who's never seen the sun.,2.0,4.0
No Comments,2.5,2.0
Boring course to teach. funny jokes. study past exams help.,3.5,3.0
Brings outside jokes to class to mantain student interst,3.5,2.0
Alright person /just isn't a good teacher to ppl who don't know jack about acc,1.0,4.0
If you can stay awake through the prof and the material, more power to you,2.0,2.0
Nice guy, tries to be funny, but not very good at teaching,3.0,2.0
Jokes = bad, Course = bad, Prof = good. Wish he taught another course.,5.0,1.0
some jokes are okay, course is boring, not his fault,5.0,2.0
Prof has a sense of humour, helpful & organized. But tedious course.,5.0,3.0
Nice guy... lame jokes,4.0,3.0
learned people name's! That get's him a %,5.0,2.0
can be tedious at times, but has a good grasp of what he's teaching,4.5,2.0
Sweet man, boring course,4.0,2.0
Although he tried to keep interest, he cannot teach, he's monotonous & boring.,3.0,3.0
He made solid attempts to keep the class interesting. Its accting - thats tough,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
My living hell.,2.0,4.0
This man is useless, and taught me nothing,2.0,3.0
I like the guy. Probably too old but still is a good prod. You can easily get a great mark.,5.0,2.0
Taught for half a term, then was eventually replaced by the TA, who taught far more during in the one-hour tutorial than this prof did in 3 hours of lectures.,1.0,1.0
Guys, he does not steal slides, most of the material is written by him if you look deeper at the subject, he just doesn't seem to remember... that's all... He knows his material... give the dude some slack...,2.0,3.0
Every lecture, it takes him 5 mins to set up the PowerPoint. He ends the class usually 10 min early. ($5000 tuition!!!). bad assignments. The materials are not that hard if he really spends time teaching not reading the slides. Whenever there is a question, he is like "I forget, i will get back to you". and guess what, he never gets back to you.,1.5,4.0
Overall a good prof. Smart, easy going. Enjoyed his lectures. To those who said he steals slides from the internet: How do you know that he steals?? There's a possibility that he talked to the authors of the slides and asked for permissions before using them. Do not say those words again unless you can prove them!,4.0,1.0
Lectures started late and ended early. We covered about half of the material of previous classes. No syllabus was given.,1.0,1.0
not as easy as everyone claims but if you listen to lecture and reviews, youll be prepared for exams.,3.5,2.0
I know he gave a student a passing grade when they came crying to him saying they're getting kicked out of school.Therefore not so heartless.,4.5,2.0
Brilliant man... horrible teacher...,2.0,4.0
tought us software engineering.. it was good to know,3.0,4.0
He is an excellent prof. I've taken more than one course with him and always enjoyed his classes. He is very organized and knowledgeable.,3.5,3.0
He cares about students and willing to help. His teaching style is not the best but it is okay. He would have been a better instructor if the course material was more interesting. A good professor overall.,3.5,2.0
Helpful to me,3.5,3.0
Blah,3.0,4.0
Course Material was too damn hard!,3.0,3.0
Great Professor I would recommend.,4.0,2.0
Nice teacher but only to smart students. If you're late to class, don't do the homework or make an ass out of yourself in any way he'll treat you like**** and you probably deserve it. Very smart and helpful guy.,4.5,5.0
Every lecture felt like an April fool's joke. He steals slides from other schools, reads off them, and then gets confused. Answers to questions are either "I dont know" or "I forgot". Spent an entire lecture introducing us to the internet and how to use Google. Horrible prof. Scratches the surface and expects us learn on our own (via Google).,1.5,1.0
WARNING! Avoid if possible!!,1.0,3.0
I've never had such a horrible prof EVER! he steals lecture notes off of the web, doesn't even understand the slides and have the class explain the meaning of the slide to him. He admits that he is not english speaking... then what the hell are you doing here? VERY unhelpful if he thinks you don't go to his classes.,1.0,3.0
It says something when you tell other faculty members that you have Mavadat, and they appologize for it. Does use any of his own material (lecture notes or exams), steals it from other people (texts, online) and barely becomes familiar with it. Exams have nothing to do with the material discusses, though can be easy depending on what he picks.,1.0,4.0
Absolutely awful.,1.0,3.0
He is OK,3.0,3.0
BORING. but hypnotic.. so thats good. He was so lazy as a teacher - this made the class easy. Got an 80 without writing a single C++ delete statement. Does not teach C++ well.. reads all notes from overhead.. terrible at teaching....but easy on marks,2.0,2.0
Extremely boring. Can't teach. If you get up in the middle of the class he may stop his lecture to ask where you're going. You can skip all the classes and still end up with 80+ (many people did). Most slides from class were posted online.,1.0,1.0
There must be a reason for all the people who are willing to "waste" their time to post their comments about this professor.. His lectures are irrevalent to neither the midterms nor the finals.,1.0,3.0
Although Mavaddat is a good person, I don't think that teaching is his calling.,1.0,4.0
Gets confused by his own slides, which in turn are just copies of the textbook (for C++ at least). Very unhelpful, at times rude. Avoid if you can.,1.0,1.0
When you can ace the course without going to a single class, there's something horribly wrong.,1.0,1.0
One of the most inconsiderate, useless people I've met. Hopefully soon to retire!,1.5,1.0
One of the worst profs in the entire faculty, avoid at all cost. All the other posts are true, and the only thing I have to add is that he should not be allowed to teach, period.,1.0,1.0
Boring!!! Exams and assignments are a joke. Personally you dont need to go to class to learn the material. Take Mavaddats class and ace the course,2.5,1.0
Easy exams and assignments. NOTE: Horrible lecturer, broken english, knows about as much about C++ as some 1st year students, slow pace and you basically learn the material yourself. Avoid unless you desire a good nap in MC.,2.0,1.0
I thought his lectures were actually OK, if a little too slow. But he is very unhelpful and seems disinterested. I really think he should retire from teaching. He never looked like he enjoyed anything about it.,2.0,3.0
Can't teach C++ worth a flying f***. He'll go on and on about the most trivial things, repeating himself lots, and then, when he reaches an interesting topic and you have a question, you'll be screwed - he doesn't know his ass from a C++ template.,1.0,3.0
One of the worst ever. Covers material at a snail's pace then leaves half of it for the students to cover on their own. Avoid at all costs. Sadly he taught both sections this term. :(,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Doesn't know his a$$ from c++. Answers all questions with "Try it and let me know".. or just doesn't understand the question at all. Easy exams and assignments though.,1.0,2.0
Positively horrid. Makes no attempt to understand the material or students' questions. Spends far too much time on the simplest of concepts, mangles them, then cannot complete the required material in the lecture time. If an alternative section is avai,1.0,2.0
When someone says Don't ask me hard questions. , and repeatedly asks If anyone knows the answer, please let me know. makes you wonder what you need to do to become a prof.,1.0,3.0
Today is the first class, 20 students went out of the room after his first sentence. EVERYBODY, run away if u can!!!,1.0,5.0
Avoid him as much as possible. Extremely lazy and not helpful. He doesn't post useful responses in the newsgroup and doesn't admit that he makes tons of mistakes on the assignment. Every single question on the final exam has problems. RUN AWAY!!!,1.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
mavaddat good prof.. yes.. hmm.. good , yes good prof... hmm.. good good. yes... nice. <br> .. hzp.,5.0,1.0
Unresourceful..clases are a complete waste of time. You are on your own if you have this guy.,1.0,3.0
The worst CS prof ever!! Doesn't prepare for lecture and newsgroup at all!!!,1.0,5.0
t a l k s _ l i k e _ a _ s n a i l, doesn't answer newsgroup questions well,1.5,3.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Make the hurting stop!,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Not helpful in learning the material (both soft. eng. and C/C++),1.5,3.0
Very irresponsible,1.0,4.0
tought us software engineering.. it was good to know,5.0,1.0
no marking scheme,1.0,4.0
Tough course. He had a couple temper tantrums, which were hilarious.,2.0,4.0
He's got a good sense of humor and charm. But doesn't show either too often.,3.0,3.0
The only thing gaing from this class is that my friends became couple! Not bad.,1.0,5.0
Monotonous voice, puts you to sleep.,1.0,5.0
Worst prof ever. crappy teaching, no help even if you go up to him.,1.0,5.0
Doesn't know how to teach, seems to hate students, generally unpleasant.,1.0,5.0
No teaching, no helping, no anything... what kind of prof is that???,1.0,5.0
Someone needs to work on speaking clearly and on his attitude,1.0,5.0
This class has the potential to be really useful since the content includes everyday conversation and topics, but this prof ruins it. She's out of date, condescending and just straight up rude. Hated every second of this class with her. Made students cry during their presentations and is way too harsh.,1.0,5.0
She is great. I know she's strict, but her directions are clear. The only way to mess up is to not listen to her, which I know a lot of people have a hard time doing. I noticed this in class with a lot of students taking her comments personally rather than improving their work. Love her! Strong woman and amazing teacher!,5.0,4.0
Whoever takes a course with Mme Sabaryn would get to know in the first class that she is a tough teacher. On the other hand, a few weeks into the term, it would be evident that she is super helpful instructor, and at the same time she is so fun to take a course with. In general, she's the best French prof I've ever had.,5.0,3.0
She is a hard marker, shows no mercy, does not speak in any English, which is great for some students but really does nit help others. For her office hours it is mandatory that you speak French, otherwise she cant help you. She likes participation and when you do homework. By far he worse prof I have ever had. Completely turned me off of French.,1.5,5.0
She made me cry every single day. I started seeing a counselor. Sure, I remember everything she taught me, but that is because I became afraid to speak a language I once loved. Will never take any courses with her again.,1.5,5.0
She's very tough but if you show an effort she is extremelyhelpful The course is very demanding but has taught me more than any of my other french courses combined. She corrects everything extremely attentively and for that I have a huge appreciation for her. Great course and the perfect professor to be teaching it!,5.0,4.0
Brutal. Openly makes students cry in class. I had a passing in the family towards the end of the term and she made no consideration to the situation. Expected me to be back in class, focused and write all my missed tests/assignments a week after the passing.,2.5,5.0
Okay look, she is a GREAT prof. She marks everything, that's how you LEARN. She is from France, so I think she is getting negative reviews because people with a lover level of French knowledge may have difficulties understanding her. Either A)wait until you are in second year or higher or B) speak french before you take her class. Very funny!,4.5,3.0
Easily the worst prof I've ever had. She treats her students horribly, and expects them to contribute 101%, without consider their other commitments. Anyone about to take the class, be ready to feel inferior and to dread every moment with her.,1.0,5.0
This teacher is extremely strict! Barely received any good criticism. She made me leave feeling horrible about myself and I've studied French since I was 5. I would not recommend taking a class with this teacher!,2.5,5.0
highly competent prof, patient, many students had no interest in the course and were only taking it due to a program requirement, despite dullness of content, she dragged the class though all material and did a solid job. Easy 90+ for those who actually do the work/readings/study, equivalent to gr9fr.,3.5,4.0
Easily my least favourite professor.,1.0,5.0
Therese is from France and speaks quickly. She might be a bit much if you aren't so good at French. If you are in 2nd year and want to improve your spoken French, I HIGHLY recommend her. She will correct you all the time, but it's worth it for what you learn. Attendance and homework are mandatory, but the course was really useful. Give her a chance,4.0,2.0
If you've only taken high school core french up to grade 12, this class might be a little traumatizing. The actual grammar exercises are easy, but her French is rapidfire, so make sure you're constantly paying attention!,3.0,5.0
-Has a knack for making you feel terrible and embarassed when you don't know something. -Definitely knows her stuff. -Pretty strict. -Test questions are pretty predictable, not a very difficult course.,3.0,3.0
Loved her class! I learned SO much for this class and I respect her immensely. VERY knowledgeable. Exceedingly fair in marking. Honest to the point of blunt with comments. Lots of homework. All those who posted mean comments clearly got the mark they deserved and are just bitter.,5.0,5.0
Very good professor...if you are willing to put in the effort. Some have pointed that she rates according to her French level. What do you expect? Writing bad French sentences and get good grades?,5.0,1.0
More like a high school teacher than an actual prof. Didn't appreciate being called out in class to answer questions. Isn't an awful prof, but not the greatest either.,3.0,4.0
omg just horrible. she may be a good french teacher for people who ARE french. she marks everything based on her french knowledge and level. DEMANDING, scary, and just cruel. Has favorites..seriously. I was a french major and now im a rec major. THATs HOW BAD SHE IS.,1.5,5.0
Good professor is you are at her level. She expects a lot, there is homework, no talking in class. She is very knowledgeable and is nice and supportive when you put in the effort. Can be unreasonable. tough marker.,3.0,4.0
Got a great mark in her class. as long as you keep up with the homework and pay attention in class you'll be fine. she expects you to stay on top of everything. great class. she's tough on those who don't keep up but it's because she wants you to learn.,4.5,3.0
Great ptrofessor, very strict, but makes 'u learn. She also keeps you updated about francophone fairs and activites in town. Highly recommended,5.0,4.0
EXIGEANTE, MAIS EXCLLENTE,5.0,2.0
Worst class ever. Made me drop French as a minor. Although she may be knowledgeable, her attitude, and approach is BRUTAL. Picks on students, and intimidates to the point where you just want to disappear. Once she doesn't like you, you're screwed. Too much work, too harsh. Didn't learn a thing in the class. Despise French now.,2.0,5.0
Highly recommended. She has high standards but is prepared to help you meet them if you are willing to make the effort.,5.0,2.0
In her class you get exactly what you deserve. If you do the work, participate and seek help, you'll do just fine. However if your lazy and never show up your mark will reflect that and you all will be writing bad comments here,5.0,3.0
Prior to attend her class, I was told that she was a tough professor. The truth: she is a very nice professor. I have asked tons of questions and got all of them answered.,5.0,2.0
She's a decent prof, really pushes her students to work hard and wants them to learn the language. She's strict in marking. She likes things done a certain way and if you want to get a good grade, stick to what she says in class.,3.5,4.0
She really knows her stuff and is really interested in helping [those who care] improve. She is strict, but if you care at all about learning and bettering your self, then she's amazing!,5.0,4.0
Not sure what all the fuss is about. Had Sabaryn this semester and thought she was pleasant as can be. Energetic, helpful, interesting as well as interested. Although I'm aware of her reputation, I'm under the impression most of us who took the class this term agree she was good. (Still a hard marker however),4.0,5.0
She needs to wake up to the fact that she is in CANADA and not France!!,3.0,4.0
Good teacher, she pushes her students and the class involves a lot of participation. If you actually want to learn french and can put time into the course, I highly recommend. Very patriotic and proud of France, you'll learn a lot about her country...,3.5,4.0
In first year, I was terrified because she was quite tough. She pushes you to do your best when she knows you can -- and I did by the end of that course. 250a REALLY enjoyed the class. Small, great class discussions and got to know her. She just wants you to do the best you can and acutally is a nice person. I actually learned and retained info,4.0,3.0
she hates quebecois people, favours those from france...i am proud of my heritage but she tends to look on it as a secound class french,1.0,5.0
Her teaching style is very direct, so if you don't do your homework she will say something about it. This is not an easy course, but Sabaryn really has the best intentions. She wants to push you to learn, so don't take criticism personally. I was scared of her at first year but now I look back and see how much I learned in the class.,4.0,5.0
this woman scares me! She makes me think I am stupid and know nothing! I think she needs to have some kind of personality change! AVOID if you can!!!!,1.0,5.0
I had her for the first time in my second year. I loved French and considered myself very good in it. One class with this horrible woman almost made me change my mind. She is very demeaning, condescending a very unhelpful when you don't understand. You do improve and learn in her class but it will cost you your self-respect and your sanity!,1.5,5.0
She is fairly strict and doesn't really sympathize with those who are having trouble but overall she is a very knowledgable professor. To succeed, you MUST be on top of every lessen(ahead) beforehand so that when she asks questions on the spot, you're prepared. That'll make her very happy.,4.0,2.0
horribly cruel..made me want to cry often in class...truly a terror and should not be allowed near other people...avoid this prof at all costs,1.0,5.0
Critical. There is a ton of homework, constant presentations and a huge participation mark in this class. It is very difficult to keep up with what is expected. It hardly feels like a second year course and, if there are more advanced students even though they're not who the course caters to, they'll be favoured and you'll be critiqued.,2.5,5.0
very mean, condesending, harsh, cruel, very demanding. even if you try your hardest and do all of your work, she'll still give you a low mark. Even if you ask for help and different areas to improve, and you work on those things, you'll receice a low mark in the class!,1.0,5.0
harsh, does not speak english well (literally)...she's right from France. very demanding, very tough, very hard and mean professor. not recommended!!,1.0,5.0
Mean, harsh, direct, condesending, arrogant. very tough professor. not recommended.,1.0,5.0
I wouldn't recommend taking a course with her.She is quite condescending and will yell at you if you do not understand. She says things once and if you don't understand then it's too bad for you. She hates english people and favours people who take the course and are actually french.,1.0,5.0
I entered my first year of university with the intention of studying French. One course with Sabaryn sent me running in the other direction. Responds with a disproportionate amount of ire to simple mistakes, especially. Utterly unprofessional. NOT recommended under ANY circumstances.,1.0,5.0
She makes VERY offending political statements in class discussion, leaving no room for discussion which would be ackward at best since she's the prof and this is a language class. Other than that, a very good prof. Very blunt and sometimes exceedingly condecending though.,5.0,3.0
Very demanding, so prepare for regular work. Can be blunt and abrasive, but at least you'll know where she stands. Most importantly though, she's an excellent and very knowledgeable prof. Recommended.,4.5,4.0
She's my prof for my DE course, and I have never been so unhappy with a course where I actually wanted to drop it. The remarks she leaves on my assignments are condescending - last time I checked, it was her job to mark my assignments, not tear into my character traits.,1.5,3.0
Actually she is one of the best teachers i've ever had. She is very helpful if you just ask for it. Yes her classes are hard with soooo much work, however, if you just do it you'll do so well in her class.,4.0,5.0
She's got a hard edge, but will do her best to help, if you show that you're dedicated. And, her main goal is to improve your French. It's not an easy ride though, don't expect any spoon feeding; she may seem abrasive, but that's just European I guess...I liked her at the end!,4.5,4.0
Be forewarned: This prof is by far the most unprofessional, most arrogant, most conceited person I have ever met.Her approach to teaching is dispicable and illfounded.Discriminates against French Canadians: you will not succeed in her class.,1.0,5.0
terrible terrible teacher.don't bother taking any of her classes. incredible unapproachable. she does not care about her students and makes that clear.it makes you wonder why people like her got into teaching...,1.0,5.0
DO NOT TAKE A CLASS WITH HER EVER!I WARNED YOU,1.0,5.0
never take a course with her. she is the worst french prof ever. she acts like hitler.,1.0,5.0
Therese is simply fantastique. She made the course challenging and demanding, and yet most rewarding. That's what university teaching is all about, not the spoon feeding so rampant at this university. She's worthy of the highest praise; a super prof.,5.0,3.0
She has a hard edge, and she will absolutely be condescending, but, she is very happy to help you. If you show her that you are dedicated to the course she will respect you in her own french way!,4.0,3.0
She can be summed up in 2 words: arrogant and condescending,1.5,2.0
horrible, save your time, money and energy. plays favorites, jumps to conclusions. this woman is trouble,1.0,5.0
LOTS OF WORK--NEVER EASES UP--HAD A MIDTERM ON THE LAST DAY OF CLASSES!!!,3.0,4.0
Great teacher. Although she is very tough, her goal is to help students improve their French skills as much as possible. She takes great pride in seeing her students succeed and I am happy to know that my hard work has paid off. Merci bien!,5.0,4.0
rude, impatient, condescending. grades dont reflect your work. she plays favourites with people in the class who speak french as a first language.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
whole mark is subjective. class takes up way too much time with homework. she's also thinks those from France are the best in the world (fogets she's in canada),2.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Great prof...really focuses on improving students' abilities in French. It's nice to have a teacher who is fair in her marking and does not play favorites! Thanks :),4.5,4.0
Tough but great. Really wants students improve their French. Has high standards and doesn't give out marks for nothing - this was a hard but really rewarding course.,5.0,5.0
She is a good prof... gets a little too excited over Corsica, but otherwise she's good. um... well let's just say she's fair.,5.0,4.0
She assigns a fair amount of work but likes to belittle students. Not a very good prof.,3.0,3.0
Horrible prof, thinks to highly of herself, should not be teaching!,1.0,5.0
with all test scores over 70, she invented a low part. score to drop my mark,2.0,3.0
Clear and energetic. Sense of humour livens up dull material.,4.5,2.0
The worst teacher ever.,1.0,5.0
shes okay... if you can stand her she's an alright prof.. not too helpful,3.0,3.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
she is an insult to the department and the university. Horrible prof.,2.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
Going to class made me nauteous. I won't take classes she teaches.,1.0,5.0
A brutal she-thing.,2.0,5.0
I agree with everyone else. she is a complete ****.,1.0,5.0
If you value your self-esteem, she's not for you.,1.0,5.0
cant stand the r****,1.0,5.0
She's rude, inflexible, and inconsiderate, atleast she saved me a trip to Franc,2.5,5.0
Ruined French for me,1.0,5.0
Sadistic but effective. She whips you into learning and shows no mercy.,4.5,5.0
Heartless.It's a mystery why she even teaches, she enjoys failing her students.,1.0,4.0
Bev is a wonderful professor who is extremely talented in visual aid during lectures. She can go a bit slow or fast sometimes depending on the topic but is always willing to clarify if you ask her. Her exams and evaluations are fairly difficult so prepare hard for them and try not to fall behind! Especially for vector calculus near the end.,4.5,3.0
Fantastic prof, made me love multivariable calculus. Very good at drawing pictures for visualization. Made advanced concepts very simple.,4.5,3.0
Essentially, if you fall behind on the material the chances of you doing poorly is very likely.,4.0,4.0
Great teacher. She conveys information clearly and seems to really want people to understand the material. She is obviously excited about math. She is available after class and during tutorials for questions. It is a hard class, but it is fair. If you work hard (ie. do the practice questions) and go to class, you will do decently.,4.5,4.0
Assignments were incredibly long and moderately difficult. Midterm was long but somewhat fair. Final was really long and pretty difficult. Her proofs are hand-wavy but her explanations are pretty clear. Also, her drawings are incredible.,4.5,4.0
The worst, she posts assignments on tuesday and they are due on thursday!!!,3.5,5.0
She's a good prof but expects a LOT out of her students. If you like the subject she's teaching then rush to the class but if you don't then avoid her like the devil.,5.0,5.0
She is such an awesome granny prof! Super nice and funny!Too bad she's retiring =[,5.0,3.0
She is difficult.,4.5,5.0
she's the best!!!!,5.0,3.0
Overall, she is a great professor. Her lectures are extremely clearly and helpiful. Her voice makes people feel very comfortable. However, there are certain points that I don't like. First, she is completely unavailable outside the lectures, i.e. she has no office hours. Also, if you sit in her classes as a visitor, she does not like you.,5.0,3.0
She is not a very nice professor when it comes to people asking questions - doesn't like when people have laptops in tutorials, and goes slowly at times. Always makes tutorials stay late, but she's good at what she does.,4.0,4.0
She explains extremely clear...u never feel bored in her class....get good mark even didn't do much self-study as long as u go to her class,5.0,2.0
Great prof, one of the best,4.0,2.0
"let me write down the list of integrals again : ) " YOU WROTE THAT ON THE BOARD 10^100000 frickin' times!!,3.0,3.0
Bev Marshman will tear you a new **** if you are an idiot in class.,4.0,5.0
Poor professor for tutorials--would often come in late and keep people late and snap (or speak condescendingly) to students who asked questions. Catered mostly to students in her section of the course. Others said she was a good prof.. I never saw it. Didn't even show up for the pre-exam review she scheduled.,1.5,4.0
I did pretty well on 2 midterms. And also well on the assignments. Before the final my mark was 75% around. I felt that the final was not so hard. But the final mark of mine was 65%. I thought is because I missed 2 assignments. But I personally think you should follow the course outline to give student their marks. Unfair prof!,1.5,5.0
great prof, teaches really well, i understood her perfectly. sometimes expected us to know a little too much but her teaching makes up for it.,4.5,3.0
Took 136 and 138 with her, and got A+ for both. However, I see that she is not as good as she look or people says. Definitely she is better than average, but I would not take her if there was a real good professor on the term I took these courses,3.5,3.0
She is very kind and helpful. But her classes are always slow in progress. Sometimes, she can explain one question for 20 minutes...,4.0,2.0
Excellent prof- takes some getting used to, but she is very clear & easy to understand. Sometimes takes things a little slowly, but that is probably part of the reasons her classes do so well. Gives very helpful hints in exam review sessions! GO TO THEM!,5.0,1.0
She is a very organized and knowledgeable prof. She likes to put in some extra material throughout the course. There was a newly added Maple component to assignments, which was quitely fun to experiment with. I can't say I did very well in this course, but I definitely learned lots and it was worthwhile.,5.0,4.0
Good prof. ,but lots of homework. If U hate graph, do not take her class,3.5,3.0
A superb teacher with an excellent ability to convey her knowledge to us. Her examples, lectures, notes, and midterms were all fair, clear, consice, and structured perfectly for the course. She's very smart, and can be very nice (very much like a wise grandmother). However, if you don't attend her lectures, you won't pass the course.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
She is a great prof as in teaching. Students from other sections tend to come to her class. Very CROWDED! She is very picky on steps, especially in Math 138. So if you don't want to attend any classes, don't choose her as your prof.,4.0,3.0
One of the smartest prof in math faculty!,5.0,2.0
Boring, seems to hate everyone. She even opend a door smashing it into me almost knocking me over and didn't even apologize. Though I only had her for tutorials not my actual prof.,3.0,3.0
i waited for sooo long to register in her section oficially cause i think she is one of the best profs ever! Very smart and very nice as a person. She enjoys teaching and people enjoy coming to her class from all sections! I strongly recommend her!,5.0,3.0
She's very nice and will try to help you out as much as she can. Her lectures just delve right into examples and she doesn't really do too good of a job explaining what's going on. Course notes are great; make sure you read them before going to class. She'll help you as much as she can if you show the interest. Crazy hard final.,3.5,4.0
She's definately one of the nicest/kindest prof's I've had. But I couldn't stand how her assignments were not posted online, and neither were the solutions. It's very frustrating since I don't go to many classes. She's a very nice person, but the course just sucked.,4.0,4.0
Lectures are always clear, concise and well planned.,4.5,4.0
Hard class, do all the assignment YOUR SELF. Bev is very helpful and has good lecture notes.,4.0,4.0
very easyiest proff......aslo very helpfullll:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D,5.0,1.0
Awesome prof.,5.0,3.0
Awesome prof! Gives plenty of examples, clear and neat notes, gives lots of extra help at tutorials and pre-midterm sessions. I think she's the best math prof!,5.0,2.0
Wow bev marshman is the best prof ever, and what a great sight to see to end the day :),5.0,1.0
enthusiastic teacher, but thinks that everything she does is intuitive so it's somtimes is confusing. Plus she's always run out of time teaching the lecture. She makes it harder than it should be!!,2.0,4.0
She one the best prof at UW. I didn't understand the concepts and she took her time to explain everything to me. She was extremely helpful and considerate.,5.0,3.0
Way to go, Dr. Marshman: you are an example of the perfect professor. You made a difficult course enjoyable. Thank you so much, you are a fine teacher and a nice lady.,5.0,3.0
I miss Miss Marshman! I had her last year, and let's just say I was lost in 128 without her.,5.0,3.0
I hate calculus but atleast she haelped me understand how much I hate it.,5.0,5.0
Very good prof. Clear explanations, pleasant. Gives good advice about studying and learning. You'll do well on tests if you do the assignments and make sure you understand how to do all the problems.,4.5,3.0
good prof, clear explanation in lecture,5.0,2.0
she is just amazing,5.0,4.0
This course is like being back in highschool, she cares about the students, but will yell at you if you get up to leave her class, even if she has gone over by 5 or more minutes (which happened every class). Couldn't read writing, thought name was Manstro,3.0,2.0
Great prof. Very knowledgeable. Very helpful. Tends to go a bit fast at times though, but has no problem with explaining stuff repeatedly. She actually takes the trouble to find out your name, which I think is really nice. and, she e-nun-ci-ates ver-y cle,5.0,3.0
Very nice prof that knows what she is doing. She is also very helpful. view when i'm coping down notes. Overall very helpful and great prof.,5.0,2.0
Don't be suprised when you ask a question and she knows your name. She made the class like a highschool one. She makes the course notes, and knows her stuff for sure. Definitely willing to help you out. It made 128 easier than 127.,5.0,2.0
Great teacher. Knows everyone by name. Very articulate. Hard but Fair tests. Understanding if you have a problem. Always involved with tutorials, etc. Best calc 1 teacher. Humourous as well.,4.5,3.0
Great teacher. She really cared about the students and helped us understand the material. She is one of the best profs ever.,5.0,4.0
Fantastic professor, kept the whole class motivated and really gave the lecture material life. I just wish that she was doing 138 next term.,5.0,2.0
Bev is awesome. She is course co-ordinator for all of the science geeks calculus classes, and still teaches a Mathie section of 137. She even learns everyone's name! Makes me remeber why I love calculus.,5.0,3.0
Bev is a great teacher, she has very good notes and explains everything in detail.,5.0,1.0
nice teacher, more clear than almost all the other math profs.,4.0,4.0
Very friendly and accomodating prof, one of the best I've had so far. I don't know where the hate is coming from?,5.0,4.0
Very good Prof, but does like to single people out. One of the best for Math 127/128 (at least she speaks english) :),4.5,4.0
She is a really great math professor for 127. the fact that she's the course coordinator really helps... but beware, if she knows ur name she'll embarass u and make u feel like an idiot. but she's the only prof who knows what she's doing.DONT TAKE MATH128,4.5,3.0
She is amasing, knowing everyones name is great, I have been called apon meany times in class.. it can be imbarising,5.0,3.0
Go back to home ed.,1.0,4.0
Nice, an effective prof, a good teacher, incredibly helpful,5.0,3.0
no question is a dumb question? not with her, be prepared to feel like an id,2.0,5.0
condecending mofo,2.0,4.0
Ahh!! The Green Monster!,2.0,5.0
Should be retired.,1.0,5.0
The best calc prof in terms of teaching (not personality),4.5,2.0
tries to make you feel like a moron when you ask a question. an okay teacher.,3.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
I look to her for clothing and hair advice...a fashion goddess,3.0,4.0
She knows everybody's name!!! Wait a minute (that,3.5,3.0
one of the few profs who knows everyone's name... so expect to be embarrassed,5.0,2.0
I have never felt so stupid in all my life in her class!,1.5,5.0
She was very clear and helpful - just don't ask dumb questions:),4.5,3.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
She explains things VERY well, is well organized, but treats you like a child.,5.0,3.0
Her jokes are like thorns on my head,2.0,3.0
Very great professor ! Make you enjoy calculus.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.5,1.0
Excellent instructor, very clear and organized...made us want to do work!,4.0,3.0
She's wonderful. Inspired me to do well. Clear and capable.,5.0,3.0
A little intimidating, but a good prof,3.5,4.0
Didn't like her at first, but she really is nice and an excellent prof,3.5,4.0
Excellent math teacher. Down to earth and to the point. Very willing to help.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
DON'T ASK STUPID QUESTIONS,2.5,4.0
Good teacher, though seems very controlling .,4.0,2.0
Great Teacher... Explains everything very well.,5.0,3.0
Talks to you like you're 4 but explains as if you're a 50 year old genius,2.0,5.0
Best professor I ever met. lso helped me with some personal problems. Truly cares about his students.,5.0,1.0
I studied the whole weekend for my 1st quiz which I was going to LaCroix?s class and I only get C. After I attended Springer?s class I studied about 10min for 2nd quiz and I got A.,5.0,2.0
I was enrolled in LaCroix?s class but I attended his class which is so much better. He makes Prob so easy. Explain everything so clearly and uses great examples that you can understand the concept right-the-way. After his lectures, it?s so much easier and faster to read through the course notes.,5.0,2.0
the prof smiles when he explains math concepts.....,4.5,1.0
best prof ever,5.0,3.0
I asked him a question once and he said, "read the text, it should be in there",1.0,4.0
I'm pretty slow. I have never attended a math class since 10th grade, 'cause I tend to not understand anything the prof says. This is the first math prof i can understand. He's amazing. He Explains the concept, makes sure everyone understands, then does AT LEAST 2 examples. Sometimes he spends a whole class just doing examples.,5.0,3.0
A good prof. His lectures are not hard to understand. Quizzes are easy, basically chapter problems in the course notes. However, exam is super hard. DOn't even know what's going on. Drop by 16% after the exam.,4.0,3.0
I think rate my professor sucked me into taking his class. He is highly overrated and at times is not even aware of the course content for the midterms. Overall Dissappointing and also the fact the rating on RMP was off by so much.,2.0,4.0
awesome prof,5.0,1.0
many fail his quizzes. in class material isn't representive of tests. not enuf practice problems assigned. text is useless, useless..dont buy it. you may think you're gonna fail course but he makes final so much easier without tricks. just hang in ther.,3.0,5.0
awww my god...This professor is one of the best out there in waterloo..dont bother reading his notes...just sit in the class n listen..u'll do good...don't even bother to read the courtse notes..after chapter 3...it becomes garbage what i mean is it doesnt tell you the practical stuff..so think abt it..lol,5.0,1.0
His course material is totally misrepresentative of what he tests you on the quizzes. He also does not assign any practise questions for you, so you are forced to figure things out on your own. Office hours were unreasonable and his explanations always referred to his own points outside of the 211 course. Don't buy the textbook, useless.,1.5,4.0
He is good at explaining the material but his in lectures examples are always easier than the quizzes which are strangely worded. Sometimes I couldn't figure out what the question was asking. But when it came to the final there were no tricks and everything we had gone over before. Hang in there and keep at it. Useless textbook, use his notes.,4.0,3.0
good prof!,5.0,2.0
He's a really nice prof. He will give you time in class to do examples and ask questions if you don't understand. He's very helpful and a very nice guy. Constantly smiling and tries to be funny and entertaining. As for the course, that's another story...,5.0,3.0
Nice guy, great personality and what a dashing smile... also he teaches stats very well. He was probably the best prof we had this term.,5.0,1.0
Excellent lecturer. Clear, concise, thorough, and friendly. Make sure to get an early seat; students from the other sections fill up the room.,5.0,3.0
What an evil man. He seems all nice on the surface, smiling, etc, But doesn't actually teach stats in a way that is practical. Bad tests. No one can apply the material without hours of extra study (aka self teaching),1.5,4.0
We'll have Springer days this Summer and Summer days this Spring.,5.0,1.0
this guy is great. He's so passionate about stats, it's funny. But he's really helpful and always smiling :),4.5,3.0
Grandfather Springer is an both an excellent prof and an all-round good guy. If anyone can make statistics and probability simple and interesting, it's him.,5.0,3.0
Clear notes, helpful, attends to student needs. Very nice guy!,5.0,2.0
his course is organized, but if you don't keep up, you are going to screw yourself over. When finals come, remember to review your midterms, questions with same background might pop up on you!,2.5,3.0
Great prof.. made this course really easy. Good notes and one of the best math profs,5.0,2.0
Tries hard, but his way of conveying the idea is probably not the best. Seemed to not care that the midterm average was really low but tests are fairly predictable and similar.,3.5,2.0
Good prof, helpful. Bad course.,5.0,2.0
Excellent prof. He has understandable, clear lectures and tests are easy as long as you keep up with the work. Great guy !,5.0,2.0
Easy course. You'll hate yourself if you fall behind. Teaching pretty clear, with examples. Springer's a bit wordy in lectures though. Plus he sounds a bit like Kermit or Ernie.,3.0,2.0
Does a decent job teaching the course, tries to go through things throughly. Course notes are not that great and a text book might have been helpful. Not available for extra help and he seems to take pleasure in students doing poorly.,2.0,2.0
This man is an absolute SAINT.,5.0,3.0
Great prof. Made stats easy. Lots of examples in class.,4.0,2.0
it's worth not falling behind because it is an easy course,3.5,2.0
best prof,5.0,3.0
Made Stats easy... This course was on the list of hardest courses to take but after having him as a prof things weren't that bad... I'm starting to think that maybe the course wasn't so bad afterall.... NAH!!! It's definitely because he is that good!!,5.0,3.0
Great lecturer! his notes and examples are systematic and very easy to understand! I hate stat but stat didn't seem so boring and confusing when he teaches it! ^^,5.0,2.0
Great prof, talented as well!,4.0,2.0
Great prof. Made stats interesting and kept concepts clear and concise. If you have a choice of profs for stat 231 there should be no doubt to take his class. Amazing!!,5.0,3.0
Nice guy, amazing lecturer.,5.0,3.0
Boring lectures but thats cuz its stats.,3.5,3.0
Very clear on contents and helpful on unclear topics. Actually tried to make STAT realistic and fun even though I'm not a big fan of STAT. But he seems to love it and teach it well! good to have him for STAT 231,5.0,2.0
Clear, insightful lectures, helpful, cares about whether the class understands,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Talented teacher. Very friendly and personable. Take his classes !!,5.0,3.0
great prof, trys to makes sure the class knows whats going on. hard exams,5.0,4.0
Best prof ever! I loved going to class, even tho I hate stats.,5.0,3.0
Very good prof. who REALLY love stat,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
He is a nice prof, very helpful. But more expamles are recommended.,5.0,4.0
Good ability to make students understand, I was never confused in his lectures.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
the best smile, the best big writing, and not geeky...sexy,5.0,2.0
Best for Stat 231, nice big writing:) He's a geek, but not as geekie as Cherry!,5.0,3.0
A little too much writing but the lecturers are very complete and well-organized,5.0,2.0
Exams are tough, but fair. Tries to make sure class understands what's going on,4.0,3.0
Great... the best prof you could ever have for this class..,5.0,2.0
This is just a difficult course. Attend class, or he'll screw you on the finals,4.5,3.0
Very good prof. Very hard course.,5.0,5.0
A very nice teacher for Stat230, but the course is boring,4.5,3.0
Excellent notes and lectures.,5.0,3.0
Extremely prepared for his lecture, best prof you can get for stat 231,5.0,3.0
Just read his class notes and you don't need to buy the course notes!,5.0,3.0
When I wasn't asleep, I was on my way out,3.0,4.0
A knowlegeable person who is highly enthuastic.,5.0,2.0
His course is quite difficult,4.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Very friendly, won't give up on you until you understand, but very boring,2.0,4.0
Professor Niccoli is an exceptional literature expert . Finally got a firm grasp of Medieval literature thanks to his 360 class..,5.0,4.0
Professor Niccoli is so great! His lectures are engaging and funny, and he makes sure you really understand everything before moving on. He is so passionate about Italian and loves Italy so much, it's nice to learn this beautiful language from him!,5.0,3.0
Professor Niccoli was amazing! He taught me more Italian in one term than all the collective french i'd learned over 5 years (with terrible teachers). Really sets you up for Ital 102, and at the least, leaves you able to survive in Italy - because his lectures are amazingly taught and I don't know how else to express that he's the best prof around!,5.0,1.0
Finally understood the beauty and importance of great literature on life, thanks to this super prof.,4.5,3.0
Professor Niccoli is one of the sweetest, funniest and most engaging professors that I've ever had. He's such a great embodiment of Italian history and culture, and he really makes you share his love for the country. As for coursework, there are only four T/F and multiple choice tests, and they're all fairly easy if you attend class.,5.0,1.0
This professor takes you with him on a journey through italian culture and history. He is intelligent, creative, and challenges you to think in ways you may never have prior to taking a course with him. He has an old soul and is very wise. I highly recommend taking a course with him.,5.0,3.0
Awesome prof with incredible knowledge of culture, and not only Italian. Really impressed.Take this course, you'll come out a better person.,5.0,4.0
If you know anything about Italy in any way do not take a class with this prof. He is fun and happy but he makes horrible mistakes over and over. As a second year student I should not be able to correct him. There has not been one class all year where he didn't make a historical error. I am getting a great grade but have done 0 learning.,2.0,1.0
UNREAL PROF. Sometimes his lectures go a little off track, but he really knows his stuff. He's so passionate and really cares about his students doing well. GO TO EVERY CLASS. He doesn't use Ace, and his handouts are no substitute for lecture material. Plus I found every lecture extremely interesting.,4.0,4.0
just awesome, best prof ever,5.0,2.0
Awesome. after this learning experience I'm going to Italy to breathe the art there.,4.5,3.0
super prof. culture and literature come alive with him. must take.,4.5,3.0
Loves interaction with students. Peresonable prof and understands the difficulties of being a student. Go in and see him on office hours previous to taking exams and ask questions. He'll go out of his way to help you.,3.5,3.0
Is the most caring prof that Ive had. He wants everyone to get a good mark. His lectures are very boring and he sometimes jumps around from topic to topic so he is hard to follow. Make sure you read the assigned readings because on the midterms he often asks questions about the small details. Overall.. not bad,3.0,3.0
super prof. learned great deal on how to read and interpret literature. Marvellous,4.5,4.0
great great prof. prof Nicolli has terrific knowledge of medival culture and i learned a lot. very helpful and understanding. a must take course,4.0,3.0
Gabe is a terrific guy, he wants everyone to do well. The only thing wrong with him is that his lectures are dull. He has a great knowledge about Italy, and provides numerous examples. He is one of the most personable profs at UW. He treats students with respect, and he receives respect back.,4.5,2.0
FANTASTIC PROF! - the lectures are a little free form, but still interesting, but what makes this class is that the prof cares so much about having every single student do really well. Very understanding and will go above and beyond to see you succeed.,5.0,2.0
Niccoli is a great racconteur and makes learning fun. In his language courses, he lapses into english too readily -- it would be better if more was raccounted in italian. The Dante course (in english) is an excellent exploration of literature that has shaped modern views. He comunicates his awsome knowledge of literature and culture well.,4.5,3.0
I never thought a better class could be possible. Dante's Inferno with Niccoli drags you through Heaven and Hell, Literally. With Nicolli teaching, everything is right as long as it is justified. Your views are as important to him and the class as his are. A MUST TAKE!,4.5,2.0
Good prof.! He can understand the difficulty you have and helps a lot. His classes are worth to take, trust me!,5.0,2.0
Soo good-looking for his age, kind of makes me want to travel to Italy to meet more older hotter men like him!!! Ha ha.... joking aside, he is a really genuine prof and takes his time to get things right. Great prof! CIAO!,5.0,2.0
prof has a love for italy, but tends to ramble too much instead of teaching the grammer for us to understand,3.5,3.0
Excellent prof! Very caring, wants all his students to do very well. Makes learning about ancient literature interesting although he does tend to ramble a bit.,5.0,2.0
Professor G-unit is the Italian suave king. He knows how to give all his students the respect they deserve, and would go the distance to make sure they are understanding the course, and life. Hats off to this man...,5.0,1.0
I was in the 311 class for me it was an elective which I enjoyed a great deal, a bit of spice to my boring engineering courses. The professor was very clear and tought the course in a way which was appreciated by everyone, in other words, it was interest,5.0,3.0
He is the greatest teacher I ever had. I finally understood what literature is all about. He is very kind and welcoming even when he is very busy. If you'll ever have him as a teacher you'll see what I mean.,5.0,3.0
Professor Niccoli (or "Papa Gabriele") is the coolest teacher ever. I'm just sorry there isn't an ITAL 301 so that I can continue to enjoy his teaching!,5.0,2.0
teaches about the history of italian literature, and how to appreciate and apply it to modern studies. flexible with regards to students speaking italian or english in class. great sense of humour and passion for his work. highly reccomended!!,5.0,2.0
Great Prof - genuinely cares about you :) The readings selected for this class are fabulous - you'll actually use them long after the class is done!,5.0,2.0
CIAO RAGAZZI! this prof is amazing and should be given an award. Never have i had a prof who cares so much. It was an honnour to take his class,5.0,2.0
Love this prof, very informative and cares about his students, not to mention his love of languages,5.0,1.0
Great prof, great class and great course!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
He's a real nice guy, and knows his stuff....bonus: he's passionate about it!,5.0,3.0
Real Italian at work! Very interesting and friendly professor...,5.0,3.0
Very easy....rambles along while lecturing, but is very good speaker!,4.0,1.0
Such a funny guy and easy on the tests,4.0,2.0
Probably the best teacher at UW - he's amazing!! He actually cares!!,4.5,3.0
Super prof. One of the best profs I've had at UW!!!!! Definetely take his course,5.0,2.0
very boring, but good prof though, open minded,4.0,2.0
Delightful, charming. Wonderful instructor.,5.0,1.0
Absolutel Amazing! Best first year course of my life!,5.0,3.0
funny, smart and an excellent speaker,5.0,3.0
Absolutely amazing prof. Speaks so elegantly.,5.0,2.0
he's the best you'll find---sign up now,5.0,1.0
Hilarious, awesome!!,5.0,1.0
I'm an A+ student and barely passed this class. He changed the weighting of our midterm to be worth more after the class average was 51%. Marking was 50M/50F. His slides focus on content that isn't tested and convolute the content you need to know. The only reason I passed is because he posted previous exams. He is unsympathetic and a harsh marker.,1.0,5.0
A good teacher. Is good at explaining concepts, and is very knowledgeable. Good at answering questions, too (knows what the student is asking). His slides are pretty bad, though. Full of equations and derivations, making it hard to know what's important. He does too many derivations in general.,4.0,3.0
One of the greatest profs, very friendly. His slides are easy very helpful and easy to study from. I really enjoyed taking the class,5.0,3.0
He doesn't have respect for the students. He is a selfish human being.,1.0,3.0
He makes polymers so interesting, I didn't do well in organic chemistry before and I wasn't too keen on polymers before taking his class. He keeps every lecture interesting by starting off with some interesting news or application question. I've developed a much better intuition of chemistry in this course than I have in all 3 years of undergrad.,5.0,2.0
He's a quirky prof. He goes over the material too quickly and sometimes his powerpoint slides don't have the answers for the examples (usually the concept questions) in the notes so be careful of that. You get used to the accent. He uses onomatopoeia a lot when he lectures, especially when he's trying to tell a joke/be funny.,3.5,3.0
His slides suck! literally, its so bad its impossible to study from them!,1.0,5.0
Best Prof ever ...:),5.0,4.0
great Prof :),5.0,4.0
Extremely disorganized which makes learning this course a pain. That's not to say its difficult to get a decent mark as his tests are reasonable. He lays out material so poorly in his slidesets that learning it is timeconsuming. If he were more concise and ditched his crappy slide shows he would be much better.,2.5,3.0
not bad,3.5,3.0
Pretty entertaining, gave the class the finger once by accident while trying to explain something. Tests were fair as long as you put in the effort to learn the equations and how to use them. Tutorials were basically a road map for the assignments. And he's a nice guy.,3.5,3.0
course was kinda hard..he's an okay prof..midterm and exam were pretty fair,3.0,2.0
bad,1.5,4.0
Great prof, very helpful,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Great teacher, great guy! Willing to go the extra mile to help the student, I would take any of his classes!,5.0,2.0
He is a really good teacher that cares if you put in effort. The course isn't the most interesting buy he's a good guy,4.0,4.0
Si il a parle l'anglais... I couldn't understand him, nor read his writing.,1.0,5.0
Great guy, good teacher (if you put in the effort!) Would take his class again.,5.0,4.0
REALLY thick accent, but when you get past it, he's good. Strange, but good.,3.5,3.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
should stay away from the classroom for the sake of humanity,1.5,2.0
tries very hard to make an easy course difficult,1.5,2.0
He is the best prof I've ever had. He is very approachable. He is soooo sexy!!,5.0,2.0
So bad that I switched classes - not clear at all and unwilling to help,1.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,1.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
This man his so cute...get over the accent and realize he's great!,3.5,3.0
I'm sure this course wouldn't have been so hard if he were understandable.,2.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
major emotional issues and hard to understand, but much better outside class,2.5,2.0
Yes, a BIG attitude problem. Should quit for the good of others.,1.0,3.0
he's got a big attitude problem,1.0,2.0
He's an awesome prof and a kind man...,4.0,3.0
The most difficult course I never had before. His 351 was much harder than other instructors' 351, I think the workload was the same or more than two same level pmath courses. He is very generous, there are a lots of bonus marks in the assignment and quizzes. The final is a timed exam, it's really hard.,5.0,5.0
As noted below, PMATH 351 with prof Davidson was one of the hardest classes I've done so far, however, also the class that I've done the best in. Quizzes and assignments were very heavy and difficult, but were curved pretty generously with bonuses. I have learned so much from this course overall. So sad that he's not teaching anymore :(.,5.0,5.0
PMATH 351 is tough and his version is harder than the others', and the workload is very high now that things are online. However, other than workload and difficulty, there should be no complaints at all. Generous bonuses, comprehensive lecture notes, videos, and solutions, helpful Piazza hints. Learned so much from this course.,5.0,5.0
Prof. Davidson is great! Very knowledgeable and hilarious at times in lectures. Can get a bit monotone, but tries to keep us engaged. The homework questions can take a good deal of time to complete, but well worth it and teaches you so much.,4.0,4.0
His raw intellectual ability is the sharpest among analysts at UW and he has a professional understanding of how to run a good colloquium or how to organize lectures. If you want to learn analysis, he is the best prof, and he is a very pleasant person. One can go hard at parties or in experimenting with chemicals; Kenny D goes hard on analysis.,5.0,4.0
Analysis felt like a chore about midway through the semester. Yes, we did mathematics but is was proofs that we would be able to do anytime ourselves by 145 standards. My complaint is that the advanced classes are so unbalanced and we do few massively cool things in this class.,4.5,2.0
The assignments were interesting and challenging. The lectures were enjoyable, but (be warned) very fast paced. Every concept is explained clearly and his exams are (comparatively) easy. Lectures were enjoyable. Simply the best.,5.0,3.0
He went through the material at a very fast pace. Everyone wrote non-stop throughout the class. You will need to review notes after class. He covers material thoroughly though, and lots of it, and really made me like linear algebra. Tests are quite easy.,4.0,4.0
really nice prof...highly recommend....really enjoy copying his lecture notes.,5.0,1.0
Best prof I have ever seen! I learned a lot in his class. Never bored in his class.,4.5,1.0
Yeah.,5.0,3.0
he's always organized, and he really cares about teaching. It would have been nice if his exams were more challenging, though..,5.0,2.0
he knows what he's doing, but follows his notes too closely. The assignments have a degree of difficulty in them, but the tests are a joke.,3.0,2.0
Finest professor I've ever had. Really cares about teaching.,4.5,4.0
Awesome Dad! Best dad I've ever had!,5.0,1.0
Really tough teacher. But he made me understand like never before. Great prof!,5.0,5.0
Davidson's the man!!! The best of UW.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
Good Prof . Gives very challenging Exams and Assignments with few survivors.,4.0,1.0
eek - Really hard, can teach though,5.0,5.0
A good prof to start Waterloo advanced math with!!,5.0,4.0
He is the best... Simple as that... He was tough, but that makes him so good,5.0,5.0
Incredible teacher, who challenges his students thoroughly. Survivors love it.,4.5,5.0
No Comments,3.0,5.0
awesome teacher. Totally interested in his field- may spit out a few extra facts. If you read the book you are all set to get an A!! takes attendance tho...he has a lot to offer students!,5.0,2.0
Read the material as there are regular quizzes. No papers but three essay exams. The man knows his stuff, without a doubt. His lectures are full of interesting information. Hands out study guides.,4.5,4.0
Dr. Petersen drives a Dodge Stratus that he purchased during a cross country skiing expedition across the French Alps while studying the post Cold War relationship and David Hasslehoff's impact to the demise of East Germany. Dr. Petersen said: "tear down that wall." With Hasslehoff at his side, they accomplished true harmony. Take this class,5.0,1.0
Great Professor!! and very approachable,5.0,3.0
He is extremely hard! You need to be sure that you go to class, take good notes (he talks really fast and you have to scribble down the notes really fast), you have to do the reading because the pop quiz answers come directly from the reading and they are hard to remember even if you read. Difficult but a BRILLIANT teacher and very insiteful.,4.0,5.0
Good professor, lectures alot. Take good notes. Gives only quizzes, no tests. Two essay questions throughout the entire class. Write one paper. Study guides are easy and the quizzes are right from the study guide. Easy overall class, but lectures are lengthy.,3.5,2.0
He is very smart and knows a lot about what he is teaching. His "quizzes" (actually tests) are very very hard. Unless you know a lot about history or love to study during all of your free time I would highly recommend not taking this class.,3.0,4.0
Very good professor.. The class is hard but he offers himself alot for any questions you may have.. Extremely knowlegdeable of history and loves it!! It makes it easier to pay attention when you know he enjoys what hes doing! Boring class though just pay attention..,4.5,4.0
CI- Spent entire time on 4 modern history topics in prep to write 10 pg paper. Very knowledgeable, great analysis-quizzes are hard, STUDY THE BOOKS! Excessively helpful with 10 pg'er Outlined topic in class sat with groups for 3wks of class so we could discuss then looked over papers and told you exactly what you needed! INTERESTING class!,5.0,2.0
Good teacher - boring class :],4.0,4.0
Dr. Petersen is the toughest man in the world. In his senior seminar class he once cracked a walnut in half with his bare hands to prove the strength of neolithic man. He also like Domino's Pizza, and often relates it to the capitalistic system. Petersen also likes to ski if you want bonus points...buy him pizza and go skiing with him. The man!,5.0,2.0
His quizzes are pretty tough, but his lectures were interesting.,4.0,4.0
Peterson is one of the most intelligent history professors ever! he could talk about the topics forever. i kept getting continuous C's on my quizzes but he gave out a lot of extra credit--you really have to work for it though! yes for my class we had to write a 5 pg paper off of one source-but my god its an entire book to go off of!!,4.5,4.0
Professor Peterson is a terrible professor. He is really interested in what he is teaching but is not clear at all. I'm an "A" student and got a C in this class. He is so unclear about what will be on the tests I didn't know what to study. Avoid!!,1.5,5.0
His lectures were often captivating, and an excellent analytical supplement to the books. Exams were balanced and demanding, although the essays could have required more analysis. Recommended for history and int'l relations students that have already completed some coursework in their fields.,4.5,3.0
He is a ridiculous teacher. You must write a five page paper using one source. If you use more, you get marked down. AVOID!,1.0,5.0
Terrible prof. Patronizing and cruel. He's enthusiastic to teach, but is a firm believer in "smart" and "stupid" people. Frequently says "if you didn't get this right, then you're just stupid." Avoid him. I took this class for fun (4th year) and if I had him my first year I would have transferred.,2.5,4.0
Likes to teach the material. Very enthusiastic. You will need to study. You do need the book for reading. Have to write a 3-5 page paper on the cuban missile crisis, or at least my class did.,3.5,3.0
Tells very interesting stories, and lectures are very straightforward. All you have to do is go to class, take notes and memorize the study guides he gives you. His classes are a lot of work, but its easy and fairly interesting memorization.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Peterson is a brilliant human being. I had him about 10 years ago, so maybe my ratings are not relevant. He will work you hard, and your grade may not be the pretty little "A" you want, but speaking from experience, I REMEMBER more from his classes than any other. He may seem intimidating, but one:one, you'll see a different person.,4.5,4.0
Dr. Petersen is the best professor in the history department. Yes, he expects you to know the material, but this IS college. He is kind and very helpful if you are willing to ask him questions. I would recommend his classes to anybody that is genuinely interesting in learning, rather than simply earning a grade.,5.0,2.0
the manliest prof on campus, he eats nails for breakfast. incidentally hes also one of the best educators at the uni. i took 316 & 317, and it was great. very learned, eloquent and precise. hard quizzes and exams, study hard. will answer any and all questions in great depth. mention a current event after class and he will talk for hours.,4.0,3.0
His lectures are very boring, his quizzes are hard, he does not prepare you for them. Hes a stubborn person who is very reluctant to help you should difficulties arise.,1.0,5.0
he's a really smart guy who occasionally goes into stories about his life, which are really funny. his quizzes are easy if you studied and the class is pretty easy. but it's too early in the morning.,5.0,2.0
VERY knowledgable about history,does his lectures from memory.Quizzes are quite difficult,but definately not too bad. Study what you need and you'll do fine.Nice guy, willing to help,fairly light on his feet, but, geez, he expects too much studying. 6-7 hours per day...for the SUBJECT? That's his only prob. Other than that,he's a great professor.,5.0,3.0
If you do the reading and pay attention to lectures, then you will do great! The man knows his stuff and his lectures are not all that bad.,5.0,2.0
He knows his stuff. His quizzes are hard - do your reading. Read, read, read!!! I could take it or leave it. Nice guy, but not nice grades.,3.0,5.0
Very easy class good teacher take him.,5.0,2.0
He knows his stuff but doesn't help out enough with what will be on the test and quizzes. There aren't enough exercises done to help the comprehension of it all.,2.5,4.0
To all those saying Peterson is a boring lecturer and is super hard: YOU ARE RETARED!,4.0,3.0
He wqas a very good teacher. You can learn a lot from him. Yes, he may be as old as a dino. but he is still a really good teacher. All you have to do is go to class, study for the tests, and ask him any questions that you may have. Bottom line, he was a good teacher and you should take his class.,3.5,5.0
Quizzes are only hard if you don't study. Go over your notes, read the book, do the study guides and you will be fine. He is a great professor, and he enjoys what he does. He makes class interesting!,5.0,3.0
Very hard test! He really knows info but he kills you on the essay tests! I would take him agian because I know what He is like! He does get upset if he sees you not paying attention. He will stop class to yell at you. He started out giving the essay question then as time went on he stoped,3.0,5.0
He never did lecture very well. He was very boring, but I bet having it at 8:30 in the morning didn't help much either. He still never gave you much extra credit and when you did get it, it was worth maybe 20 points. Just one suggestion get good grades on the quiz because that is all he grades on.,1.0,5.0
I enjoyed his class. Good insight into difficult periods of American history. Listen to lecture and you'll pass the quizzes. No actual tests and no papers.,4.0,3.0
Very interesting professor! Do the study guides and you will be ok.,4.5,3.0
He's a decent teacher. Just study and do the study guides he hands out. Sometimes he'll make a huge deal about something and it won't even be on his exam. Even when he says rember this...it'll be on my exam...then it isn't!,4.0,4.0
Great info in this class, never thought about history this way before. He is very picky about Essay questions! But the questions he gives you before hand really help. Knows his material really well. Enjoys teaching. Likes lecture. The only sucky thing, no food or drink for a 3hr class but good prof,3.5,3.0
Very interesting! He knows his stuff. Quizzes are not hard at all as long as you take notes and study. Don't even attempt to fall asleep in his class. He will yell at ya! Awesome professor!!,5.0,3.0
YUCK! No food/drink allowed in classroom (are we children?) Very, very boring lecturer, and very pompous. Essays were too hard.,1.0,5.0
I didn't think he was easy, in fact, I thought he was hard. But, I did learn a lot, and he's a nice guy. Don't take a summer class of his at eight a.m. though, super hard to stay awake.,4.0,2.0
Best history prof I've ever had. I learned so much and I would take him again for another course. Easy A if you do the study questions and take good notes during lecture. I highly reccomend him!,4.5,2.0
I have actually had Peterson for 317 and 329. I think he is very knowledgeable. He still enjoys lecturing. Just answer the questions he passes out for the books and you will do fine. The only negative is he does not foster discussion.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
easy teacher just do the questions he provides and write downe the stuff he tells you to in lecture and you will do fine. you have two essays exams but he provides the ? b4 you take it.,3.0,1.0
Tests are hard, he is really picky about the essay questions. He also has a very big ego and thinks he knows everything.,3.0,4.0
Not a bad professor, but dont take him at 8:30 in the morning. He has a huge fit when people fall asleep in class...Quizzes and assignmnents arent bad, but 2 essay exams. oh, and he's a little obssessed w/ T. Roosevelt,4.0,3.0
Very strict. I am a history major and his 100c class is the easiest out of all the survey courses to get a A in if you are just looking to fill a gen. ed.,4.0,2.0
Awesome instructor!!! He has a way of intergating all parts of the lectures into a very effective cirriculum. Makes you laugh at times with his little quips here and there and makes the class fun (if history can be fun). Very Strict! No pop?...C'mo,5.0,2.0
Very knowledgable and helpful. Fun to talk to,5.0,4.0
Really like the fact that there was no term paper requirement. Fairly easy to get an A if you follow his study guides. Fairly amusing.,3.5,2.0
Very helpful teacher who is very resourceful in US History. He enjoys teaching and is very passionate about it as well.,5.0,1.0
I liked him as a prof. I would take him again. I learned in his class and didn't mind his [dry] sense of humor. He can be funny at times.,5.0,3.0
blah blah,2.0,5.0
I had a very hard time knowing what he wants for this clas. I went to every class and studied for the exams and everytime he gave us the questions for theessay before the exam but it just seemed no matter how much I put in the essay it was not enough.,1.0,5.0
Sleepy, but very intelligent and helpful professor.,5.0,3.0
Dry, yes, but you will learn if you pay attention. His slant is not liberal. It is REAL.,3.5,2.0
I enjoyed his class a lot. His lectures are a little dry, but he can be funny at times! If you follow the study guides you will pass the class no problem. Staying awake at 8 am is the hard part!,4.0,3.0
IF you fail this class you weren't following the study guide. His lectures are a little dry, but at times amusing. He very knowledgeable and detailed in lectures. Great class to take.,5.0,1.0
this man is very smart, kinda unclear on some things but overall his class is very interesting and youll do fine if you do the what he asks of you,4.0,3.0
One of the most interesting teachers I've ever had! I find it almost impossible to sleep during his class. And he grades easy...all you have to do is memorize a few words and you'll do fine on the quizzes! I recommoned him!,4.5,2.0
HE teaches very well but the quizzes are harder then you think!,3.5,4.0
I loved Petersen! Sometimes class is boring if you're not into History, but he usually is halfway interesting. He's a really nice guy though. He knows A LOT about history! We had some tests and 2 assignments...not a hard class, you just have to study...,4.0,2.0
He expects you to know WAY too much for the exams, then asks off the wall questions and grades the essay tests very hard. By the way you have an hour and a half to write a 6-8 pg. essay test plus 20 mult. choice. Have fun! Don't take!,3.0,4.0
He is very knowledgeable in his field. But he grades way too hard, we don't go over any work, he keeeps all quizzes until the end of the semester when you have to pick them up from his office etc. I wouldn't recommend this class if you don't need it,2.5,4.0
He knows what he's talking about, but he grades the essay's on the exam very hard and doesn't explain what all needs to be in the essay to get an A or B.,3.0,3.0
very boring and doesn't explain what he is looking for on quizzes.,2.0,3.0
just got him 2 weeks ago but he is very intrusting and i will take him again in the future,5.0,3.0
Please don't waste your time,,BAD class!!!,2.0,4.0
Horrible...Flys through work. Does not give help or talk about tests or quizes...and can we say BORING? Dont take this class!!!!!,1.0,5.0
By far the best professor I've had. A lot of people think he's tough but that's probably just because they are stupid, struggle with in class, and then **** about there being no curve. His response, Do you want your brain surgeon graded on a curve?,5.0,3.0
Very interesting, read the assignments and look for the answers to the questions he gives you, and you'll pass no problem!,4.5,2.0
good teacher, knows his history, very intersting in lecture, gives you questions on chapter and tells you what to know for quizzes makes it much easier!,5.0,2.0
Just read and you can get an A! Very Smart!,4.5,2.0
A great teacher. If you read, you will pass with a B or better.,5.0,1.0
He is a great guy, always willing to help,5.0,4.0
interesting but difficult tests,2.5,5.0
Knows his stuff, is a great guy and a more than fair teacher.,4.5,5.0
Good lecturer if you like storytelling, tests were somewhat difficult.,4.0,3.0
VERY tough goes really fast, talks alot and it doesn't relate to the test quest.,1.0,5.0
Kind of boring, but very informative. He knows the material really well.,5.0,1.0
he bables to much about nothing. Stick to the subject.,1.5,5.0
very interesting, but very hard,3.0,5.0
Loves the sound of his own voice. Primary teaching method consists of monologue,2.5,3.0
very interesting,4.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,5.0
One of the Best here. Good guy and very knowledgable.,4.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
Toughest teacher I've had, but rewarding and interesting class,3.0,5.0
The worst teacher I have ever had. Drop this class ASAP. Would stay after class to talk about my paper I got back, I asked her to read her handwriting because I couldn't read it, she responded with "no, if you can read it we are going to get nowhere". Stayed after class for 1 hour she talked in circles and got nothing accomplished.,1.0,5.0
the worst prof i have ever had. I don't know why I didn't drop when I could. She is literally horrible DO NOT TAKE HER!!! the fact that she won't tell you your grade until the end of the semester is awful. The only time you get a slight idea is when you turn in your papers (she grades with checks, - and +) but doesn't give clear feedback on it.,1.0,5.0
she sucks,1.0,4.0
Does not tell you what your grade is until the end of the semester. Very rude and opinionated. Has you write inoperative papers, but if you don't share her option on the work you are wrong.,1.0,4.0
We had a meeting because I wanted to understand her grading on the papers. She then wanted to see how I did in my previous English classes. Showed her the A's and B's, then had the audacity to say "I don't understand how you passed your other English classes if you can't understand this" Don't take her for your own mental health and sanity.PLEASE,1.0,5.0
She was bad. Not caring or understanding at all! She had us write interpretive papers on poems but then said our interpretation of the poem was wrong. She was rude to a lot of students in class. Just overall not a good experience, hated it.,1.0,4.0
AWFUL. RUDE. DOES NOT CARE ABOUT STUDENTS. Phyllis hates when you ask questions and always gives rude remarks back but never an answer. Expects you to just read her mind and know what she wants. USES A PAPER GRADE BOOK!!! She does not post grades, you will not know your grade until the end of the semester. Grades papers and exams in pencil.,1.0,5.0
Treats us like kindergartners. Spends the first hour talking about Covid every class. Doesnt use canvas and terrible at communicating,1.0,1.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS Horrible handwriting, horrible instructions. Ask a question? Get a snippy response. Does not believe in grades and would rather use checkmarksyes checkmarks. Would rather talking about herself and her backstory than have a lecture, and does not go by her own name but actually goes by the name of a person who passed away.,1.0,5.0
Do not take this class. The credit is not worth it, trust me. She is always confused and doesnt even go by her name. You dont know your grades till the end of the semester and is clear about nothing. You will be able to be fluent in a new language before you can read her handwriting. It just not worth it.,1.0,5.0
Yeah, no. She was just not good. There are professors that want to teach, and then there is Professor Hastings. You can't read any of her handwriting on the papers she gives back. Very condescending and belittling, makes you feel extremely stupid for asking simple questions. Take with a different professor if you can.,1.0,5.0
This professor is ROUGH! My mental health declined as a result of having her. She is NOT clear about her grading, you do not know your grade in the class until the very very end of the semester, and she claims she's available outside of class, but she never got back to anyone who emailed her. Would highly suggest taking it with a different prof.,1.0,5.0
I took this class as a gen-ed and this was by far THE HARDEST CLASS I HAVE EVER HAD! She spends the majority of the class talking about things that are not relevant. Maybe have about 20 productive minutes of class a day! The only part of this class I enjoyed was the groups we created ourselves because your group will be the only help you'll get.,1.0,5.0
The absolute worst teacher I have ever had. Im close to a 4.0 student and struggled through this class. At times I just wanted to drop out because of this class. Hastings has no idea what she is doing and will not help you with anything. Please, for the sake of your mental health, do not take her or this class. Its taken a toll on me.,1.0,5.0
i cried so many times over this class. instruction was unclear, there was no working with her, clarification was confusing she was outright rude to students in class. i was afraid to ask questions over fear of her singling me out. her handwriting was incomprehensible chicken scratch. and u dont get a grade until END OF SEMESTER. DO NOT TAKE CLASS,1.0,5.0
okay, prof hastings has got to be the most disorganized person that there is, I was confused and anxious in this class and when I wrote papers I would have no idea the expectations and would receive a bad grade, no way to figure out ur grade until the end of sem., and is downright mean to her students, i was scared to speak up in class bc shes mean,1.0,5.0
Please avoid taking Phyllis Hastings at all costs. She is never clear about any of her assignments, she basically expects you to read her mind. Her opinion is the only one that matters. She has talked down on me multiple times and has been very rude to myself and others. Her class has been horrible on my mental health.,1.0,4.0
She isn't well versed in using canvas so she wont work with you when it comes to accessing materials online.,1.0,4.0
DO NOT TAKE PROFESSOR HASTING'S CLASS! During the semester instructions were very unclear and she wasn't helpful. She answers questions with more questions and makes everyone confused. She doesn't believe in grades so you don't know how you are doing in her class until the very end. No matter what you do, you will never receive 100% on any paper.,1.0,5.0
DO NOT TAKE! This professor "doesn't believe in points or letter grades" don't find out grade until end. Extremely confusing when it comes to directions. Has no regard for your own opinion or interpretations. Passive aggressive when it comes to feedback. Handwriting is chicken scratch and not legible. Not accommodating. Confusing and Awful,1.0,4.0
I do NOT recommend Phyllis in any means. She is a horrible teacher. Nothing she says makes any sense at all no matter how many times she says it. I was confused the whole semester. I was in her office hours so many times and just wasted my time and all she did was say "figure it out." She answers questions with own questions that she understands,1.0,4.0
She is by far the worst professor I have ever had. Her syllabus is four pages of unstructured nonsense, and the verbal schedule is different from the written one. Doesn't believe in a grading system but told us the first day she would be willing to give us an estimated grade when asked she laughed and said she doesn't keep track of that. Stay away!,1.0,3.0
She's crazy unorganized. There's no direction whatsoever, and questions in class lead to 30 minute long confusing discussions. Her feedback system is terrible and her handwriting is illegible. Her directions on the portfolio are useless, and her grading system doesn't help whatsoever. She back tracks and changes things constantly. Stay away!!!!!!!,1.0,4.0
I am a 3.5 gpa holding student with a communication minoir and genuinely concerened about failing this class. It is insane how confusing she is and how much she back tracks and contridicts hereself. Very unorginized and if you ask questions she does not answer it adequetly and you will be even more confused than before you ask.,1.0,4.0
She makes no sense when she talks. Shes very unclear about directions and leaves you very confused.,1.0,5.0
she was disrespectful towards students, gave very little feedback and when she did she didn't make sense, she never gave you an actual grade just an estimate, and she was very unorganized.,1.0,5.0
Instructions for all assignments are unclear. If you ask a question for clarification on an assignment don't expect a clear answer. Explanations are always lengthy and 3 ways of what she expects but all of them are totally different. She does NOT believe in grades or percentages! WASTE OF . If you DO NOT interpret what she thinks YOU are WRONG!,1.0,4.0
READ THIS! When she comments on your abstracts/outlines before you write your paper, just revise your outline and email it to her. Keep doing this until she approves of your outline, ONLY THEN do you write your paper, then you'll get a good grade. No one else did this except me I think, which is why they all hated her, but I didn't mind her.,3.0,3.0
Dr. Hastings is truly passionate about her class. There is a lot of reading, but it is an English class so it it just the nature of the course. During lecture, she can get off topic and it can be difficult to follow, but asking questions and paying attention will really help. She makes herself very available for students who are seeking help.,3.0,3.0
Professor was nice, but very unclear on grading and criteria for assignments. Class time was used for discussion, and the CI portion of this course was very easy. You never know your definite grade until the end, so if you like to know your grade throughout the semester I don't recommend this course.,2.0,4.0
Professor Hastings is such a good person, but I honestly did not think I was going to pass this class. Hastings is very passionate about her classes, but very disorganized and unclear. You read books, write notecards, write papers, and create a final portfolio with no clear instructions. I read reviews before this class, but everyone was right.,1.0,5.0
Reading and writing papers. Requested note cards on poems everyday, no feedback. Went to her office twice to talk about grades, stated she did not believe in grades. Never any grades posted. Ended up failing. Sucks when its for a grade and now I have to retake. Do not take with this teacher if you don't have to,1.0,3.0
Her class itself isn't hard, you write reactions to readings before class, talk about them in class, and write several interpretative papers on your choice out of those readings. The problem is that her instructions are vague and wordy, so figuring out what exactly she expects is a huge struggle. Go to the bathroom before class and don't be late!,3.0,4.0
She is not nice, very rude. I had asked a few questions, and she left me with answers that made me feel more uneducated and confused. Is not sympathetic, very rude. would switch if possible. Unclear with expectations.,1.0,4.0
This was, by all means is absolute garbage. Heed my words reader, please avoid at all costs. I am a 3.89 student, who is now in jeopard of potentially losing his scholarship because of this class. Never clear on grading scales, like other reviewers have stated, has "hidden rules". her view is ALWAYS right. Even if its your last option, DO NOT TAKE.,1.0,5.0
Worst professor I've ever had. EVER. She is very passionate about what she does, but does not know how to get it across to anybody. We have to write 6 papers and she doesn't believe in the grading system so you don't know your grade the entire time. But you do know she hates your work when you go to office hours and still do awful.,1.0,5.0
she is a horrible teacher that is not clear at all and wastes class time alot,1.0,5.0
Literally the worst teacher I've EVER had & I'm not exaggerating at all. She is extremely rude to students. She gets offended when you ask her any questions and instead of answering the question she will talk around in circles for like 20 minutes and never actually answer the question in the end. Class was a huge waste of my time.,1.0,5.0
Avoid her at all costs. The class is easy enough-- especially with someone with a lot of English and Literature background-- but she is extremely unclear in her grading and all other instructions. Half of her grades are given in checkmarks and "pluses" or "minuses" and half are letters. It will be impossible to estimate your grade.,1.5,3.0
I am a straight A student, who does not skip class, and who puts effort into their work. With that being said, this professor was by far the WORST professor I have ever had. She is VERY unclear with her instructions of what she wants on a paper, she contradicts herself, and is very frustrating to work with. I would not recommend taking her.,1.0,3.0
NO NO NO NO NO. Do not take the class, listen to those of us on here who are telling you that you should avoid taking her, she is rude to a lot of her students and she is absolutely insane about the grading scale, unless you are prepared to write her opinions, avoid. I am an English major that loves to write and got a C in the class,1.0,5.0
your grade in the class is essentially determined by a 2.5 page essay after each novel that you have time to correct and turn in at the end of the semester as a final portfolio and two exams that are pretty easy if you pay attention in class,3.0,2.0
She is one of the worst teachers I have ever had. I am a Junior and have always done well on papers and I am almost failing. She is a very tough grader. She is extremely rude to all students. If you have a question she will talk in circles and give a smart remark then tell you to see her after class. She is never clear about what she wants on.,1.0,5.0
She does not provide openness for discussion about theories outside of her own. She just wants her opinion repeated back to her. She has unclear writing assignments, with even more unclear grading criteria. She frequently makes rude comments to students during class. When you ask for clarification, she skirts around actually answering the question.,1.0,4.0
She was very unclear about what exactly she looks for in assignments; it was as though there were consistently hidden rules. Her grading criteria is inconsistent and unclear. She often made rude comments during class, and grew defensive when you would ask her a question about something she said. It's impossible to get a good grade in the class.,1.0,5.0
Unclear grading system, and unclear assignments. Almost impossible to do well in the class. AVOID,1.0,5.0
Honestly the worst teacher that I have ever had. She makes you write so many papers and they're practically impossible to get an A on if you dont write it exactly the way she wants it. Also she does not explain things at all, super confusing and very unclear. Drop this class if you have her.,2.0,4.0
horrible professor. She is no help at all. She just makes thing confusing. She doesn't know what she wants. She gives in-between grades on papers. Not helpful at all. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS,1.0,5.0
This is the worst professor that i have ever had. Her clarity is terrible and she doesn't ever explain anything well. If you have her for your class I would suggest that you DROP IT.,1.0,5.0
Worst professor I've ever experienced. No clarity whatsoever. She is zero help as she just makes less sense when she talks. Avoid at all costs. I am a 3.6 student and received a C in her class.,1.0,4.0
I actually gave up. This was NOT a CI course, but the amount of writing that was required for this class was putting my other classes at risk. I read the reading/participated in class, but her expectations for the writing were insane. The whole class was 100 points. You had to write for every class worth 2 points. I know no one that ever got 2.,1.0,5.0
The absolute worst professor I have ever had. She is inconsistent with grades, has her own skewed grading system, and is probably one of the rudest people I have ever met. She will get an attitude if you ask for any clarification on her grading system or assignments. Just don't put yourself through the aggravation.,1.0,3.0
This professor is one of the worst i've had. She talks in circles and never gives a clear description of what she wants. I get along with people easily but she's a rather difficult woman and can be extremely discouraging. DO NOT TAKE HER!,1.0,5.0
I can deal with just about anyone, but not this woman. Her inability to clarify was awful. Also, I am pretty sure she hates men. I do not say that lightly. She was an awful woman and it was an awful class. I would recommend her tenure be dropped by the school.,1.0,5.0
She is not a good professor at all. she doesnt explain things well at all and when she tries to explain it is more confusing. do not recommend this teacher at all. grading is ridiculously hard.,1.0,5.0
Worst teacher i have ever taken. Grades extremly hard. If you take her good luck getting a solid b grade. NEVER TAKE,1.0,5.0
She is an extremely nice person. She sets high standards and expects students to reach them. Does not give a lot of work at all. She gets a bad rep because she does not have much control of her class due to her passive nature. People who struggle are people who slack/don't follow directions/don't care.,3.0,2.0
Horrible teacher. DO NOT RECOMMEND,1.0,5.0
She is a horrible teacher who does not have a clue about writing. Her directions are unclear and she gets upset if u ask questions to clarify her confusion. The class is pointless and she does not go off the syllabus whatsoever. I will NEVER take another one of her classes! She should reallyy consider retiring because she is just to old to teach.,2.0,3.0
She is a terrible professor. I DO NOT suggest her whatsoever. She never knows what she wants and can't explain things. She assigns a ton of papers to write and then doesn't even grade them all...POINTLESS. She freaks out over cell phones and food too. Very hard to get a good grade, and she is annoying!,1.0,4.0
I had her for 205 and 212. It was not an easy class. She is very unclear of what she expects from you, however if you do approach with questions or need help on something she is very willing. A nice lady, but a hard grader and is bad at explaining,2.0,5.0
She is a nice person but not good at explaining assignments. Requires ALOT of reading from you. Gives you the chance to resubmit at the end of the semester in an overall portfolio after receiving feedback. EXTREMELY Unclear on what she wants in assignments, can be very frustrating. she talks alot and asks for alot of group work.,2.0,3.0
Do not expect fast feedback/grading from her. She is a nice lady but I have not received a grade on a paper 3wks past now and other feedback is usually neg. if you aren't thinking the way she wants. Also, if you miss a class do not expect any help. In class she does give help, but not on stuff you've missed,2.0,3.0
Great prof, one of my favorites and I'm not even studying English. She wants students to get engaged and participate in class. If you have an issue or are confused about an assignment, just ask. She is very willing to clarify and further explain if needed. Her class is easy if you listen to her suggestions and do the required work.,4.5,2.0
She doesn't explain anything well nor are we given a set criteria for each paper. She grades hard and doesn't explain a thing. Horrible teaching,1.0,5.0
horrible. it was hard to not kill myself. don't take this class.,1.0,4.0
hands down worst prof. i have ever had. she's heartless.,1.0,4.0
Nice lady, but not the best teacher. The class is fairly easy and so are the tests if you read the material, but the papers are a pain. She gives you plenty of time and help. She never really seemed to be able to answer questions and would sometimes get mad at people for asking questions. And if it's not her opinion it's wrong!,2.5,2.0
You have to be willing to talk to her about things you don't understand. She really wants students to dig deeper into the material. Her assignments, readings, and exams are not difficult, just take her comments and suggestions on the papers seriously. You'll be fine.,4.0,2.0
This woman is hard to deal with. From the first day to the last, she was always very confusing. When students do ask her to clarify what she is saying, she usually repeats the question back and doesn't give a clear response. I HIGHLY recommend never taking her for any of her classes.,1.5,5.0
Overall the class wasn't that hard. She talks in circles quite often and never clearly states what she wants. She is a fairly hard grader, but you can manage.,2.0,4.0
I normally can get get along with everyone and genuinely like people. I am an English minor. She is really interested in Literature, but no matter how hard you work on her papers, it is not good enough. I will never take a class with her again! If at all possible, Avoid her! I think that she a really boring teacher. We do the same thing every class,1.0,5.0
I took her for African Lit. She is horrible. The worst of the worst. Shes mean and gets pure joy off making others feel bad. She even made me cry one time she was so crule. Don't take her or if you do watch out.,1.0,5.0
Drop! This woman is nuts! I am an older student,English major, who gets good grades, not from her. She only wants her own opinion repeated, don't dare have one of your own. She treats everyone badly. Her attendance is her world don't be late you'll be absent.,1.0,5.0
Her assignments aka area's are very confusing and they take up a lot of time. You can't please her so don't even try. Nice enough lady... but you'll never get an A on any of your papers.,1.5,4.0
I CANT STAND HER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I did not learn a thing from her class. I have attempted to get help from her (ITS NOT HAPPENING!) Whenever I go see her she will sit there and ask me the same questions I ask her. With papers you write she will RIP THEM APART! If it is not what she would write- its wrong. GET OUT WHILE YOU CAN.,1.0,4.0
Dr. Hastings means well...I think but she is pretty impossible to understand/satisfy. The class had some interesting coversation regarding the text, but she treats students like children and keeps track of preparedness through a strange "notecard" setup.,1.5,4.0
Tough class and difficult to keep up with. Read the books and go to class. Some of the material was difficult but overall it was very interesting.,3.0,4.0
just a weird lady. class was fairly easy...but a million little assignments going on at once. Hard to keep track of everything she wants. Exams are really easy. But just make sure you do the little stuff.,2.0,2.0
Dr. Hastings is a nice enough lady, but she's hard to understand. She doesn't make what she wants in papers clear, and resists all attempts for clarification. She seems to dislike unique interpretations--she wants you to regurgitate what she tells you in lecture, which isn't even that interesting to begin with.,2.0,4.0
This is the worst teacher I've ever had. She is incredibly boring in class. She grades harder than anything I've ever seen. When you try to ask about a grade or about a paper you wrote, she gets upset and grades you even harder the next time. Avoid this teacher like the plague. I read the ratings and thought I'd be OK, I was wrong!,1.0,5.0
This was a terrible class. Professor is of no help at all. You ask her to look at something, she will tell you it's good but mark you down like crazy. All she does in class is review the works, so reading is pointless. There is also outside field trips required, which isn't stated before signing up for hte class. TERRIBLE CLASS.,1.5,3.0
She is a horrible professor. She doesnt grade papers fairly. Her classes are borning and she will go over things like you are not capable of reading yourself. Do not take this class.,2.0,3.0
This professor was an idiot... She didn't know how to teach and she treated us like we were 5. She told me half way through the semester that I wasn't going to pass because "I just don't like your attitude" She basis her grades off of personality and not the work being done... Taking this course from her was the biggest mistake I've made in college,1.0,2.0
She is mostly nice, but is too strict on attendance. most of the literature is okay, but thet way she teaches it makes it pretty boring,3.0,3.0
This is definately not the easiest class I've ever taken, but, I didn't think it was that bad. Go to class and do the reading, and should be fine. There is no heavy analyzing, mainly jsut plot points within stories. Her tests are hard, she wants you to remember very specific things from the text. It was an okay class, but would not take again.,3.0,3.0
If you take her classes, prepare to work your butt off. You'll have writing assignments nonstop, on top of book work. Also be prepared to turn in "prewriting reports" with your papers, which you will be graded severely on. She offers no constructive criticism, she is VAGUE in everything she says. Quite possibly the worst English teacher at SVSU.,1.0,5.0
Don't ask her to review a paper before it's due. She likes to tell people that their paper is "fine" or "just needs a little work" and then grade them badly anyway. It seemed throughout the class that her grading is random and irrational. The papers I spent the most time on were graded worse than those that I did in a half hour before class.,1.0,5.0
You have nothing to gain and everything to lose from taking this class with this instructor. You will simply not learn enough about the subject to justify the frustration you will go through with Prof. Hastings. If you avoid getting on her bad side, you MIGHT escape with an okay grade. If you MUST take this class, find another instructor.,1.5,4.0
Her expectations are unclear and confusing. Her exams are ridiculously difficult. Nobody reads material that closely, and can remember those details a month later! As far as the papers, ask her to provide you with feedback and she will, it will help your final grade. Also, take your papers to the writing center! She treats you as if you're an idiot,2.5,3.0
Very unorganized, unprofessional and uninteresting. The worst profesor I have ever had!I could not understand what she wanted for each assignment. She would repeat,changing her explanations each time she repeated them but they still didn't make sense!,1.0,4.0
Whatever you do, don't take her. She's very unclear in her instructions and her direction of the class. As far as your papers, good luck, I she'll find some way to nitpick at it.,2.5,4.0
Do not take her! She is the hardest grader and her assignments are really hard to write.,2.0,5.0
I would strongly reccomend not taking her class. She's a somewhat nice lady, but very unclear. She strays off topic alot and can be very confusing. If possible, take another prof.,1.0,3.0
She is very vague with her directions. Do not expect for your papers to improve with her. I suggest avoiding her.,1.5,3.0
She's really not that bad. Just read what you're supposed to read and be ready for class discussion. She does write all over your papers, but is still a pretty fair grader. Her notes she writes on the board are all over the place, so pay attention to what she says and don't just write what is on the board.,2.5,2.0
She's not necessarily a bad teacher like everyone says she is. She really wants you to learn the material and to do your best.,3.5,4.0
She's eht worst professor in the world!!! She will rip your papers apart like no tomorrow! I HATE HER!!!!!!!! AVOID HER AT ALL COSTS!!,1.0,5.0
TERRIBLE! Drop out before you take her.,1.0,5.0
AVIOD at all costs, requiring 10 service hours for an english class!!!! She will tell you one thing and do another, and she loves to write all over your papers. In a couple words....AWEFUl don't take her!!!!!,2.0,4.0
Avoid avoid avoid. Very unclear and unorganized. You will dread going to this class.,1.0,3.0
Not my favorite class that I have ever had! If you do not agree with her than you are screwed. She thinks that her opinions are the only ones that count. You definetly cannot be too creative in this class. She is a nice person, but just not very clear on what she wants from her students.,2.5,4.0
She was vague in her teaching, however, the reaction of me peers was immature and without any logical reasoning. Hate for hate's sake because they were challenged I think. However, if I get below a B I might hate as well. :) Good luck to those who take her. SHE IS NOT FOR THE CREATIVE WRITER!,2.0,4.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
I really don't care for her at all. Who has to do 10 hours of volunteer work for an English class? Come on! Too many assignments. Never clear on what she wants before you hand it in but is quick to rip apart your paper if you didn't do what she wanted. Don't take her!,1.5,3.0
Well lets see. To start gives tons and tons and tons and tons of busy work. Course demands are overwhelming and there is no room for your personal opinion.,2.0,5.0
Does not give assignments, but rather elementary busy work...course materials were ridiculous...if you want technical writing...go to Purdue online writing lab...has all the personality of a wet dishrag...needs to retire...,1.0,4.0
Yeah, Phyllis was kinda nasty to you if you didn't fully agree with you, but she was a pretty easy grader I think. The people I had to take this class with though were outright jerks. If you have a problem with her, tell her first, not the Dean.,2.0,2.0
I suffered through her class my freshman year. She's boaring, pointless and competely unhelpful. Ugh!,1.5,3.0
I took her class and had to suffer the astonishing immaturity of my fellow classmates. These over grown children were completely unable to handle the basic responsibilities of a university student and took their petty revenge out on Dr. Hastings.,5.0,3.0
She is tied for the worst teacher of the millienium award. She is very unclear and very disrespectful. And for the record her sweaters are very ugly.,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
Very helpful and interested in her subject. Tried to make sure that all students learned from her. Would take her again, if I could.,4.0,3.0
My dad got sick & went into a coma.He was fighting for his life.She had no sympathy or compassion whatsoever.Even if my assignments were done she still wanted me to be there while my dad was lying in the hospital dying.She wouldn't cut me any slack at all,1.0,5.0
The only problem that I had in the class was the people that I had to take it with. Prof. Hastings knows what she is doing...she is helpful if you treat her with respect. you must keep up on the readings and the notecards or you will be lost in the class.,5.0,2.0
Avoid this woman please, just for your grade.,1.0,5.0
Run Forest Run! Stay away from this lady. She will slam every single thing you say and you are never right. Out right dismisses your interputation in front of the whole class!,1.0,4.0
She is a horrible teacher. If you ask her a question she goes on and on and never even answers it. She even lost one of my classmates papers!!!! Do not take her!,1.0,3.0
stay away!!! no matter how many questions you ask her she never gives a straight answer! If you ask a question you will end up being the headless horseman for HALLOWEEN!,1.0,4.0
STAY AWAY!!! She's right your wrong-deal with it. That's the class attitude. She grades really really tough also.,1.0,5.0
She is not very helpful and she expects everyone to be an english major, I would avoid her if possible,2.0,4.0
Watch out for her sweaters and nailpolish. likes to debate with the students and nevers clears up any questions asked.,1.5,3.0
Don't take her for anything. she is the worst teacher i've ever had. she isn't clear on anything, and offers no help. Don't take her ever!!!!!!!!!,1.0,5.0
Lack of organization is only surpassed by sarcasm and disrespect.,1.0,5.0
If your male take her, she'll love ya. If you don't have that drop it.,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
The most unorganized teacher I have ever had.,1.0,4.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
Very degrading to students, didn't teach a thing except not to take her again.,1.0,4.0
I think she tries, she's just hopeless as a teacher,1.0,5.0
Total confusion, demeans, degrads and makes you feel...not to good,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Worst teacher I've had. Talks down to students, acts like they are stupid.,1.5,5.0
The tests are really easy but the classes we're pretty boring as he just talks and talks on and on, doesn't really interact with students. Read the book and go to class and you'll get an A.,3.0,2.0
Make sure you read the book and you will pass the tests, they are extremely easy! Braddock has a good sense of humor but his lectures are a little unorganized and hard to follow sometimes. But as long as you read the book then you should be able to follow what he is saying. Great Class.,3.0,1.0
Classes are boring but the tests are really easy. Professor Braddock has an amusing sense of humor but his lectures lack structure. Read the chapters and there's no way to fail the class.,2.5,1.0
His lectures are horrible-READ the book so that you know what he is talking about. Each test covers two chapters; 4 tests total w/ lowest score dropped. Two exams & a final. Questions on each are easy if you read. Attend class to catch what parts of the chapters are important; 3 extra credit opportunities. READ the book.,2.0,4.0
If you read the book and listen in class, you will get an A. Lectures can be boring but he really knows what he is talking about. No HW ever but reading. 4 tests and 2 exams and the tests are super easy. Drops the lowest score of the 4. Gives out up to 3 chances for extra credit. Not that fun of a class but not hard at all.,4.0,1.0
He knows what he's talking about. His lectures are boring, and he talks really fast. His tests are from the book and his notes. No homework! Most of the class was failing i got an A though with the help of a tutor and i like history.,3.0,3.0
This class was fairly easy. There are no homework assignments except read the passages he assigns. There are three exams and then a final. If you stay awake in class and take notes you should pass the class.,3.0,1.0
I really liked him as a person, but not so much as an educator. You can tell he knows a lot about what he teaches, however he does not have the best methods of conveying it. I ended up with an A- though I have no idea how. His tests are crazy but he is very fair when grading papers.,2.5,4.0
Prof. Braddock takes some getting used to. I hated him in the beginning but after forcing myself to go to class, found that he actually has a rather funny sense of humor and really knows his stuff. He likes his topic and teaches it with an air that he himself was there. He cusses some but likes to tell good stories. He's cool.,3.0,4.0
Professor Braddock is a man who really knows the material that he is presenting to the class. He is an easy going guy who offers many extra credit opportunities. He is the first to admit the test will be difficult. He doesn't write them, rather he buys them from a company. Very easy to talk to and the class goes by quickly. Not my favorite topic.,2.5,2.0
He is awful! He makes class interesting?! Are you kidding! This guy is horrid you can hardly understand him 90% of the time the other 10% is him going off on tangents relating nothing to the class. This guy is awful and the course as a whole is horrible. Does not help that the subject is very boring. If you take him be prepared to teach yourself.,1.0,5.0
Braddock is a funny guy. I find history mostly boring but he makes it pretty interesting. He knows alot!! And loves to talk, he cracks some jokes which are kinda funny. He does stray off topic, and he loves to tell stories that you wont need for the test but are interesting. He tests however are mainly from the book. Only 3 tests, and one is droped,3.5,2.0
I absolutely love Braddock. Yes, he does stray off topics and sometimes its hard to take notes because you don't know what to write down, but just read the chapters and listen well. His tests are basically based off the book. You'll do fine!,4.0,2.0
Knows his stuff and tests 75% on lectures. He will stray off topic, but keeps the class fun and interesting. All you need to do is show up to class and listen to pass. He will drop your lowest test score (out of three), which really helped out a lot of his students. Great guy!,4.0,2.0
Typical history class, most students won't like it but it's something you have put up with for GenEd's. Braddock is a great guy who just can't seem to get to the point or stay on topic. Drops lowest out of three test grades; cumulative final and one movie review paper. Easy points in class. Overall not hard if you study and pay attention in class.,2.5,3.0
Lecture-heavy but pay attention because he jumps all over the place. Lots of reading, with an extra book review on top of the assigned texts. Friendly, funny, and smart. SVSU's History Department is one of the best around.,2.5,4.0
Please do not waste your time or money!!! Braddock seems to be an okay man..but he needs to retire like yesterday!!! {or 20 yrs ago}... hard to past...and is a pointless time consuming class!,1.0,4.0
Just another general education class. Braddock seems like a great guy with a lot of experience but the material for HIST 100D is boring and he tends to stray off topic a ton. Don't take the college success course, waste of time and money. You'll need the book, very helpful! Hes a fair grader, you get what you earn. Exams are VERY easy if you study.,2.5,3.0
Braddock is a really funny guy. Some of the lectures were really boring, but if you take notes and read the text then the exams are pretty easy.,3.5,2.0
I enjoyed the class even though the lectures were super long. He does get off of topic and you really have to pay attention to take notes. Reading the textbook isn't that important, skimming it will work. I did very well on the tests with little or no studying and only having read less than half of the assigned reading.,3.5,2.0
His lectures are boring, he gives oral lectures. There are only in-class assignments they are small and easy but you have to go to class to do them. He only sometimes takes attendance. There is one paper, which is a film review. i found the exams a little on the hard side, but if you read the book and know the locations on the map you can do well.,2.0,3.0
He gets off topic a lot! But, as long as you take decent notes during the lectures you should be fine. I didn't study for either of the tests and got A's on both. I recommend taking him.,2.5,3.0
*100d so boring !!!! he is very knowledgable but this class is torture and does not teach to only auditory learners most of the time, really nice guy but wierd!!!!!!! dont take college sucess class it is pointless with him!!!!!!!!that is the only reason i took this class ! and i am not happy about this decision the material is boring!!!! as well!,2.0,4.0
SO BORING! I'm a history major and love history but this class is extremely boring and dry. Prof Braddock is a really nice guy, but extremely disorganized! He jumps around from one topic to the next and never stays on target for too long. The class isn't to bad, just painfully long.,1.5,2.0
He courses are very disorganzied. Trying to take notes in that class is hard. Assignments are long and diffcult to get students to spend all their freetime at the librey.,1.5,4.0
The 499 course was chaotic, but enjoyable. Kind of a strange brew of history and teacher ed majors, which probably had an impact on the courses' organization, or lack thereof. For his part, Braddock was usually informative and always funny, although visibly steamed at the fact his questions went unanswered more often than not. Still - decent.,4.0,3.0
Attending class seemed like a waste of time. A lot of reading and writing required.,3.5,2.0
I've taken 100D with him twice now. The 1st time was an extremely large class, and I didn't go to class very often. Second, his tests were basically the same and covered the same stuff. Don't waste your money on the study guide. Take notes during class, and use them to refer to the book. "At any rate" really nice but goes off on a lot of tangents.,3.5,4.0
Braddok is overall a decent professor. He does tend to go off on "rabbit trails" and is sometimes hard to follow, but once you get used to him its not too bad. Exams are evenly from both his lectures and the text so make sure you read. He also offers extra credit, which is always a plus!,3.5,2.0
this class is very easy as long as you are there to take the notes. he jumps around alot but always has a point. notes are essential and you HAVE TO READ THE BOOK. good class to take. very interesting but alot of lectures,2.0,3.0
Very unorganized and will lecture non-stop. Now the good part is he is an easy grader and his classes are a breeze. He reminds me of the absent minded professor, also secretly wishes to be british...I recommend taking any of his classes!!,3.0,1.0
To bad this class is required for history grads. He doesn't teach you have to give group presitations that are not even in the final grade. Not hard just very boring.,2.0,2.0
Wow, that class is crazy. All he does is lecture and it is very impersonal. I don't think he knows one student's name. He is everywhere with lecture and a large part of the exam comes from stuff not covered in class. It's pretty bad...but somehow I've done really well in the class.,1.5,4.0
Good teacher. Easy assignments and he drops the lowest test score! Keeps the class interesting with jokes and funny comments.,3.0,2.0
By far my favorite professor. Teaches history the way it should be taught. By concept or why events occurred. His lectures are also full of funny practual stories about the people involved in the events.,4.5,3.0
He was a really good teacher. He switches topics a lot, and it can sometimes get confusing, but for the most part he was really good! As long as you study for the tests you will do fine in his class, he tells you exactly what will be on them!,4.5,4.0
He is very boring and doesnt explain things well at all. Tests are hard and he doesnt tell you what is on the tests. He falls asleep in class if you watch a movie and jumps around from topic to topic.,1.0,4.0
If you can get in another history class...do it! his class is so boring, and not easy to follow. i don't recommend it!,1.5,3.0
"tally the number of times he says "and so fourth" and "at any rate."" - WE DO THE SAME THING! He's not exactly exciting. I find myself falling asleep often. I dont study very much and I still have an A. It could be worse-he could be boring and hard! Lectures are random-he starts on a subject-goes to another, 20 mins later goes back to the first.,3.0,2.0
Let me just say, I hate history, can't stand it, it is painful to me. I enjoyed Braddock's class. He didn't focus much on dates and names, more on concepts and cronology. THANK YOU prof Braddock for making the history course I HAD to take tolerable and even quasi enjoyable. He jumps around a lot in his lectures, but take suffient notes and you will be fine.,3.0,3.0
Wanna have fun in this class, talley the number of times he says "and so fourth" and "at any rate." he's had some nice personal bests. his lectures get boring, but he throws in a few dry humor remarks that give you a little chuckle. tests are not to hard, not to easy. just know your terms for the tests, they make up a bulk of the test which is pretty much choose terms and write about them.,3.5,2.0
He is really funny... But ya gotta take good notes!,3.0,3.0
Mr. Braddock is a very smart, and entertaining teacher. At times the work level can seem overwhelming, but the class is very interesting.,4.0,3.0
Professor Braddock, what a great guy. He actually taught us history, I mean he did tend to ramble, but he was very informative and intelligent. Take him and you won't regret it.,5.0,3.0
Braddock is great. He moves from topic to topic in lectures, but he brings in some very funny stories and comments on historical figures. In class movies not bad. He is easy to meet with out of class if you need anything.,4.5,2.0
Even though he's scatterbrained, it doesn't really matter, because he makes up for it with really easy papers and exams.,3.5,3.0
Braddock was an understanding teacher, a little absentminded, but helpful when he could be. Lectured right from the books, easy to get a good grade if you know your stuff.,4.5,3.0
Very easy class, terrible teacher. As long as you don't mind the professor sleeping during all your presentations and never giving you a straight answer you'll be fine. This class made me feel as though the university stole my cash and my time. Absolutely worthless!!!!!!!!!!!!,1.0,1.0
He brings new defintion to absent minded professor. The class is unclear but rewarding if you can stay awake. Half the class would show up and some people missed like 5 weeks in a row. I think that braddock has lost all hope in educating others. Long live the queen!,1.5,1.0
I have had him for several classes. Yes, he can appear to lecture all over the place. But, he's teaching concepts -- not on a timeline. I learn a lot. He's also very funny & kept my interest.,4.5,3.0
Uses "at any rate" way to often, lectures are all over the place, homework is easy, tests are hard. It should keep you entertained trying to keep up with his thoughts, and trying to figure out what topic he's talking about.,2.5,4.0
Good Guy! Really knows his stuff and knowledgable in history.. give him a chance and you will like him. also uses "at any rate" a lot.. hes boss,4.0,2.0
Professor braddock is a really cool teacher,3.5,3.0
Good professor. Essay tests you will need to work hard on. Lectures are sometimes difficult to follow. But funny as hell. Also, lots and lots of reading.,3.0,3.0
Braddock is a great teacher.. Keeps you going if you dont mind reading the book and all that.. says "at any rate" about every other word! Good Guy!,4.0,2.0
His lectures are all over the place and hard to follow. His tests are pretty hard and you definetly have to read the textbook in order to do well in the class. He does give extra credit so thats a plus.,2.5,4.0
You shouldn't skip class because everything in his tests are in the lectures. The text book is a waste, just come to class and read the lit. books he assigns. Tests aren't too bad, but hard to get an A in the class. Be prepared, he jumps subjects ALOT!,3.5,3.0
He is rather nice guy, and he offers a lot of extra credit for all to obtain. His test were hard, but he informed you on what was going to be on the test and that you should definitely look at the book. Besides, what's wrong with Monty Python?,3.5,2.0
Braddock drove me insane his lectures were all over the place. He does drop a few tests which helps, but if you don't read the book you won't pass the class.,2.0,3.0
he is definetly scatterbrained, but he makes up for the confusion by being very leniant with the tests... I HATE history classes, and this one was tolerable. If you can't deal with jumping all over the place, don't take him, otherwise I would recommend.,2.5,2.0
This class is super easy and he gives out a lot of extra credit. Though, it is hard to take notes in class if you read the book you'll get an A on the tests. He's funny, in a professor kind of way so it's easy to stay awake. I'd so get his class again!,3.0,2.0
I loved Braddock! His lectures show the extent to which he knows the material, and he tries to tie in movies and literature to help show his points. I found him to be a great guy and very funny at times. I would take him again in a second.,3.5,2.0
Really nice guy, good amt. of extra credit offered. He is a little scatterbrained and tends to drift, but the exams are mostly memorization of key dates and people (essay and T/F). Take him if you like seeing clips from Monty Python movies.,2.5,1.0
He gives lots of extra credit but he's scatterbrained. Make sure to read the assign before class.,2.0,2.0
My notes were all over the place & he wasn't that easy to follow, but if you got the gist of stuff on the tests, he'd give it to you. Humorous...I would take him again only if I had to.,3.0,3.0
Well-he is kinda unclear about himself, not sure of what he is teaching-but he thinks of himself as funny and i got a kick out of that. He can be boring, but u dont get much work, and tests arent that difficult-as long as u read. Hes an alright guy,3.0,2.0
His tests are difficult, and it's very difficult to take notes as he goes on to a new subject about every 3 minutes.,1.5,4.0
I actually enjoyed going to class. he was a little weird, but I found him funny. I'll like any prof who shows clips from Monty Python movies,4.0,2.0
I had no clue what he was talking about half the time. He was so unclear, but somehow I made it through with a good grade.,1.5,4.0
none,2.5,4.0
This guy is great-i think i failed everything and still came out with a B. I loved his lectures.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
wow, how could this guy be a fulltime professor its like he is in his own world-----what a waste of a semester---doesnt know the first thing about being interesting, and not only that he confuses you so much you have no clue where he is going----avoid,1.0,5.0
Horrible..take Teed,1.0,4.0
Never got lost during an entire semseter, that's all I can say,1.5,4.0
Very boring, but very easy. Shows lots of movie clips. Good guy,4.0,2.0
I enjoyed his style of teaching. He didn't make it boring for me at all.,3.5,3.0
went from the Romans to Queen Elizabeth in one class period...very unclear,1.5,3.0
Zzzzzz....,2.5,3.0
Has a great sense of humor, hard tests, and uselss activities for CSC.,2.5,3.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
kind of boring, but he shows a lot of movie clips and papers and tests are easy!,3.0,1.0
Boring, but not too bad. Papers aren't very hard.,3.5,4.0
Monty Python! Boo-yah!,4.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
Any man that shows Monte Python Movies for History Class is OK in my book!!!!!!!,3.5,4.0
Interesting class, hard tests, decent.,3.0,3.0
Students Beware! The most monotonous class I have ever taken. Almost inaudible even with his microphone. Forces you to endure the pain of listening to him review his PP slides due to his many pop quizzes. Class is harder then any intro to mktg class should ever be. Avoid if possible.,1.0,4.0
WORST teacher I've had at uic. He speaks to softly, even with a microphone. His PowerPoint slides are gibberish, he often has repeating slides throughout his 80 side presentations. He's way past his prime, and thinks much too highly of himself. DO NOT TAKE,1.0,4.0
Not a good teaching professor at ALL!! im sorry but he is too old to be still teaching!! he is extreamely intelligent and knowledgable but you cannot understand wat he is trying to teach because he speaks verryyy softly even with a loud mic. his TA does it all for him.POP quizzes are not bad, but tests are too long and straight off the book.boring!,1.0,4.0
Avoid! Hard tests, boring, annoying, and pop quizzes. Hopefully he retires soon so no one needs to deal with his nonsense. I'm still unsure if I should use the book to study for the tests; very unclear on everything,1.0,5.0
Worst professor I have ever had. Rambles on about nonsense that does not relate to material but that he feels is important. Encourages and then discourages use of the book because he thinks it is a helpful tool, but doesn't teach out of the book at all. Lectures do not match the book at all. He is very annoying and old and hard to understand.,1.0,5.0
Study the lecture slides and you're guaranteed at least a B. Even without the extra credit.,3.0,3.0
King was okay at best. His tests were 100 q's each, very hard. All based on his powerpoint slides and his in class lectures. The book proved to be pretty useless. The curve is pretty decent at the end, but I still ended up with a D because I didn't study much. I wouldn't recommend him unless there are no other options. His tests are tricky imo.,2.5,3.0
This class took up as much time as a 5 hour class. I read the entire book from cover to cover while taking notes, then memorized the lecture slides and my notes from the book. Got high B's on all exams but he uses a standard bell curve so people's grades get hurt because of that. Do the extra credit paper. Got an A, but it was a hard A to get.,2.5,4.0
Easy class if you can memorize the terms etc. I got an A with none of the extra credits, so yes, it's possible. Lecture was unbelievably boring/useless but you have to go because he gives pop quizzes. He can be funny once in a awhile.,1.0,2.0
Can be nasty (calls students out when talking during his lectures, takes down their name, etc. in front of class). Does test on material not explicitly covered during lectures. Covers entire textbook during one semester. Has habit of ranting and repeatedly bringing up same negative personal issues over and over again.,2.5,4.0
His class is ok for introductory level marketing. Secret to his class is keeping up with the chapters and memorizing key terms in the textbook. He's funny at times but so much to memorize for just one class. I got my A just reading the textbook and memorizing terms!,3.0,3.0
King is terrible if you can get out of taking him please do. I don't know how so much evil can be in one person all his exams are memorization. If you can memorize about 200 slides per exam you can get an A. Do as much EC as possible you will need it!,2.0,4.0
Honestly, this instructor is outdated, he should consider going to other professor's lecture and compare himself to them. His voice plus powerpoint slide will put you to sleep.,2.0,3.0
Pros: You learn about mktg. Lots of extra credit opportunity to make up for bad scores on quizzes and exams. Exams are heavily based on power point slides but don't ignore the textbook. Cons: He's angry alot. Covers too much information. Doesn't pace himself. Will be slow then speed up by skipping slides which is not helpful.,3.0,3.0
King was so easy. He can be a jerk, but he is reasonable. If you don't get a good grade, it's your own fault bc he gives so much opportunity to boost your grade. Don't miss a pop quiz. Did not even do the optional research paper and only got 42/60 on tests and still got an A.,3.5,1.0
TERRIBLE. "Mini King" is so cocky and full of himself i dont know how his giant ego fits inside his little 3ft 4in tall body. Test are VERY HARD even if you study ALOT. He tested us on chapters he never even lectured on because he got behind. why? bcuz of his constant rambling about him self. he is a used car salesmen wearing a marketing hat.,1.0,5.0
OMG!!! You have to attend class. He gives quizzes for the most basic of lectures. You have to cram a lot. DO THE EXTRA CREDIT!!! (even though it's a lot of work) and you'll be fine :),3.0,5.0
Attendance is mandatory cuz he likes to surprise students with pop quizes. Class is very boring you might want to read about something else during his class or bring your laptop. Just read the book and make the extra credit research paper and you should get an A or B.,3.0,2.0
Terrible teacher!!!! treats his TA like a freakin slave. makes him do everything for him including answer his office phone when he is sitting right next to him!! i feel really bad for chinlee I dont know why king treats him like that but it just shows what a low-life p.o.s. king is. he brings others down to build him self up. AVOID,1.0,5.0
Bring a laptop to lectures, just attend every lecture(the whole lecture, he might give out 2 quizzes one day, one in the beginning and one in the end). Big curve in the end of the class (yes, he curves after the final). Easy class, just do the research paper, then it's a must A class.,3.5,2.0
King can be an ass at times but he knows what hes talking about. I learned alot from this class. Make sure you come to every class bc he give alot of quizes (more than stated on his syllabus) also if you miss a quiz you miss on attendance. Do his extra credit and you will get an A,5.0,2.0
Rambles about his "play boy" days & talks too much (not all relating to MKTG). Take Haisu over King if you really want to learn about MKTG.,3.0,3.0
Had him for a bit for MKGT 360 before I switched to Haisu. Don't regret it at all, in fact if this site allowed me to add him I'd say take Haisu! His tests cover less material, based purely on definitions, gives tons more extra points. Can get "A" or "B" with little work. Take him over King.,2.0,4.0
Extremely challenging, but worth it. His teaching methods definitely prepare you for professional presentations and working with a team. You will be criticized, but if you pay attention and make changes throughout the semester, it'll pay off.,5.0,5.0
He's a tiny old man with a stern attitude. You will be bored to death, but act like you're listening or else. You should be able to get an A with his extra credit opportunity. Good luck staying awake.,1.0,4.0
unfair, attendance is mandatory with random pop quizzes. his exams are very nitty gritty, tons of memorization. take some other professor for this class or take it at a community college and transfer it in if possible.,3.5,4.0
This guy is so inappropriate I don't care how much he knows about marketing. Making **** jokes and jokes about abortion are NOT funny... Get over yourself, no one cares that you worked for hugh hefner, really... no one cares,2.0,4.0
Prof. King knows his stuff. Extremely straightforward class and professor. First test much easier than last two. Gives pop quizzes so attend class. Extra credit helps a lot.,4.5,3.0
Personally I don't like him and his inappropriate jokes. But he knows what he's talking about and gives you lot of chance to earn extra credit. I end up getting A because I had zero absence and tardiness and I did couple extra credit work.,5.0,2.0
I actually didn't like Professor King as a person like most people here. I found him to be cocky and arrogant. He is just one of those people that rubs me the wrong way. But he is one of the best teachers I have had at this awful college and he made me sure I want to major in Marketing. I would take King again any day.,5.0,4.0
King is an extremely difficult teacher. But, he is a great one. He is an interesting man with a lot of experiences and stories. He does offer substantial extra credit points, in my class there was an opportunity to earn up to 65 extra credit points by handing in a paper and also going to a few seminars.,4.5,4.0
Seems harder at first, then it really is. Attend the lectures, have the book/notes with you for the pop quizes, and study the review links on the Blackboard for the review - this will give you an A, especially with an optional paper. I withdrew from his class after the first lecture a year ago, ended up retaking it with him, and made an A!,4.0,3.0
Hands down, one of the best teachers u will have ever. There is a method to his madness, he is a very blunt person. He tells u like it is, no sugar-coating. All the work and critisim he gives u will help make u a better student and build confidence in ur-self. He makes u work, but u will be extremely satisfied with the knowledge gained in the end.,4.5,4.0
You will have to go to every class! Pop Quizes and attendence make a huge difference in your grade. Half of his classes are really good and interesting, the other half are bad and boring. Marketing in real life is not as hard as he makes it to be... he is just trying to "weedle out the weak". Tests are difficult but there is a curve!,3.5,4.0
Not easy to get an A at all, you have to work for it. Professor King however, knows his stuff. He's the most awesome old man ever, be sure to take this class if you're going into marketing!! Great introductory course. Plus, be sure to do the extra credit research paper, it can boost you up a whole letter grade.,4.5,3.0
King tries to come off as a hard ass, but is really just rude. His TA Beiching is also rude at times. Attendance is MANDATORY as he gives out quizes at the begin. of each class. If you come even ONE MINUTE late you will not be able to take the quiz and miss out on 18 points, which is huge in this class. Take his course cautiously as he is strict..,3.0,3.0
i didn't know hank hills dad taught marketing but he does. Hes loud. Annoying. Obnoxious. Smart. His son Bai Chin is really rude. And tries so hard to be like his dad. Be careful taking this class. King does know his material and is insightful about marketing having much experience in this field. Becareful. Points are hard to get,3.0,3.0
King has some major problems, like his annoying western slang and sidetracking. if thats bad, listen to his TA. I don't think that was english he was speaking. also TA is really rude. I showed up to class 2 MINUTES late on a pop quiz day and he wouldn't give me a quiz to take. because of that i had to work for 18 pts (huge) on the reasearch paper.,1.0,5.0
Not a big fan of King, the class is not too hard, but it is very boring. Quizzes are easy. You need to know a lot for the tests though.,2.0,4.0
Dr. King seems enthusiastic with a postive energy about teaching. His exams are a bit hard, but he welcomes any questions students have. He has extensive knowlege about marketing and he is always open to sharing his experience as you will learing about playboy stories. I recommend this teacher, but motivation and hard work is required.,4.0,3.0
Dr. King is the MAN!,5.0,1.0
This guy knows his stuff.Has experience in his field.Says he Co-founded PLAYBOY with Hefner. Big Ego, but good professor.The exams are not that bad.Do the extra-credit optional paper, it helps a lot. The class is not hard. Its a intro class. Its hard for students who dont study for the exams. Learned a lot in his class.,4.0,1.0
Tests are hard. His teaching style does not help either. You will learn very little in class due to him taking up a significant time going on about his career and personal life. That is not include that in tests but the little details of the text he does not bring up in class will be in the tests. Take the class with someone else if you can. Attend,1.5,5.0
Best course I've ever taken! He'll kick your ass into shape when it comes to making an effective presentation. Changed my entire presentation style. He says funny things from time to time and may tell a story or two about when he used to work with Hugh,5.0,4.0
An unforgetable expereince in Marketing 360 with Dr. King. The most conservative man you'll ever meet. You can' skip class or you'll earn a big fat zero on the quizes. Taking his class is like taken it at Harvard; very hard exams and he doesn't teach the class that well, he keeps on talking about his past expereinces and neglects to foucs on the cl,5.0,1.0
Students are highly encouraged to attend class daily to avoid earning a zero on quizes and take good lecture notes to pass the exams. The exams given by Dr. King are primarly from the textbook and secondarily from the lecture notes. It's not an easy class and it requires a lot of effort and motivati,3.0,4.0
Pompous old man, loves to talk about his money and brooks bros suits. Howeverm, he is a good teacher. Tests require some review. He grades the class on a bell curve. MUST ATTEND CLASS OR YOU ARE FUNKED!,3.0,4.0
I think this is a good teacher, stays on task, i'm a huge slacker and i still got a B in his class, so if you fail you must be brain dead. He demonstrates tough love and never strays from the point. Just dont talk in class and read, a lazy college student cant ask for more.,5.0,1.0
By far the most valuable professor and class in the entire school of business @ UIC. He wastes slackers and brings out the professional side out of his students. Probably the only prof. who teaches things required to be successful in rwal world,5.0,5.0
Doesnt help at all. treats TA like a slave, plus makes him write his tests (at least looks like it). Thus, tests often dont match his lectures. Moreover, he doesn't cover all chapters for the exam, and makes it clear that uncovered chapters are your problem, and he doesnt care.,1.5,4.0
the tests are easy if u read. he DOES NOT cover the material in lecture...VERY SELF-CENTERED. treats beicheng (HIS TA) very poorly,2.0,3.0
has a napoleon complex,3.5,3.0
this guy luvs marketing majors, tests are ok as long as you study, do the research paper & you automatically get bumped up a letter grade, lots of extra cerdit opportunities, and gives curve after curve, will even look over your resume!,4.5,2.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
Willing to help students; Class might be hard but he makes it interesting.,5.0,3.0
He is one of the best profs ever. He made class very fun and his style of learning is out of this world. He is the best prof I have ever had and he doesn't even use any notes for teaching, which clearly proves how much he knows the subject. He is always willing to help and if you study hard, you will get exceptional results.,5.0,2.0
Traditional teacher who teaches very clearly. Tutorials give at the end of most lectures to reinforce material taught as stated below help tremendously. Multiple choice is actually hard for this course. He's a pretty nice person who wants to help.,4.0,3.0
He gives out tutorial questions immediately after teaching the material when it is fresh in our minds. This happens almost every class so we get plenty of practice. Rajinder is clearly very passionate about thermodynamics. Overall, exams are fair but the multiple choice can be brutal and requires thinking.,4.0,3.0
Only attend if you want to train your arm muscle because all you can see is a nerdy doing his own work while covering his writing all the time. In the middle of the course, the prof said we need to do a project so called a substitute of lecture. Seriously, I learn more from wikipedia than doing stupid useless project, and paper projects are useless,1.0,5.0
Exam is extremely hard. If you skip class, you won't pass.,3.0,5.0
This professor was really awesome. One of the best professors I've had in my academic career attending the University of Waterloo. 10/10 would recommend someone to take this course. His OCBD game is on point.,3.0,1.0
Bet most clear course I've taken. Examples, tutorials and assignments is relevant to the lecture taught. Practice makes perfect. I enjoyed being a little bit challenged in the course concepts with the confidence I'd completely understand after an example. Easy 100%'s in assignments, tutorials and high midterm grades.,5.0,2.0
Professor has a good understanding of his material. Is a good teacher. Willing to help you in his office even on weekends. Very enthusiastic about what he teaches. Stresses on memorizing core concepts so they are in the mind even when the course is done.,5.0,2.0
Awful professor. Accent is very hard to understand and he has no interested in helping students succeed. Content is easy but exams don't reflect material taught.,1.0,3.0
Amazing! Best prof.,5.0,3.0
Taught us both Thermodynamics and Heat and Mass Transfer and was by far one of the best profs we've had. It always amazed me that he didn't use any notes in class. No textbook wasn't a big deal because his notes and examples were so well done. The finals were a bit rough because it was multiple choice, just make sure you know your stuff!,4.5,4.0
Fantastic. Absolutely one of the best profs I've ever had. A "guiding light" in the study of thermodynamics. Hope he teaches me again. His exam was not difficult but not easy, 5 cheat pages allowed. His surprise quizzes are open notes and motivate you to attend class.,5.0,1.0
Not a very good prof. Teaches the entire course as a mechanical problem solving course and then tests you on theory on the final instead with true/false and multiple choice. The exam was not representative of what the entire term of course work actually was. Not willing to engage with students.,2.0,4.0
He is a good, clear lecturer. I found his examples too easy, and not representative of the exam. There's also no textbook, so although lectures are good you are in the dark for the exam. You can do well if you REALLY know your stuff and go to class. I didn't :S,3.5,3.0
Easily he is the best,5.0,1.0
Excellent lecturer and gives many good examples. However, does not help out much if you need to talk to him outside of class. Discourages out-of-class contact. Also, a fluid mechanics final exam with 88% of the marks multiple choice/T,F seems extreme. It is an indication of laziness.,2.5,4.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
This guy is rude. I think someone must let his smart head known that he lives in a civilized country and he is not a king.,2.5,3.0
Really knows what he is talking about and saves you money by not making you by a textbook. If you go to class and take good notes you will do really well in his class.,4.0,2.0
Kind of lazy,3.5,2.0
Maybe he used to be a prof, but he turned PSYCHO year I had him.He yelled at you for asking questions, and his exam was a killer.Think you need to do some yoga or something..,2.0,5.0
Amazing lecturer, but outside class wants nothing to do with his students.,3.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
best prof i've ever had,5.0,4.0
Best course i've ever taken! Very clearly taught!,4.5,3.0
Great notes, a joke on the midterms, but kills you on the final. Beware!,2.0,3.0
I HATE THERMODYNAMICS,2.0,5.0
Nice and helpful, good neat writing, good notes on board,5.0,2.0
Thermo-machine!!!!,4.5,3.0
very funny prof,4.0,3.0
Dont take her if you want to pass PMP.,1.0,5.0
I would avoid her at all costs, she doesn't care about the students success, bases her quizzes on stuff she doesn't teach during the lectures, and - in my opinion - is just collecting a paycheck for as long as she can make this grift last for her.,1.0,5.0
She is RIDICULOUS in literal sense. She does not want any of her students to pass. Worst teacher ever met in my whole life. DO NOT TAKE HER IF YOU WANT TO PASS.,1.0,5.0
Terrible professor. Stay away,1.0,5.0
Her lecture is literally reading ppts and it's waste of time. Tests and quizzes will include knowledge from textbook. she doesn't tell you to read the textbook. she uses auto grade system and refused to give partial marks. Had her for online and she earrapes our ears. one of the worst profs ever. Student's voices are not heard by Sheridan!,1.0,5.0
Her lecture is literally reading ppts, it's waste of time. Tests and quizs will include knowledge from textbook which WON'T BE MENTIONED INCLASS! Also she uses auto grade system and refused to give partial marks. She's RUDE! Just DON'T TAKE HER!,1.0,5.0
eww!! she is the worst professor ever to exist in human history, first, she gave the toughest exam and failed the whole class has 5 marks extra when students approached to pass bragged about the 5 marks and took them away.,1.0,5.0
Professor is unrealistic because she expects the Assignments to be done before the group contract is due and tests you on things not covered in her PowerPoint during class time. She has so many bad reviews because she is so terrible at teaching.,1.0,5.0
she is the most harshest prof ever I have ever taken so far. all I can say is don't in any circumstances take this prof if you want to stress yourself. You will have no clue what the assignment is talking about unless you listen to her lectures and attend every one of her classes. she won't even let me make up up for my test,1.0,5.0
She only reads, her classes are a waste of time. She does not listen to the students and does not give a clarification of the classes. She has a passive-aggressive attitude, she offends you and humiliates you if you make a mistake in private. She is a lousy teacher and person.,1.0,5.0
Sheridan has so many bad reviews because of professors like Anna Wachholz. She thinks that writing a lot (most of which is nonsense) makes her seem intelligent. Her presentations and feedback are like deciphering code because it is so messy, untidy and you have to wade through too much irrelevant text.,1.0,5.0
Professor is confusing because she is terrible at explaining, does not know how to make points clear and complicates topics.,1.0,5.0
Tests are horrible and covers material not taught in class. If you want to pass this course look for another prof. She blames students and doesnt seem to care when a good portion of the class fails a test.,1.0,5.0
She will test you on topics not addressed in class, grade her tests automatically, and refuse to allow you to view them when you ask. At all costs, stay away from this professor. She will give you a really harsh grade, and the exam will be extremely difficult.,1.0,5.0
Plagiarises student in a project where everyone does pretty much the exact same thing for the assignment. Run. Just RUN at all cost. If her course is required, go for the course in another campus. The traffic and everything may sound frustrating, but just being able to escape from this professor makes it absolutely worth it.,1.0,4.0
JUST DON'T,1.0,5.0
This terrible prof will make things very hard and unpleasing for students. She is rude in class, avoids students questions, Tests and quizzes are EXTREMELY DIFFICULT. She will test you on things that aren't covered in class and makes her tests auto graded and doesn't give option to view when asked. don't believe me? look through all her reviews.,1.0,5.0
To Sheridan, Why do you have terrible profs like Anna Wachholz. she make our life miserable and hard. She love fail every student and doesn't wants us to succeed in the future. She love to make everything hard for us. The harder we try, the more she lets us down. Thank you! Guys, use this letter to start a petition and add more if wanted.,1.0,4.0
She will make sure that you fail the course. She's the worst prof in Sheridan. She gave 80% of the class academic integrity for copying the textbook during the midterm exam. if you name isn't a white person name and if you asked a question, she will skip your question and will move on. She makes the course HARD and gives earrape during online clas,1.0,5.0
If over 70% of your class fails both the midterm and the exam You're doing something wrong as a professor - not "the students need to try harder and put more time into the course" If you can switch to a dif prof, SWITCH BEFORE YOU FAIL TLDR: Worst Prof ever, switch or fail.,1.0,5.0
So I failed the course,but here's where it gets weird, I got an A+ on every assignment - but the exams. She flat out doesnt teach you ANYTHING that is on the exam. she will test you on things that are never covered or are "not going to be on the exam"-IF YOU CAN HAVE A DIFFERENT PROFFESSOR >SWITCH TO THE OTHER ONE REGARDLESS< THIS PROF WILL FAIL U,1.0,5.0
I failed the course, she is one of the worst professors you can have. Her test/quizzes are the hardest things that you will ever write. Despite getting 100% on the assignments, I failed both the midterm and final. She doesn't cover half the stuff that she puts on the exams. Also added 4 chapters of another textbook to our final. AVOID IF POSSIBLE!,1.0,5.0
I don't know what her marking standard is. I did receive okay marks on assignments but I just really don't get her logic. For assignments, you just write as much as you can and make sure to email her at least a week before the due date to get some feedback. She gives feedback on assignments but not on previous tests/quizzes. Tests are brutal.,1.0,5.0
honestly, not a bad prof. her marking was quite fair on the projects and assignments. all you have to do is follow her guidelines exactly, and actually do the work. her tests on the other hand were horrible, she set them up to auto grade and wouldn't even give the option to review the tests after and run them by her.,3.0,4.0
Any one reading this, stay away from this proff at any cost. She will grade you so hard and the exam are crazy hard.,1.0,5.0
she was supposed to help student by giving more time in exam but no she don't think this is all new for all of us and should give more time in exams every other prof give atleast 3 hours but she gave 1 and half for more than 50 question which is hard for an average students. hate this prof,1.0,5.0
Never take her if you want to save your time and money,1.0,5.0
worst prof in my whole life,1.0,5.0
She will make sure that you fail the course. If you want to choose her then please don't.,1.0,5.0
horrible professor hate this prof,1.0,5.0
Worst professor ever. please don't choose her. she is a HORRIBLE prof.,1.0,5.0
toughest prof ever seen in my whole life,1.0,5.0
exams are terrible,1.0,5.0
terrible prof,1.0,5.0
The exams are brutal.,1.0,5.0
She's the worst prof in Sheridan. Avoid her at all costs she fails you even though did everything that was asked. Her feedback is complete lie.,1.0,5.0
I cannot just find words to describe how bad my experience has been. She plagiarises the assignments and doesn't have a proof. She fails the students saying they not good enough. But Ma'am if more than half of your class fails that means you not doing your job good enough. PLEASE! Sheridan management remove her from staff, listen to your students,1.0,5.0
Please avoid her.,1.0,5.0
Worst professor I ever took in my 3 years at Sheridan. She is extremely rude and unapproachable. She had lecture slides that were contradictory and she emphasized on reading the book - which turned out to be totally useless. She probably gets an orgasm when a student fails and that's what she tries to ensure with every student.,1.0,5.0
Very bad,1.0,5.0
WORST TEACHER AND VERY RUDE ALSO. She gives you plagiarism without any reason. She makes sure that she did her best to fail a student. I never see her smiling in our class.,1.0,5.0
Worst teacher i have ever seen in my life. She will make sure to fail the students in her class and she is very rude. she will never clear the doubts!,1.0,5.0
If you properly follow the instructions and do not copy anything you will easily get good grades, she takes effort to go through your assignment notes before one week of submission so make sure you have them and please ask anything you are not sure about. She prepare you for the real world.,4.0,4.0
Worst teacher i have ever taken in my program. Teaches something and test's on something else. stay clear of her,1.0,5.0
best ever,5.0,1.0
Good prof,5.0,4.0
Bad Marking, hard to get marks, alot alot of work to do. 100MC on final exam. WHO EVER TAKE THIS TEACHER. GOOD LUCK.,1.0,5.0
Too demanding... Obviously the ideal situation is an appropriate balance between warmth and demanding. In that situation the student is more likely to respond by doing their best.,3.0,5.0
Drop all courses related to her or swap this teacher,1.0,5.0
Just study the book and do what she says so that you'll get good grades.,1.0,5.0
Drop her course... now... before it's too late.,1.0,5.0
If you want fail, here is a hint, take her class. She extremely unwelcoming and unwilling to accommodate you. She does not explain things properly. She regurgitates information back to you and that is it. Avoid at all cost.,1.0,5.0
Aside from the fact that she looks like Donald Trump, she is the worst prof in Sheridan. She doesn't know what she's doing.,1.0,5.0
Very tough teacher. Was not able to understand anything.,1.0,5.0
UML - Complete waste of time. Would have been tolerable if Anna had a clear marking scheme. Almost everyone failed the first assignment. She had posted another instructor's grading criteria for the assignment, then graded using her own. Not helpful, not clear, unfair and a waste of my timemoney.,1.0,5.0
Worst ever lecturer. Doesn't know what to teach. Very intentional to fail students,1.5,5.0
Best Professor Ever, She is very TOUGH but creates winners in life, Thanks Anna.,5.0,4.0
She assumes that we remember everything from other classes and when she gives assignments there is no explanation on how to do the assignment in the assignment it just says do this. Also she is not very clear when speaking and explaining concepts.,1.0,5.0
She has no idea what she's doing but is good at acting like she does. Doesn't even review her material before coming to class. Not helpful, not organized, overall disatisfied.,1.5,1.0
hated this class,2.0,5.0
not helpful,1.0,5.0
Very boring, Very rigid, always angry in the class, does not know but she is talking (But she think she is very intelligent ---ha-ha ),2.0,4.0
Excellent Teacher, I LOVE YOU ANNA!!!,5.0,5.0
There is no use of this course if Anna is your teacher. very bore,1.0,5.0
Damn it, she blocked all her students from her e-mail list. E-mail me back. Its been months.,2.0,3.0
Wicked teacher. Can't wait to start next semester with her,2.0,3.0
No Comments,1.5,1.0
IS ALL ABOUT BUBBLE LETTERS!!!!!!! HE IS AWSOME!!!!!!!!,5.0,1.0
oo man this teacher was awesome!! explained things really well, and overall made enjoying Programming Logic possible. luved the orangutang reference for order of operations for boolean expressions. UUU AAAAAA!!!,5.0,3.0
Ted is a very bad teacher. He's not helpful at all. He doesn't care about those falling behind in class. I don't like the way he teaches.,1.5,5.0
can't teach for life,1.0,5.0
Great teacher, stays and helps on free time, makes sure everyone is at the same pace before moving on. A++,5.0,1.0
Great guy, know the material inside and out and is not a freak like most java programmers are.,4.0,4.0
No Comments,2.0,2.0
i tried real hard in his class..alwasy showed up and still faild..there were 13 people in the class 3 passed! this was the smester that just passed! september 2005,4.0,4.0
Well planned lessons in VB (he wrote the book) Lessons in Java were ok and somewhat straight forward. Very clear teacher and trys at jokes, can be unhelpful/rude sometimes. But otherwirse a good teacher.,4.0,2.0
Funny, friendly, good teacher.,4.5,3.0
Very rude and condescending! Not approachable at all!,1.0,5.0
Funny guy, teaches well although he can get a bit longwinded. He is willing to spend with you to fix an issue.,5.0,3.0
best programming teacher i everhad. knew how to get the point across,5.0,4.0
He is extremely rude, likes to see his students fail. His entire mission in life is to make students' lives miserable. Very Sadistic!,1.0,5.0
He's rude and not willing to help anyone. Should not be teaching.,1.0,5.0
Ted is the *edit*ing man,5.0,4.0
Very Cool, I had him the the summer started with alot of jokes to break the ice, I would love to have him again. GO TED,5.0,1.0
Great teacher to have! helpful and understanding... i'd love to have him again.,4.5,2.0
A smart and funny teacher.,4.0,3.0
too many jokes but very cool,4.5,1.0
Great teacher. Makes the class fun, and interesting. Cracks alot of jokes. Very clear, explains everything more than once in different ways to ensure you understand. Best teacher i've ever had.,5.0,3.0
great teacher .... cares but doesn't,5.0,3.0
Amazing teacher, extra helpful.,5.0,1.0
Coolest teacher ... very helpful and really jokes,5.0,1.0
Best teacher ever.,5.0,2.0
Best TEach,5.0,1.0
l,2.5,4.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
lids down, off the network, granne..., golf!! thats what he says all class long,1.0,5.0
man! he should be fired !!!ASAP!!!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,5.0
Why is he still teaching?,1.0,5.0
HE'S A SEXY *****!!!,3.5,1.0
He should be fired!,1.0,5.0
He stopped reading the comments from here, that's no fun... :(,4.0,2.0
He tries to teach his students, but who will teach the teacher?,1.0,1.0
Being in his class makes me envy the hearing impaired...,2.5,2.0
His programming book isn't worth the paper it's printed on.,2.5,2.0
He WOULD be a good teacher if he wasn't always whining "lids down". =),4.0,3.0
My gramma's a better programmer than he is!!,3.0,2.0
Suffers from verbal diarrhea.,4.0,2.0
Great teacher! Very willing to help students who help themselves!,5.0,3.0
Ted is extremely dedicated to teaching students,5.0,2.0
good Teacher but bad jokes, no offence man,5.0,2.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
can you say ****,1.0,5.0
You have to know java to learn from Ted. He doesn't refer to book.,1.5,4.0
Not a stady flow on subject; Not may exmaples,not much feed back onExer,Assig,1.5,4.0
Good teacher, takes his time (Sometimes too much time) helping problem students.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,3.0,1.0
No Comments,4.5,1.0
spend smore time talking , then teaching. Teaches 2 ways, his way and his way,1.0,5.0
Should have laid down the law when it came to cheaters,4.5,2.0
He writes a good textbook, hasnt taught me yet in person.,5.0,1.0
Extreemly demanding, gives challenges, explicit and clear in curriculum,5.0,2.0
all he wants to do is make things difficult.. what is he talking about,1.0,5.0
More interested in hearing himself talk than actually teaching us,3.0,2.0
talks about his daughter to much.,1.0,5.0
His lessions have nothing to do with the text book. Thanks a lot,1.0,5.0
awful teacher, I don't think he knows what is doing sometimes,1.0,5.0
Funny dude. I understood what he was saying very well!,4.5,1.0
Very FUnny, Knows how to teach.,4.5,5.0
He is awful to understand, and his jokes are NOT funny,1.0,5.0
Easy to understand. Makes too many analogies. Funny.,4.0,2.0
makes our life misarable for no reason.,1.5,3.0
The *BEST* teacher I've ever had. Keep up the GREAT work Ted!,5.0,3.0
Best prof in Chem Eng Department,5.0,3.0
VERY hard exams. As hard as Ioannidis in my opinion. But great lecturer and very nice person.,4.0,4.0
Students have to buy the notes and grades were pretty low. Exams were beyond assignments and notes.,1.0,2.0
He is likely to help. Course content is easy but plenty of things to memory. He is a very tough grader. Do not think about getting an A.,4.0,4.0
cool,5.0,1.0
Best Professor in Chemical Engineering department,5.0,2.0
Best prof in the UW chem eng dept..very approachable, nice person, good oral presentation of material, exams make you think, but are fair.,4.5,4.0
The best course I've ever taken! A fantastic prof and a great subject. He really helps his students, makes the subject interesting, and his exams are fair.,5.0,3.0
,2.0,4.0
great prof,5.0,2.0
One of the best profs I had. Very thorough, excellent notes, challenging but fair exams. His students are his priority.,4.5,3.0
The best prof you will ever have!!! Always willing to help, exams challenging, but fair.,5.0,3.0
Best teacher I've had here. Fair exams and evaluations. Loves to teach and help his students and listens to them. Extremely enthusiastic.,5.0,3.0
great prof, very detailed in teaching and grading,5.0,3.0
Great Prof. Great for extra help and very friendly.,4.5,3.0
love that 'fro!,5.0,3.0
he's pretty cool...and isn't monotoneous,4.5,3.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
Great prof, but a little too wordy sometimes,3.5,4.0
Likes his job,5.0,3.0
Simply the best...always available for extra help. Only if he is in the 20s....,5.0,2.0
Gets to know the students,4.5,2.0
great prof! very easy to talk to, can tell he loves what he does!,4.5,3.0
One of the best profs i had,5.0,4.0
Great Prof,5.0,4.0
Makes no sense. Rips through all lecture slides extremely fast. Lecture slides are garbage and aren't put together properly. Has secret information in all of his assignments that you're somehow expected to know.,1.0,5.0
Material builds strongly on what is already learned in ChE 360, ChE 211 and ChE 231. Very straightforward assignments, exams reflect course material well. Costas is a great help in class, and always willing to help outside of class.,4.5,3.0
Great Professor. I had this guy for fluid mechanics, and he was a lot of fun. Always cracking jokes in class, and he was always available after class to help you with difficult concepts. Exams were very straight forward.,5.0,2.0
One of the worst professors I have ever had. Majority of material on final was presented in last two lectures, yet the exam went far beyond. Made it two 5 of 12 lectures after Midterm and did not show up to final exam.,1.5,3.0
As a lecturer, he is great. However, watch out for his final exams. They can be brutal. Stay on top of things right from the beginning or else you may end up feeling that studying was pointless.,3.5,4.0
too hard, too much work... for nothing,1.0,5.0
A great Prof.,5.0,5.0
Don't bother studying because the material on the exams are far beyond anything you learned. Doesn't know how to write exams. Teaching is OK and class is interesting.,1.5,5.0
Teaches hard courses well,4.5,4.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
A perfect prof!,5.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
Transfer courses... hard... prof... good.,5.0,5.0
Great prof, knows how to teach and a fair marker.,4.5,4.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
T. Zog is Da Bomb,4.5,3.0
Cranky, arbitrary, and banal. Plays favourites, hostile to diffrent approaches to the material, and is clearly watching the clock until retirement. In short, the definition of mediocrity.,2.0,4.0
BEING NICE DOESNT MAKE YOU A GOOD PROFESSOR! This guy is a hard marker, and he never teaches you anything! Classes are irrelevent and attending lectures is useless for the exams and the papers. He gives no direction. . . He talked more abou the davinci code than any of the works that were actually on the sylabus!,1.0,4.0
Oh my, this man is like a cartoon! Haha, he is all over the place. I didn't exactly dislike his class, he strongly encouraged class discussion which was fun but we never heard what he had to say. Lectures were usually irrelevant, he talked a whole class about a rocking chair! He was a very hard marker, and never specified on what it was he wanted.,2.0,5.0
BEST PROF EVER!!!,5.0,1.0
Man was this guy a good teacher. Definitely from a different generation, but at the same time also understood the modern part of American Literature that University students should be reading. I forgot the course code but it's a year long course, and it's highly recommended.,5.0,2.0
I really enjoyed this class. Professor Stich is a bit out there, but really nice and an easy marker.,4.5,2.0
Great professor and very open minded! I highly recommend him :),5.0,1.0
He's nice and believes in what he's teaching, but the exam and test questions were too broad.,3.5,4.0
i like prof. stich because of the laid-back lecture style. it is more of a class discussion, which allows for many opinions versus a strictly lecture-based class. however, it is hard to take notes since the texts are not discussed in detail. he's a great guy who has a good rapport with the class.,3.5,2.0
Great class, funny and super nice teacher. If you don't get his jokes, maybe you're just not paying attention or don't get it!,5.0,2.0
Absolute worst prof I've ever had. Lectures were awful. If you're interested in, say, English rather than what colour of covers a book's various editions have had, don't take a class taught by him.,2.0,3.0
I like: he is very very nice and helpful in person,interested in your opinion. I don't like: choice of novels, and the lectures are disorganized and hard to understand. But he's definitely smart and kind:),3.0,2.0
Worst Prof. I have ever had! He does laugh at his own jokes, and seems to enjoy looking at the meaning for EACH word of a text!,1.0,4.0
Very nice guy, who makes a lot of jokes only he gets and brings in stuff for you to look at that really has nothing to do with what you are studying. He tends to go off topic, but in a nice way.,3.0,2.0
Great marker, fairly light course load,4.0,2.0
Very approachable, open-minded to varied opinions. Has a tendency to go off topic.,3.5,1.0
The class got really into discussions and he seemd to have a very good rapport with pretty much everyone. Workload was great. His lectures sometimes were a bit unclear though.,3.5,2.0
incredibly dull class, laughs at his own jokes, but overall, decent guy,2.5,3.0
actually likes it when students have their own ideas (the novelty!),4.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
"So, whaddya wanna do with this book?",3.0,1.0
terrible. has no notes, makes it up as he goes along. no useful information.,1.0,3.0
Nice guy,3.5,1.0
*very* boring,2.0,1.0
If English is your second language, I highly recommend you avoid him. Even if you have decent ideas in your work, without accurate expressions, you will only earn a satisfactory grade. All the exams are live. He will not lower the grading standard because it is a live exam. He evaluates students only based on midterm, paper and the final.,2.0,4.0
Not clear on what his expectations are and exceptionally vague with conveying content,2.0,3.0
Im not the kind of person who usually says this and I dont mean to be disrespectful, but I strongly recommend avoiding this prof! He mumbles, he doesnt answer questions clearly, and hes a tough/unclear grader. Very nice man and super knowledgeable, but this was one of the worst classes Ive had at uOttawa!,1.0,4.0
A gem, had a class with him before and wanted to have him again! He is knowledgeable and kind, super willing to help and really interested to hear what his students had to say. Course material is dry, no denying that, but his excitement was infectious. Attendance isn't mandatory but he takes it anyway. Read what you can! Office hours are a must!,5.0,3.0
He is a very kind professor, it is easy to tell that he wants every student to pass. He went out of his way to remember everyones names. If he knows your name, he may call you out to answer a question! However, he won't make you answer. We read 8 novels; almost one a week. LOTS of reading. The books were interesting though! He is a very fair grader,4.0,2.0
Save your time -- this teacher likes the sound of his own voice. Tiresome, but astounded at how this guy takes fun material and dulls it, chews on it without tasting a thing, it seems. As tedious as a twice told tale.,1.0,2.0
Really cares about his students and is always accessible to see them outside of lectures. His lectures are fairly dry, but he gives interesting input on the material. Not a very work-heavy class, with the typical syllabus of one midterm, two essays and a final. Overall, a decent prof.,2.0,3.0
Probably the best prof I've ever had. Fair grader, the content is really awesome. You can tell he cares a lot about his students. Highly recommend him if you're looking into getting into english or just if you're just taking an english course in general.,5.0,3.0
Rampton is an amazing professor. He is so knowledgeable of every text to the point where he's practically memorized the readings altogether. He helped me through bad grades to good grades and he should be known as one of the best english professors. Hands down would only take him for classes if I could.,5.0,4.0
He's the type of professor that wants his students to pass. The exams mostly consist of being able to apply what you read during the semester, and mostly focuses on the content of the works rather than any subtext. He is an easy marker when it comes to exams, and is fair when it comes to essays. The quizes are an automatic 100% if do the readings.,5.0,2.0
It isn't necessarily the easiest American Lit class, and surely there are profs that will mark easier if you're just in it for the easy grades, but Rampton is brilliant. His lectures are enticing and he focuses on overarching themes and things of interest to show the value of studying American Lit on a greater level than just reading books. 1010,5.0,3.0
David Rampton is hands down the best prof I've had at uOttawa. He's so down to earth, loves the material he's teaching and is over all such a kind hearted person. The reading list could seem heavy and his lectures may be a little dry if you're not in to the subject, but he's always available for extra help and really cares about his students.,4.5,3.0
Great prof! Very helpful and made me love english literature. Definitely the best professor I have had in my first year.,5.0,3.0
I took his course a very long time ago. By far the best teacher I had at Ottawa U.,5.0,3.0
Rampton's American Lit class was a long one (full year!) with a LOT of reading material, but he explained it well and I learned a lot from his class. Kind of quiet and slow paced at times but overall pretty good.,5.0,2.0
Rampton's lectures got me excited about American literature. He is a fair marker who rewards hard-working students and he is extremely passionate about literature. Watch out for being called out in class to answer and analyze works!,3.5,3.0
Rampton is an awesome Prof; there are a lot of comments here about his marking, but if you're ever having trouble in his class, Rampton is incredibly helpful. He'll walking you through anything and let you know exactly what he's looking for. He's also incredibly passionate about his teaching. Would definitely take a class with him again!,5.0,3.0
Amazing professor. He's actually interested in his students, and really wants to help you learn. He knows your name and is always making himself available for help outside of class. He's very passionate about what he teaches, and focuses on the details. Not the easiest marker, but totally worth it.,5.0,3.0
GREAT PROF! Super helpful and encouraging. Lectures are clear. He does things the old fashioned way so no powerpoint. Fair marker. There's a lot of reading and it's often difficult so this is definitely not a bird course. Rewarding class if you work at it.,5.0,3.0
Excellent professor. His lectures are engaging, he loves class participation and as an earlier reviewer pointed out, he swings on the coat racks when he's listening to students speak. Priceless. Nice guy, good professor, average marker. Highly recommended.,4.5,3.0
Nice guy. He speaks a bit fast so you have to be quick at writing notes. Very open-minded, clear about his expectations.However, he is a harsh marker. His major essay is super long. I wouldn't take him again unless I had no choice.,4.0,3.0
This prof. is one of the best I have ever had. He is passionate about English and encourages students to become passionate about it as well, by allowing them to express their personal interpretations of the works. I would highly recommend him.,5.0,3.0
A very good pof for sure. He cares about how you interpret lit instead of just him taking about what he thinks it means. Very open minded to diff views on readings, understanding, helpful, funny. A definate top rated prof for me! Reasonable and flexible marker. YOu get what u deserve. Nothing more, nothing less.,4.5,3.0
LOVEE HIM! He is the first prof that I have had that has done things a bit differently. He wants to hear what you have to say, and wants to read your stuff... doesn't want you to just repeat what everyone else has said already. He makes his papers/exams a bit different from the usual. He is so passionate, you can tell that he just adores lit. CUTE!,5.0,4.0
Prof. Rampton has changed my life. He is very open to questions, and is one of those few professors who can not only teach passionately, but has a great awareness and an awesome ability to find what is good in a person--and help them bring it out.,4.5,3.0
Total cutie. Had him 5 years ago and was extremely helpful with extra time during office hours. Very passionate and made me adore American Lit. (and him!),5.0,4.0
He encourages his students to submit writing to him so that he can critique it. I highly suggest taking him up on his offer. He learns your name, writing style, and abilities - and he NEVER forgets!!! The man is a genius.,5.0,3.0
This is the best, most awesome teacher you could ever have. He is a total genius. I work my course schedules around him. Amazing!,5.0,3.0
Desperately wants someone to understand the heart of what he's teaching and jump on in and chat with him. Not into passive note-takers. Does use big words. Passionate about his subject matter. Very fair and decent.,4.0,4.0
I am an A student,4.0,4.0
Deserves pomotion to chair of Department but has left a substantial pedagogical void.,5.0,4.0
The newbies at U of O are at a great disadvantage by not having the opportunity to be touched by this amazing prof. Stellar, stellar, stellar! Ought to be nominated for Prof of the Year.,5.0,3.0
The most amazing prof in the department. Come back to the classroom, we need you!,5.0,4.0
Extremely cute prof. He swings on the hooks for the coat racks when he listens to their opinions in class. Very open to new ideas. Amazing prof, but a bit of a tough marker. Get a dictionary for his class. He uses big words.,4.5,4.0
Challenging but extremely interesting and intelligent! Also very helpful.,5.0,3.0
An extremely intelligent prof who wants to be there and wants to help you out,4.5,3.0
Awesome prof. Everyone should take his Am. Lit.,5.0,3.0
the best prof at ottawa u...,5.0,3.0
Def the best prof I've had at this school so far, hands down.,5.0,3.0
The bomb English teacher, and very cool and fun... and Hells yeah, sexy!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
She is the best professor I had. Her lectures are so interesting, not only for grades but also for real life. You learn things that will help you become a better human being. Showing up wasn't even a burden. She is so passionate about what she teaches, she is actually the one who triggered my desire to pursue my studies in human sexuality.,5.0,4.0
Peggy is genuinely one of the best people I've ever met. She doesn't e-mail or use slides but she has a disability that makes it very hard for her to type so please don't think it's because she's being mean. She's the epitome of career goals- anyone who thinks her views aren't backed up by research is crazy. She's INCREDIBLY knowledgeable!,5.0,3.0
Amazing prof, the best I've had at uO. There are no electronics/posted notes so be prepared to take your own, and she expects class participation. Really interesting lecturer and tells you information you actually care about. Midterms aren't hard at all if you do the readings. Easily accessible after class and cares about her students. 10/10.,5.0,2.0
Doctor Peggy is the best prof I've ever had in psych so far and I've been here at U ottawa for five years. She's really kind. I was sick for some weeks and I went to talk to her about it with my doctor's note. And she was so understanding and genuinely caring. Her lectures are also very fun, made 3 hr lecture a breeze. If you can, take her course!,5.0,4.0
She is the best prof I have ever had. I missed her as soon as the last class of the semester was over. Every student would be lucky to be taught by such a caring, respected and extraordinary teacher like Peggy. I will never forget her and the way she changed my life during this class. She truly is an inspiration and I'm so lucky to know her.,5.0,3.0
Peggy is a truly remarkable teacher. She stands out amongst the many lacklustre professors out there. She cares about her students, and clearly loves what she is doing. I luckily got to take two classes with her, both Human Sexuality classes, and they were some of the best courses I have taken in University. Should be mandatory for everyone!,5.0,3.0
I enjoyed PSY3122 with Peggy, however I wouldn't recommend it if you're looking for an easy A+. Interesting lectures, lots of group discussions. The exams were fair, but the markings were not, I got points deducted for adding extra information. The final had a lot of random MCQ that were extremely specific/not found in the coursepack.,3.0,3.0
The most relevant psychology class I have taken so far. I learned so much! No laptops, no slides in her class so get prepared to take notes (doable for me as a non native speaker). Prepares you very well for the exams. Encourages class discussion. Very approachable even outside class hours. Take this class if you get the chance!!!,5.0,3.0
The best class I've ever taken. NO COMPUTERS though at all allowed in class. She also gives you a general idea of what are going to be on exams as questions. Midterm 40% + final 60% (option to do a research paper to divy up the grading a bit). Learned so much about my health and changed me for the better. Do the readings for mc part of exams (15pts,5.0,3.0
She is AMAZING. Hands down my favourite professor at UOttawa. She is so knowledgeable and is willing to answer your questions all day every day. I actually looked forward to her class every week. She conveys material that is actually useful in real life and does't sugar coat anything. It's great. Also, she is hilarious. Very approachable.,5.0,4.0
Peggy was AMAZING. I'm in 4th year and this is by far my favourite professor to date, and I've had many. You won't do well if you don't show up to class or do the readings. I had her in a 7-10 block, I almost wished her classes were longer. She is so knowledgeable and makes it fun. Write down every word she says, study it, and you'll do well.,5.0,4.0
Keep your own views out of science. or better yet, take the science out of social science, and call it social studies. The prof took it upon her to ensure, only what she wanted taught to the class was taught, many contradicting studies were ignored, and Socialism and Feminism is a VIEW not SCIENCE and thus should be kept out of University courses.,1.0,1.0
INCREDIBLE prof. Truly a gem. She gave my class her personal phone number in case we needed help on understanding concepts. So passionate about her work and very involved with the students. There's something about her that differentiates her from all other profs at University of Ottawa, I can't quite explain it. Just incredible.,5.0,4.0
Peggy is an amazing prof who cares a lot about her students. The material itself is interesting and Peggy's lecturing and personality make it that much more enjoyable. Students basically make up the exam questions - no surprises. I did most of the readings but material is covered thoroughly in class. You have to work for your A. Best class and prof,5.0,3.0
She is by far the best professor I've ever had. She is funny, understanding, knowledgeable, and interested in what you've got to offer. 10/10.,5.0,3.0
An amazing teacher, available for her students regardless if it's related to the class or advice. She is funny, compassionate and inspiring! I would take a class with her anytime.,5.0,1.0
My favorite class so far -- Peggy will change your life! Super knowledgeable, although she is very specific on tests. She clearly wants to help students (gives exact midterm/exam questions beforehand), and always conveys the subject matter in an interesting way. You will learn a lot from this woman.,4.0,4.0
An inspirational, kind, funny, and knowledgeable professor, Dr. Kleinplatz will capture you from the first lecture to the last. The content of the course was extremely interesting and relevant. Tests and papers are not graded easily, but it is completely worth it, as this woman will change your life.,4.5,4.0
Very interesting course material. Prof is clear with what she expects from students, and is always willing to help. Must do readings in order to do well. Does not let students use any technology for this course which makes it easier to actually learn without distraction. 100% would recommend this class.,4.0,4.0
Best prof I've taken. Super interesting readings (from a course pack). Midterm and final are a combination of M/C and long answer, make sure you do the readings for the M/C and combine info from the lectures and the book for long answers (she gives them to you in advance). 3 hour lectures go by in a flash. Extremely caring prof.,5.0,2.0
best prof at u of O. she's caring, knowledgeable and teaches things that actually matter.,5.0,2.0
You would be wise to avoid her at all costs, especially if you are gunning for an A+ (ain't never gonna happen, booboo).,1.0,5.0
AMAZING prof, make sure to do the readings though, and study the readings well because there will be MC q's on them on the midterm and exam. Attend all the lectures, she's fantastic.,5.0,3.0
Peggy is such a kind professor and an even more generous human, her classes are SO interesting that you actually look forward to going to the classes. Definitely the best qualified person to be teaching the class. Exams are super easy and straight forward as long as you attend class. Loved the class and definitely taking her classes again :),5.0,2.0
Hands down one of the best professors at uOttawa.,4.5,4.0
Hands down, best prof at uottawa.,5.0,1.0
She doesn't use blackboard or any slides; she literally just lectures the entire class. Participation is important, but not graded. She keeps things very interesting; easily one of my favourite uOttawa profs,5.0,2.0
Teaches through a more narrative form of lecture, and it is captivating. She really knows the material, and can make it relatable to everyone. Has studied with the famous Master and Johnson. This course fills up super fast, and is nearly impossible to get into with her.,5.0,4.0
cutest and best prof out there. she is down to earth and wants you to succeed. go in with an open mind because she will shock you. i love her and wish to take another class with her. you'll learn so much,4.0,3.0
Very interesting professor and clearly explains anything you want to know about sex. The MC is a bit "piddly" and she does bell curve b/c of faculty rules. However, this is a great class to go to and the readings were interesting, definitely engaging! It's not a bird course though.,4.0,3.0
She is very informative and helpful, though you can't contact her by email, only by phone call. Always available in class to answer your questions. The class itself is really interesting. Be prepared to get bell curved hard on the final exam as she is one of those profs. Your final mark will definitely be lower than it actually should be.,4.0,5.0
REALLY interesting course. I definitely learned a lot. Only one midterm and an exam (and an optional paper). The exams were very short, and mostly based on essay questions (which were created by the class, so no surprises). Only a couple multiple choice questions on the exams were from the textbook (but they were super obscure questions).,4.0,4.0
Absolutely amazing prof and class! I would recommend this class to everyone - probably the best I've had and you get so much out of it. You have to attend class and be sure to do readings. Overall, super fun class to take and it is easy as long as you take note of discussions and focus on given exam questions!,5.0,2.0
Very knowledgeable professor. However, expectations were unclear with regards to midterm and final. Contradicted the textbook (of which she was an editor of), yet emphasized that we should read it. Lectures were difficult to follow.,2.5,4.0
Super interesting but she expects ALOT from her students...,4.0,5.0
She really is an incredible lecturer. Very intelligent and caring towards the students. A very friendly and open environment for such a taboo subject. Course is 1 midterm and a noncumulitive final exam. Material is both from lecture and textbook. Interesting material. Great class.,5.0,2.0
Best prof I've ever had in my life.,5.0,2.0
Fabulous prof!! Take one of her classes at some point. It is worth it. You learn so much and class is interesting and fun. Tests are challenging but fair.,5.0,4.0
Great Prof! Loved all the classes, took a lot away from them. Try and get into her Advanced Human Sexual Behaviour class, very interesting.,5.0,3.0
The professor is highly stimulating and knows her material well, however she often teaches in class things that are highly influenced by her own opinion regardless of whether there is enough research to support it or not.,2.5,3.0
Excellent professor. She is so caring and passionate about what she teaches, and easy to contact if you ever need help or have any questions. She knows her material very well, and you leave her class with useful information that you will use and apply in your life. Really wants you to take something out of her class :),5.0,1.0
Excellent Prof! The best I've had at Ottawa U. Thought provoking, useful and interesting lectures. Open minded prof and is always willing to help her students.,5.0,3.0
Always available for extra help. Very interactive classroom setting.,4.5,4.0
Very nice, extremely knowledgeable in the subject. Can and will answer any questions you have. not exactly a bird course per se, but definitely a great elective. I Recommend!,5.0,3.0
Probably the BEST professor I've had! Amazingly intelligent! Has a wonderful sense of humor, and cares about her students VERY much (lets students call her anytime if they are in a crisis and need to talk to someone, and also answers students' personal anonymous questions at the end of classes). Really, she goes above and beyond the call of duty!,5.0,3.0
One of the best profs I have met so far. She really knows her stuff, and goes beyond the call of duty by not only teaching the material, but offering the class very helpful tips and advice for everyday practical situations. She has an amazing sense of humor as well.,5.0,4.0
I love Peggy but was extremely disappointed with 4122. I loved taking 3122 with her but I do not recommend taking 4122.,3.5,3.0
I was really not a fan of her teaching style. Too "in your face" for my taste.,1.0,5.0
Very knowledgable. I could listen to her talk all day and retain every last word. Some criticisms: Let's the class ramble on about personal stories too long, which detracts the class from her, which is a shame. Her marking of short answer questions on exams is unpredictable, so be cautious with that.,5.0,4.0
One of the best professors I have ever had. Class was 7-10 Monday nights, but skipping a class will never cross your mind. Peggy's teaching style is different than most profs, she gets discussion going and teaches purely from lecture and is riveting. HIGHLY RECOMMEND you take her class.,5.0,3.0
Absolutely amazing! She's very smart and gives many many good tips in class. I've learned a lot to apply to my overall life rather than just school smarts! EXCELLENT! HIGHLY RECOMENDED,5.0,3.0
She was very engaging, humourous, knowledgeable and spontaneous. Never a dull moment and a highly academic course. I learned alot in this course. She is also very passionate so it is always a pleasure to attend lectures.,4.5,4.0
PSY3122. Peggy is a very charismatic prof. If you miss even one class you'll kick yourself for missing out on some great stuff. However, her accuracy is often suspect in favor of her bullish adherence to political correctness. If you want the truth you'll have to read in between the lines. Class is also heavily skewed towards female audience.,5.0,2.0
I wish Peggy taught every class at Ottawa you. She is extremely intelligent, and treats her students as intelligent individuals as well. Her lectures are interesting and she has the perfect balance between seriousness and humour. Best class I have EVER taken in my 3 years at uottawa.,5.0,4.0
Human Sexual Behaviour. Wonderful class, amazing professor. She's fair and kind and always very available to her students. Do not however expect this class to be a bird course. You must attend and pay attention to do well.,5.0,4.0
If you take this class, take it ONLY with this prof. She is really an amazing person, always available to talk, genuinely respectful of and interested in students. She encourages critical thought and engaging discussions, not just regurgitating material. An inspiration!!,5.0,2.0
Human Sexual Behaviour with Peggy. Best class I have ever taken in my entire life. She made this class the best experience of my university years. You are stupid not to go to class. 1. She is amazing. 2. Topics are amazing 3.She will ask you questions on the exam about what is taught in class + the text book. Slackers shouldn't take this class.,4.5,4.0
AWESOME PROF. She will teach you things you did not expect to learn, and she will treat you like an intelligent human.,5.0,3.0
SUCH an INSPIRATION. Amazing woman, wonderful professor. She inspired me to go into research in psychology. I took this course more than 3 years ago and I still remember it well. One of the best courses in my uni career, incl. from my graduate courses! Study well, you can easily get an A+ if you enjoy what you're learning. :) LOVE YA PEGGY!!!,5.0,2.0
So much fun! Loved her class, sat in the front row this summer and learned so much! If you actually pay attention and UNDERSTAND what is being discussed.. you will do awesome. Loved her!,5.0,2.0
Great Class, she knows things ;),4.0,4.0
Best prof ever and I have had a lot. She is clear, and she cares. She makes you think not just accept. Her class was the last 3 hours of 4 1/2 hours in the same lecture hall and I never cared.,5.0,2.0
This is a great class; learned a lot and attended every single one without having to push myself. The prof is clear and extremely approachable.,5.0,3.0
It's a good class but her exams are tricky. She wants like detailed explanations for everything, even when you think you've explained, do yourself a favour and explain more. The class is super interesting and informative and she is open to ANY topic of discussion.,4.5,4.0
I took this class more than 10 years ago and it was by far one of the best classes I took at University and it appears from all the more recent positive posts that she hasn't changed. I highly recommend this course to everyone!,5.0,4.0
Great. Precise. Open to discussion. Genuinely interested in our thoughts, ideas and opinions regarding sexuality. Lectures are thoroughly reflected on exams/final. Attendance is mandatory to do well, and isn't painful! Understanding of spec needs for paper deadlines. Great course, great prof.,5.0,3.0
Great sense of humour. Very intelligent. Exams are slightly difficuly. Make sure you attend all classes.,4.5,3.0
YOU ROCK!,5.0,2.0
She's a great prof! lets people call her anytime to ask questions or talk about stuff. she's really open to talk about anything with her students. definitely does get off topic sometimes during class. ask her to talk about hot sex, she could go on about it for hours!,5.0,2.0
Sexual behaviour is an interesting course. her exams can be tricky though.,3.5,3.0
Favourite class I've taken in uni. so far. She is witty and intelligent. Her exams are a cinch - attend all the lectures, and you should know the essay topics. Read all the chapters, and the multiple choice is easy. Only flaw I saw: sometimes the class discussions get out of hand and off-topic. If you take this class, take it with Kleinplatz!,5.0,1.0
Prof. Kleinplatz's approach to the subject is the perfect balance of humor and seriousness. I enjoyed every minute of every class. I found her to be so inspirational. Her exams were slightly difficult, so pay attention to detail!,4.5,3.0
Overrated, she's good, but nothing special. Her midterm is insanely detailed. Interesting class though,4.0,4.0
Great prof! Material covered is really interesting and she teaches it in a very effective manner. The multiple choice on the midterm was a challenge, but other than that, no complaints. You will love this class!,4.5,3.0
OMG need to take this class with Peggy. She keeps you hooked right from the beginning and you have an optional paper/critique. Exams are fair, but you need to study the fine details to get through the 1st midterm. I definetely reccomend this class, you will have a blast.,4.5,3.0
OMFG she is by far the best possible prof for this subject matter.,5.0,3.0
This prof rocks! She knows her stuff and knows how to communicated it well!,5.0,3.0
Yeh....you sooooo need to take this class. And Prof. Kleinplatz, if ur reading this, you ROCK!!!!!!!!,5.0,3.0
This class was amazing! She hooks her students from the first lecture! I am a phys ed teacher and every year during Sex Ed. I used information she passed on!!! This was for sure one of the most worth while courses I ever took in University! Great guest speakers too!!!,4.5,3.0
Course material is pretty easy, but she finds a way to make some things REALLY confusing. Don't take it in one 3 hour..it's painful. Midterms aren't easy, but not terrible,2.5,3.0
The Best Class I Have Ever Taken in University. The Prof is What Makes the Course so Incredible!!!,5.0,3.0
This class is awesome because she is so open to speaking and letting others speak. She makes this class so you can do well too. Great prof.,5.0,2.0
really great professor, super helpful - but there is no organization to this class, so expect to be surprised on the tests - do well on test 1 and u are set.,4.5,3.0
Most helpful,caring prof ever! Very interactive class and you learn interesting facts. Just listen to the major discusions in class and match those with the book, and you will know whats on the exam.,5.0,4.0
Definetly a great class, the marking was more difficult then expected. For those thinking about taking the class, I would highly recommend doing the optional essay. She certainly cares about her students! Very interesting course!,4.5,3.0
Brought to light many issues I would not have considered. A must-take course with an excellent prof. No other prof is as readily available to speak to as she is. She has great exams and the term paper is optional. If I had the chance I would take another course with her as prof.,4.5,2.0
Excellent teacher!,5.0,3.0
Excellent course and FABULOUS PROF! This s/be a mandatory Psych course for all Univ students! She truly cares about her students and their lives outside of school! Ask her to scoop you on Freud - wicked! Thank you!! LOVED the class!!,5.0,2.0
Still the most quality class of my entire university education. I don't use my degree in psych 6 years later, but I use her stats on beastiality! What an excellent prof!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
very engaging prof, amazingly smart, she's my hero!,5.0,3.0
Approachable, thought provoking, enjoyable, great class.,5.0,3.0
The most caring and inspiring teacher I've ever had.,5.0,2.0
Wonderful woman. She is clear, inspiring, and many of her stories are touching.,5.0,3.0
Only rated highly because she teaches a SEX class! Shes only an average teacher!,3.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
best prof I ever had; approachable; real; cares about students; an inspiration,5.0,3.0
She is the best prof ever, to bad more aen't as knowledgable as her!!!,4.5,2.0
Best class I've ever taken,5.0,3.0
Best class, best prof,5.0,2.0
Awesome prof, awesome class. Talks about anything you want to. Take the class,5.0,3.0
This was the funnest class I've ever taken, thanks to the professor!,5.0,2.0
Best Class Ever!,4.0,3.0
The best prof I have had. Too bad there aren't more profs like her at this uni!,5.0,2.0
Theres a reason she won best prof!,5.0,1.0
She has got to be one of the best teachers I've had! She knows her stuff!,4.5,2.0
This class is legit the best class I have ever taken. The content is extremely interesting, and Svillen (the prof) is very knowledgeable and funny. I have taken this course 3 times passing on the 3rd time. I would take this course again, but that would mean I will not graduate if I don't pass. You need to study hard for this course!,5.0,5.0
I took the Compiler course TWENTY years ago when Professor Ranev was teaching. At that time there was no online assessment. Taking the time now. The course took a lot of effort - but that's what life should be. You won't really appreciate something if it doesn't take work. Pay attention, listen, and work to pass. Great class to attend. Thanks.,5.0,4.0
He should teach every course. He's amazing.,5.0,4.0
The course is very difficult but it's doable because Svillen is such an excellent professor. The people rating negatively are the ones who thought they could scrape by without doing any work but they have been given ample warning by the professor - he is very consistent in making himself available and reminding you to work on your assignments.,5.0,4.0
Had a dragon costume for Halloween. Svillen is awesome.,5.0,4.0
He just reads off of a word document with walls of text for lectures. There are 5 things total that count for marks in the whole course, 3 assignments, a midterm and the final. So if you get a bad mark on any of those say goodbye to any possibility of a good mark. I learned more from Tutorialspoint's compiler design tutorial than I learnt from him.,1.0,4.0
Best professor of the program. Clearly likes the subject and knows a ton about it. If it were a lesser prof, this particular class might be impossible.,5.0,5.0
Svillen is a great professor! He makes the Compilers lectures as engaging as possible (some of the material can be a liiiittle dry) and he gives extensive feedback on your assignments. He makes himself available to help his students pretty much all the time. Take advantage of having him as your prof, you can learn a lot from him!,5.0,4.0
Super unclear lectures, barely any information given, expects you to remember entire sentences from the lectures/textbook for filling in blanks on the exam. I have literally no idea how he has such a high rating, not helpful at all.,1.0,5.0
Wow Beast teacher at Algonquin. Even If i had failed his class I would still love him,5.0,5.0
Svillen actually cares about his students. Be prepared to show up during office hours with questions. Compilers is a tough course, but he gives entertaining and very informative lectures. Pay attention to assignment feedback.,5.0,4.0
Svillen is easily the best teacher in the entire program. If you have any problems with the course, talk to him and he will go out of his way to make sure you do well.,5.0,3.0
Legendary.,5.0,4.0
Awesome prof!,5.0,3.0
His compilers course is among the hardest courses I have ever taken.,5.0,5.0
He knows his sheet and is incredibly patient. 10/10 prof.,5.0,4.0
Great teacher.,5.0,3.0
All the people complaining about Svillen are stupid losers who are likely complaining because theyre failing. Svillen is hilarious and brilliant, yet decent and just. Only complaint about Svillen is that it takes 4 hours to prep an already completed assignment to meet his exhausting submission requirements, lol.,5.0,4.0
Hands down the best teacher I have had. He knows everything about what he is teaching and manages to explain himself very well while maintaining a dry humor. The class is difficult but the marking is fair and it will just take a bit of effort to succeed.,5.0,4.0
Best Professor in the Department. Hands down!,5.0,3.0
Can't think of a single negative thing to say about Svillen, so I'll skip to the positive. Such a bright guy it's clear he could make way more cash outside of the school, but his passion for teaching keeps him there. That passion will result in your thorough satisfaction with any class he teaches. I attribute a large chunk of my success to him.,5.0,3.0
One of the best professors in the department period. The assignments are hard and you have to work for the marks but they are fair. Be sure to start assignments early and ask questions if you need help with anything. He will be always happy to help. It was truly an honour to be taught by this professor. 10/10 brilliant prof.,5.0,4.0
The best professor I've ever had. And if you don't picking up smoking (or you already smoke), he provides a wealth of knowledge outside the lectures on breaks. I only wish we were able to clone him to replace most of the faculty.,5.0,4.0
Trial by fire course. Prepare to spend every waking hour of your life on compilers assignments. Hard concepts to understand. Really thick accent makes it difficult to understand at times. One of the best professors in this department.,4.0,5.0
The most helpful teacher i have met at the college, very easy to talk to. He will go out of his way to help you if needed.,4.5,2.0
Fantastic teacher, incredibly intelligent and able to make dry material fun to learn,4.5,4.0
He is awesome. He motivates his students to study . He makes hardest of things so interesting that one goes to the bottom that things and find JOY there. I Wish all teachers in this world were like him . HE says " To listen to someone with patience is also education .,5.0,1.0
Simply the best :) Love this guy,5.0,1.0
He's a great teacher, helpful and is fun.,4.5,3.0
Excellent professor. Very clear and concise explanations.,5.0,3.0
Very good teacher. Very patient,5.0,3.0
It's a good thing they put this guy half way through the program or less people would finish I think. Definitely encouraged me.,5.0,2.0
One of the best teachers I've ever had. Great personality. Loved talking to him, even though I found myself smoking more lol.,4.5,2.0
I LOVE THIS PROF SoOoOo MUCH, he is very nice and cool.,4.5,4.0
Best teacher at Algonquin period. He loves to teach and it is apparent in his willingness to help ANYTIME. Amazing for both Compilers and Digital.,5.0,4.0
Great teacher!,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
Svillen is one of the best teachers at algonquin (at least in computers). He makes the class fun (and funny) and those that don't like are those that are too lazy to do the work. He helps everyone, even folks like me who come to him with very hard problems and GIANT assignments (sorry svillensmurf). Good job, keep it up,5.0,1.0
Cross Compiler, I really understand what compiler is.,4.0,3.0
Svillen quotes continued, "I have to get rid of my smurfies, because they start to eat away my books." "When your buffer overflows, I cry and so does my dragons." "what is your problem? Just go away and write your scanner.",5.0,1.0
Svillen Quotes: "Java Is Beautiful!" "Not only are you a liar, you are an inconsisten liar" "You are trying to tell me one of two things, Either I am Stupid, or you are Stupid. Both are true." "We will always be smarter than our computers because we can always hit them with a Hammer",4.5,3.0
Probably the best teacher I have ever had at this school. Incredibly knowledgable about the subject matter he teaches, and more than willing to help his students when they need it, Svillen is the kind of teacher I wish the rest of my profs were. It's easy to be smart, it's harder to be able to pass that on to others. Thanks, Svillen!,5.0,2.0
I must admit that I don't like Java. However, he is very knowledgeable in object-oriented programming paradigm, and this makes the course worthwhile to take. Sv. I am trying my best to fall in love with Java, although to me it doesn't seem like spring breeze.,5.0,1.0
the best of the best no doubt. A teacher with a PHD, 2 MASTERS, plus all his Java certificates :), VERY INTELLIGENT PERSON, I have always got my questions answered no matter what they were, you ask and he answers, in all aspects :) GOD BLESS YOU, even though you dont believe in him :P,5.0,1.0
He wants students to succeed in his course and does his best to help us. I love his odd sense of humour. Mind you, he won't go through your codes, unless you have a serious problem with them. He challenges me to think, think and think more. I am learning a lot from him.,5.0,5.0
Awesome teacher! This guy really knows his****, and not only takes the time to help, but goes out of his way. Very few teachers take the time to actually go through your code, read it and make helpful/useful comments.,5.0,2.0
good guy always seems to want to help you. Works hard to show you exactly what you did wrong,5.0,2.0
He really knows what he is talking about.,5.0,4.0
He is a genius,5.0,4.0
Very wise.,4.0,3.0
This teacher is way over-rated.,2.5,4.0
Ranev is not a good teacher!,1.0,5.0
Svillen is the shizat. A+.,5.0,2.0
Algonquin's most valuable asset.,5.0,3.0
If you want to suck up his knowledge, pick up smoking :),5.0,3.0
After Rex Woollard the best teacher in school,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Terrific teacher, terrific guy!! Extremely knowledgable and able to convey this knowledge in a clear and concise way. Always willing to help.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,4.0
Funny, brilliant, excellent teacher, and a perfectly beautiful endless loop.,5.0,5.0
1 cool dude,5.0,3.0
Good Guy, universal knowledge.,4.5,4.0
No Comments,1.5,1.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
One of the best teachers I have ever had.,5.0,2.0
Brilliant man, great guy, amazing teacher.,5.0,3.0
Svillen's awesome. Loves his work, and gets along with everyone!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
He's admitted to being wrong, he's awesome,5.0,3.0
Java man is good,5.0,3.0
Will give you bonus marks for writting jokes on your exams....gotta love that,4.5,3.0
Love the guy, but don't miss a class...no posted notes!,4.5,4.0
I sacrifice a hundred oxen unto thee... unless you don't want me to...,5.0,1.0
If every school had ten Ranev's, then we'd be living on the moon!!!,5.0,3.0
great smile,4.0,4.0
svillen > *,5.0,1.0
This man smokes like no other.,5.0,3.0
So Yes. I would teach class in Smoking Shelter if I could,5.0,2.0
Is he that good????? He should admit it when he is wrong,1.0,3.0
TO ALL TEACHERS.... take a lesson from Svillen... he ROCKS!,5.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Svillen is GOD! The best teacher Algonquin has! Hands Down!,5.0,3.0
This guy is the goods! Best course in comp sci program.,5.0,3.0
An incredibly intellegent man.,5.0,3.0
Very knowledgable, approachable and funny. Sometimes he'll share flashes of wisdom than only a a man his age can provide. You have to read outside class to keep up with him, or you'll be completly lost in class. Thanks professor Alisor!,5.0,2.0
One of the few teachers that has a resource page with complementary help. He is always willing to help if you put in the effort and are willing to do the work. Very knowledgeable and likes to challenge his students to understand higher concepts.,5.0,2.0
Good teacher very helpful but Labs and Assignments are cruel, including his Midterms and Final.,3.0,5.0
This guy gives you the most complicated crap to figure out and then is completely useless when it comes to help,1.0,5.0
knows his linux very well and wants students to succeed.,4.5,1.0
He is the best prof ever, very king and generous and always try to help. He reply to emails very fast as if he is setting with u.,5.0,3.0
very clear,5.0,5.0
I swear to god he has a Motorola 68k chip built into his head. He can look at your code, and immediately knows where you went wrong. He however likes to avoid giving you the answer. Instead he gives you a hint and sends you on your way (great way of teaching mind you. You wont learn any other way). He has very very difficult tests so know your stuf,4.5,5.0
Freakishly unbelievable. He knows what he is talking about, and he tries to make it as clear as possible. Unfortunately, the class was Assembly Language, so I suspect it went over the heads of a few students. His assignments were challenging, unlike the first semester. I loved trying to come up with solutions for the assignments.,5.0,5.0
Amazing teacher if you sit at the front. His voice is low, but he will always help you figure out where your code led you astray.,3.5,1.0
Excellent prof. Sit in the first couple of rows in order to hear him, but knows his stuff. Fair marker, you are tested on what your taught! Very nice guy just to talk with as well!,4.5,3.0
Robert is one hell of a teacher, very NICE person, very helpful, knows what he's saying, yet his midterms and Finals are brutal :), he literally requires a whole application written (client/server) on his finals (so be warned). But I sure did learn alot from him and did have lots of fun. :),4.5,2.0
Why is he still teaching?,3.5,4.0
Very nice guy, especially on one-on-one basis. It is hard to stay awake in the lecture, though. Mono-tone, soothing voice. Assignments and tests are brutal. enough said.,5.0,5.0
Really great teacher. His experience really helps you learn.,5.0,3.0
Veteran prof. Respected by staff members and students alike.,4.0,2.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
Ready to retire,3.0,3.0
Needs to give a little more umph to his lectures. A bit intimatidating but a very smart and great man. Worth a great deal to the school.,4.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
I like him. If you're willing to work, he's great...especially one on one.,4.0,4.0
You either love him or hate him. But he knows his ****,5.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
gives hard assignments/exams... but always willing to help. great one on one,4.0,3.0
Nice guy. 1 on 1 is good. Not a good lecturer. thank god i had the textbook.,3.0,4.0
I Found Robbie A to be pleasant enough but utterly useless..,1.0,5.0
Knows his stuff but doesn't know how to teach it. Unrealistic expectations of us,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Good learning experience...HARD EXAM!!,4.5,3.0
ZZ Top at his best... Weird and long but fun assignments,2.5,3.0
Hard as assignments, cool mutha****a,4.0,2.0
Nice guy.. hard assignments,3.0,4.0
Frank Zorzitto is such a great instructor! Had the honour of taking two classes with him! His "This's Mickey Mouse" is too classic! He is so genuine and so easy to talk to. If you needed help and went to his office hours he will patiently explain over and over again! Hope he comes back to teach in the future!,4.5,2.0
Zorzitto is the best of the three calculus professors I have had. His notes are very useful and his class progression is his own marble David. He walks in circles around the room and leans into students desks to address then briefly while lecturing with upmost liveliness. Great at teaching advanced sections!,4.5,3.0
Excellent prof! The best prof I have ever meet. This is the only course I attended in every class. He makes his class really interesting and challenging.,5.0,2.0
He loves teaching, he was always doing his best to teach something new and necessary to students. Every time he helps the students outside of class, even before or after office hours. He made me love this course.,5.0,1.0
Professor Zorzitto is hilarious! I am not a fan of calculus but he made calculus very understandable with his clear explanations (sometimes redundant but I felt that the repetition actually helped me).,5.0,2.0
Exceptional professor that really loves teaching the subject, and does a fantastic job at it.,5.0,3.0
Terrible proofs they're not rigorous at all and his lectures are difficult to follow because he's so unorganized. I would not recommend this professor for any higher level courses.,2.5,4.0
Sloppy handwriting, confused explanation and boring jokes.,2.0,4.0
My favourite math prof at UW! Such a funny guy, and he's so talented at explaining concepts. You can also tell he cares a lot about his students. After the marks varied a lot on the midterm he was so generous that he changed the marking scheme so that if your final was better than your midterm, it would be worth 75% instead of 60%. Such boss. Wow.,5.0,1.0
Amazing prof! Very enthusiastic and actively engages the class in the lesson. Writing can be a bit sloppy sometimes, but his printed notes are very clear and detailed enough to make up for it, and his explanations just make sense. His assignments will really make you think!,4.5,1.0
Awesome for both people trying to pass the course and for people looking for 95+,5.0,3.0
Awesome prof, highly recommended! The way he phrased things was funny (often appeared in mathNEWS profquotes!). He explained concepts very clearly. He wanted students to succeed. He really knew his stuff.,5.0,3.0
A good prof. He does everything the way it should be done, thus good at scholarstic. He is easy going and are helpful outside of class. He only talk to the front row, so if you want to take his class, make sure you take the front row. He also tries to find example that is common and easy to understand. He also post all his notes, which is convient.,4.5,1.0
Amazing Professor. Interesting and hilarious. Made the content extremely clear,5.0,2.0
Amazing Professor. So helpful! Always open to helping his students. But watch out, he doesn't always include everything in his lectures,5.0,3.0
Too hand-wavy. Sometimes he skipped a proof, which was relatively important, and said to just read the notes online. Also he didn't leave any room for students to think, all the material was presented without interacting with the class at all. Good at clarifying stuff afterwards, but not so good at presenting it. Not a bad prof though.,3.5,1.0
He spends a lot of time reviewing the previous class and so we miss some material. Also, his notes blackboard notes are sloppy and he gives some different proofs than the ones shown in the text. However, he's pretty funny and is really good at engaging the class.,4.0,1.0
lol you guys are so troll. his class average was like a 50. good prof though,4.5,5.0
He could be great at teaching regular classes, but should not teach advanced classes. His approach to bellcurving is making the exams easy. His proofs contain far too many heuristics. His assignments are frustrating because he just tells you what to do, eliminating any original thought. Spends 10 minutes each class reviewing the previous class,3.5,2.0
He skipped a lot of material, so I had to catch up by looking at textbooks or online stuff. And sometimes just too many things squeezed in too little time... hard to understand...,3.5,3.0
I had this guy for MATH 137 and 138 and he's awesome! He lectures to teach his students and is really good at explaining concepts. He makes Calculus easy!,5.0,3.0
The best prof ever! Explains everything in a great way, so that you don't just learn formulas, but you actually understand how you got it and why you are doing it, in this way you never forget them!,5.0,3.0
He wasn't personal with the students. Blabs too much. Should've put more examples on the board.,1.5,5.0
Very enthusiastic about what he teaches. Makes the subject that much more interesting and helps you pay attention in class.,4.5,2.0
The best prof. ever! Very clear, answers all questions, covers material very well, extremely helpful!,5.0,3.0
Talented in telling jokes in class,haha,5.0,3.0
Beats around the bush too much for my liking. Very wordy with proofs and statements that can be otherwise stated in a much more direct and brief manner. Sometimes goes overtime/misses things because he spent too much time beating around the bush. He does try to get the point across though. Just not very efficiently.,3.5,2.0
I enjoy his lectures most. Especially his interaction with class, his answers to our questions.,5.0,2.0
Funny Prof, cares a lot about his students. I would recommend taking his courses.,5.0,1.0
good prof, good style,3.5,4.0
I loved him so much. Absolutely amazing prof. He could teach it a bit harder though. A bit too slow on the lectures, but still amazing!,5.0,1.0
Absolutely wonderful professor. Extremely helpful and energetic, hilarious to watch, and very knowledgable. It certainly felt like he was coming down to our mortal level to teach, and you could sense the aura of expertise about him. Absolutely highly recommended. The course wasn't easy, but easy courses are boring courses.,5.0,5.0
Four times a week, for a whole year, he definitely made my day! Extremely clear and caring about his students. He really knows his stuff, and he is the most helpful man on earth! AND he gave us mathies a reading WEEK, not some crappy reading days. Definitely the best prof EVER! PLUS he's hilarious! I absolutely LOVE him to death!!!,5.0,4.0
There have been 69 ratings on him. Today, I finally decided to break him out of 69. This will make the 70th rating on him. Zorzitto is the best math prof, as crispy as Tortitto.,5.0,1.0
Very enthusiastic, and he covered interesting material very clearly. One of my favourite courses in the term. Recommended.,5.0,3.0
Awesome fun and you learn a lot,5.0,1.0
Haha, the shirt was hilarious. Truly an awesome prof with an excellent sense of humor. The class was a delight!,5.0,2.0
Oh definitely the shirt!!! "If I'm wrong I'll eat my shirt" He was wrong and spend the day with alphabits and gingerbread making a shirt to eat! Absolutely hillarious professor, great teacher, great person, really fun person to be around! He is my inspiration for a teaching style when I become a prof. Anyone not having this teacher is missingout!,5.0,1.0
It seems that most raters are from MATH 135/136/137/138. From the MATH 146 class of Winter 2006, I think we unanimously agree that Zorzitto's style is exemplary. He brings to attention the most easily-glossed over material---often very small things that cause confusion that snow-balls later on. Very intelligent, enthusiastic, and humorous (shirts!),5.0,1.0
Sometimes Zorzitto can seem a bit intimidating and eccentric, but once you've been in his class for a bit, you start to really love him. He's an incredible professor whose lectures are well structured. He makes difficult concepts easy to understand, and is hilarious. It's true sometimes he seems to get flustered and out of breath, but it's his styl,5.0,3.0
Great guy...People might say that he kisses up to the class, but he's really very dedicated, and cares for his students. He even held mid-term and final review sessions, which only the course coordinator held apart from him. And people who say that Prof Zorzitto is not smart should know that he is Head of the Pure Math Department of the university.,4.5,1.0
Skipped most of the material. I had to go to another proff for the material. He's a really nice man but I couldn't get anything from him. He would give us the material for the assignment the day it was due.,3.0,2.0
He's okay but he skips a LOT of material.,3.5,2.0
This prof is a pain in the ass. I mean he is very unspecific in description and over simplifies stuff. If your going to derive this jiggery thing over here then what do you do?? Derive it! well duh,2.0,1.0
keeps the subject interesting, very funny,5.0,3.0
The best prof you can ever get for first year calculus.. he has the amazing ability of making really tough things look real easy.,5.0,2.0
dafdsaf,5.0,4.0
Great prof to have for an early morning class. Especially when it's calc.,5.0,1.0
Kisses up to his class. He trys to be everyones friend, but comes off more like a used car salesman. I dont think he is too intelligent, but maybe that is what some people like in a university lecturer.,1.0,3.0
I skip his classes for about one month. anyway,i like him,5.0,3.0
Best first yr math professor by far in Waterloo.. got 90s in both of his class! :),5.0,2.0
Incredibly energetic prof! Makes classes fun, and explains things well. What more can you ask for?,5.0,3.0
This prof is WAY too casual. He has a very wierd method of explaining concepts,..."Why take the limit? Because it's waiting to be taken.", " If you're going to scratch your head, what are you going to do?" I only recommend him,3.0,2.0
He rules,5.0,3.0
Very animated, very energetic, funny, fair - what else can anyone ask for?,5.0,1.0
If instructors at UW were like cars, Zorzitto would be a Lexus.,5.0,2.0
He tends to get over-excited about calculus. Funny guy. Sometimes he goes a bit too fast. <jub-jub-jub> Very entertaining and animated I have to say.,4.5,3.0
Awesome prof, so cool, and the Pure Mathematics head for the school...could use a "Bro" though, guy's got a little man-boob thing going on.,4.5,3.0
AWESOME prof!! Knows what he's talking about and actually seems to want to help his students! Also makes his classes interesting by being excited.,5.0,2.0
absolutely AMAZING professor. does his best to make sure that everyone understands what's being discussed. by far the best of all the different math137 section lectures i've visited.,5.0,3.0
He's the reason I liked first year math.,5.0,3.0
very good prof for math and pure math courses.,4.0,2.0
Ur mom knows how to do many things but she can't factor prime numbers... awesome!!,5.0,3.0
always something new to look forward to at his lectures, never a dull moment!,5.0,3.0
they don't call him coach for nothing, very very encouraging & helpful,5.0,3.0
The only course at this university I have enjoyed, and the best teacher here.,5.0,3.0
EEK, he holds the board for support and gets too excited about calc,3.5,4.0
The best prof this university has for Math,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
one of the best math profs this university has,5.0,3.0
One of the best profs ever!,5.0,2.0
a great prof.... keeps lectures interesting,4.0,3.0
best math prof by far... and he's hilarious.. check the next issue of mathNEWS!,5.0,3.0
Nice, helpful and funny! Explain well and clear!,4.5,1.0
really enthusiastic, great prof,5.0,2.0
Willing to explain questions for students and always available for help.,4.5,3.0
Makes Calculus fun and easy!,5.0,3.0
If u see his name, pick that course, even if it means 8:30,5.0,2.0
Exuberant, Fun, Smart,5.0,4.0
Really good Prof! Everybody should take at least one of his courses!!!,5.0,3.0
Best prof ever!!!,5.0,2.0
Great Prof. and his notes are very clear.,5.0,4.0
excellent speaker, good mix of hard and easy topics, dynamic,3.5,2.0
Great prof, keeps classes interesting and captivating,4.0,4.0
Excellent, dynamic prof. Makes things clear as crystal.,5.0,2.0
Very easy to understand for beginners, and explains hard concepts in simple Eng.,5.0,3.0
This prof rules! Keeps things interesting and knows his stuff,5.0,2.0
Great prof!,5.0,2.0
Great sense of humour - talks too much s/times, but teaches well!!!,5.0,5.0
great prof, but he overexplains even the most basic concepts,5.0,1.0
Good calc prof. Very euthiastic,4.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Great Guy, wanders around the class room while he teaches..,5.0,2.0
Very good, by the way 1 is low 5 is high,4.5,4.0
Very Good,1.0,4.0
Sounds and looks like Red Green giving a lecture. Nice guy though,2.5,3.0
This man would lecture to an empty classroom. And he did.,4.0,2.0
Probably the best prof. I had at Waterloo. Crystal clear explanations. Very nice and helpful guy. Tries his best to help out students. Reasonable exams and assignments.,5.0,2.0
He's not bad, considering the material that he's teaching. He admits that he's not an expert in all aspects of economics (particularly financial accounting), but he explains what he can very well.,4.0,3.0
He seems to be a good professor; though, its difficult to tell, since he is teaching incredibly boring material! His slides are excellent, and he can explain concepts real well! His midterms are a bit difficult (since no one prepares for them), but the finals are FAIR! Overall, another example of a good professor teaching what we dont want to know!,4.5,1.0
The course material sucked, he was boring as hell, and I didnt try. I bombed the midterm and was fairly sure the final killed me too, yet somehow I did really well in the end. You should be hoping for similar luck.,1.0,4.0
There's and 8:30 in the morning?..., yes, and that's when Fuller's class was ......went to a couple of lectures, decided it was a waste of time......i don't know how good of a prof he is I never went to lectures again afterwards,2.5,4.0
Very clear and helpful prof, but tough to pay attention to. The material is very dry and he has a hard time making it interesting, but if you actually pay attention you will learn a lot. The textbook will teach you what you need to pass, but he gives a lot of useful information in his lectures.,5.0,1.0
He's monotonous. The course material was dry, and the 8:30 classes put everyone to sleep, but overall Fuller's a good helpful prof who explains the material well. His face and hand gestures are classic, and he looks like Ned Flanders, with the knitted sweaters and all. The course isn't hard at all.,4.5,2.0
Is anyone even awake?,1.0,5.0
fuller's a really nice guy, but the course material's boring and that's not his fault. use his course notes and all will be gooood,4.5,2.0
he is horrible,if you cant sleep go to his class. Never went to his classes,and studied twice,once b4 midterm and the other b4 finals..exams arent too bad,but he doesnt mark too good anyways,he is damn boring,however yo can get a good mark in his class.,1.5,3.0
Well, DJ fuller enjoys his revisits, also know as remixes. Also, he enjoys his sweaters. All in all, i slept through almost all of his classes. Fuller Fridays!!!,2.0,2.0
I think he is a very responsible prof... the course itself is easy and boring comparing to the others... but come on, the department doesnt expect us to get a business major..,5.0,2.0
Ned just puts me back to sleep every morning,3.0,4.0
Fuller may seem like a good guy and everything, but it's time to stop taking 10 minutes to explain a single sentence. I am glad this class is at 8:30 in the morning, so when I do sleep through it (every time) I dont feel like I'm missing anything!,2.0,4.0
I never knew there was such a state of boredom, I guess I DID learn something.,2.5,2.0
Daym... where did ned flanders come from??? lol this guy is hard 2 respect, our whole class literally skipped... either sleepin.. or just chillin in RCH!. Fuller == Flanders!,2.0,5.0
Boring! Dry material and a drier prof.,2.5,3.0
ZZZZzzzzzz....,2.5,1.0
Good prof. Just the material is extremely dry. Bring a pillow.,3.5,1.0
He explained things well and answered questions clearly.,5.0,3.0
damn boring.... was anyone eva awake in his class?,1.0,3.0
NED FLANDERS............... WHAT?,4.0,3.0
Boring as h*ll but a way better prof than Cozzarin or Anwar.,4.0,2.0
Fuller is Full of foolishness ... always threatening and rude,1.0,5.0
Fuller --> Fooler --> Foolish,1.0,5.0
hard to respect this prof,2.0,1.0
If you need a good nap, this is the prof to get.,1.5,3.0
BORING!!!!,1.0,5.0
Bressler is a blowhard for his own defunct horn and for the limp horns of Tolkien, CS Lewis, and lonely chai lattes all over the world. Quiz this guy in the realm of modern litterature and watch a rather enjoyable trainwreck right before your eyes. I suppose that a skirt would help. Oh Lordy, Lordy, Lordy. I'd skip this one in a beat 'me lads.,2.5,1.0
Bressler is extremely knowledgable you learn a ton in his classes; however, he expects you to know everything as soon as you've read it and looks down on you if you ask for help. He plays favorites, is arrogant, and prides himself in making things convoluted. If you are not in his "inner circle" you are on your own. I love lit but hated his classes,2.0,4.0
i took him for literary analysis and he is so great. I love his humor and his teaching style and he encourages me so much every class. outside of class he was the same (despite all these opinions of the contrary) take him. you are gods beloved.,4.0,4.0
Bressler is amazing and I love him! He is so funny and i enjoyed his class so much!,5.0,2.0
Engaging lecturer. Very clear. Definitely worth taking. Some think he is the greatest thing since sliced bread...he's good, but he's not perfect. I enjoyed him, but I'm not dying to take every class I can with him.,4.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,2.0
He's very passionate about what he's teaching and I give him credit for that. However, he has his favorites in class and if you're not one of them he is comes off as uncaring. I found him to be very intimidating and unhelpful our of class. He thinks he knows it all and revels in having a constant circle of students around him who adore him.,2.5,4.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
Probably the best professor at Houghton College, I hate english and I was interested in his class. He is an amazing guy, and probably my closest friend among the professors.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Bressler is an incredible teacher, he pushes students to their limit, and offers a surprising number of challenges. You learn a lot from him, however he is arrogant, rude, and can be manipulative. Outside of class he is a snob to those he does not like - and yes he chooses favorites!,3.0,5.0
WHAT A FUNNY MAN! I looked forward to each day, and envy those who get to spend more time under his instruction! Wonderful.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,5.0
I learned so much in his classes. 2 things I'll take to the grave, 1: "it was a dark and stormy night- Horace Walpole- gothic literature and 2: "I am God's beloved!",5.0,3.0
He pushes his students as far as they can go, and farther. He is an excellent teacher, encouraging, although very sarcastic, but all in all great. If you can't handle a challenge, don't take his class. He will make you learn it!!,5.0,5.0
He loves his students and will push you to do your best even if that can be painful. Afterwards hes ur buddy and will sit down and talk with you like an old friend. Definiatly a highlight of my houghton experience and a selfesteem booster. Ive never been so excited about something i dont like.,5.0,3.0
awesome,5.0,4.0
Bressler was the best professor I had at Houghton. I didn't even know how to write until I took one of his classs junior year. And, even though he does use his own text in class, he's not arrogant about it, and the book doesn't suck.,5.0,4.0
Even though he was kind of intimidating, he really is a good guy. He definitely pushes you to do your BEST best and won't let you get away with anything less (even though that can get really frustrating, it's not a bad lesson... :-),3.5,4.0
really fun class! great professor, even though i hated the subject,5.0,3.0
Bressler is okay and sometimes even marvelous in class; outside of class, he's avoidant, pushy, and fake, esp w/persons of the female persuasion. He used to be my advisor; I've switched to Linda W.,2.5,3.0
Bressler is the world's biggest fake.,1.0,1.0
Don't buy the God talk. Bressler is a phony. He is **** and manipulative.,1.5,1.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
Great prof. Inspiring devotions before classes. Stresses we are God's Beloved.,5.0,3.0
He really cares about his students. He's a great prof with a great heart!,4.0,3.0
awesome prof.,5.0,2.0
Horrible prof avoid at all costs!,1.0,5.0
Look at the statistic -> "7% Would take again". She does not know how to properly run a course. Everyone else, look at her most recent reviews. They have been consistently bad. You have to scroll down all the way to see 4+ reviews. Avoid and take it with someone else if u can at all costs. She is awful, she has way to high expectations.,1.0,5.0
Horrible prof. Try to avoid if possible.,1.0,4.0
Worst Prof I've ever met in UWaterloo. Giving grade with non sense.,1.0,4.0
Awful. Sandy here decided to change a question on a quiz that was worth 1 out of 10 to be worth 5 out of 14 instead AFTER THE QUIZ WAS FINISHED. Even if you got full marks on every other question besides that one (which was the hardest one), your grade is 9 out of 14 instead of 9 out of 10 which is a huge drop in marks. Avoid if you CAN,1.0,4.0
Horrible. This is probably the worst course I've ever taken in my life. I've had better luck trying to learn how to code from online tutorials and freakin' ROBLOX. The problem is that this course costs money and ROBLOX doesn't. Incredible amounts of homework with an egregiously tedious mini-project every week. Uses an online compiler that sucks.,1.0,3.0
Just pay attention to the class and use office hours,5.0,2.0
Don't try to be creative or try making your code more efficient (even using the things you've learned in the lectures/labs), because you will lose marks if you don't do things exactly as she says. Not to mention this class is designed for non-CS majors, yet it had the most weekly due projects out of any of my other classes.,1.0,2.0
underground poker legend,3.0,3.0
She does not seem to respect and care for her students academics.,1.0,3.0
She has the most horrible slides, not informative at all and in ugly format. Her lectures is so boring and she makes mistake in almost every lectures. also she doesn't seems to care for the students and doesn't really answer your questions.,1.0,4.0
There are so many students want to join in the CS, and this is why she is still teaching CS 135. Boring and not helpful.,1.0,1.0
Man she wasnt good at all. Energy was dry as hell and she made slick jokes that we could tell she didnt want to be there. I wish I knew about this website before I went into her class, I dreaded each lecture,1.0,4.0
This was my first exposure to programming and I almost chose to not pursue programming due to this course. It was only after taking other CS courses did I realize that CS can be fun and interesting; many other CS profs were passionate about what they taught but unfortunately Sandy was not. To be fair she does her job (lectures) but nothing more.,1.0,3.0
She definitely knows her content and how to teach... she's just so dry. If the course notes weren't so terrible, no one would attend the lectures. Preparing for assignments and exams was a nightmare because she asks questions on such assessments that appear only once in the lecture.,2.0,3.0
There are many other good CS professors. why will you bother her?,1.0,5.0
Don't take her!! There are many other good profs. If you cannot get into their class just drop the course and take it next term. She will definitely make you dislike CS. The only reason to her lecture is the clicker. You pay the money and you deserve better education. Her explanation is a messy.,1.0,5.0
Sandy Graham is an ok-ish prof. She is not the best when it comes to answering students' questions, especially on Piazza. She answers very vaguely and says "any more information will provide a partial solution". That comment is kind of discouraging because I'm just asking a question about a concept I don't understand, not trying to get a solution.,3.0,3.0
Unsure as to why she still continues to teach in the same manner described as previous comments or at all. She is monotoned and does not explain the materials clearly. There isn't a flow to her lectures and she will jump from one topic to another. There were times where she'd spend half an hour explaining a concept then say we don't need to know it,1.0,4.0
Fairly dry lectures, but she teaches you what you need to know to do well in the course. Not very engaging, doesn't make lectures fun.,3.0,4.0
No one should choose her. I attended her lectures just for the clicker questions. And she made CS disgusting. She made many mistakes in her lectures.,1.0,1.0
She is really not bad. Quite inspirational if you listen carefully. She tells you important do/ don't on assignments and exams. She also explains the philosophy behind computer science (e.g. how to approach a seemingly tedious question) which is quite rare among other profs.,4.0,3.0
It's a good thing I was able to teach myself this material because she was not able to. She wasn't particularly helpful, her lectures were boring, and she made me not enjoy CS, I had enjoyed it up until then. Honestly she just wasn't a good prof. I understood her but all she ever did was examples, the exam had better just be examples then.,1.0,1.0
Don't take her!! Three are so many other good profs. If you cannot get into their class just drop the course and take it next term. It is better than wasting your time taking a class that will make you hate CS!!,1.0,4.0
Boring,1.0,1.0
Took her class in Fall 2016. Explanations were quite vague and boring compared with other profs. I'm quite amazed how she overcomplicated such a basic course. And I'm more amazed that she still teaches at all. It's just not your thing, get over it and practice something else.,1.0,3.0
If you say she is a normal prof, why you select no in "Would you take this prof again"? Actually, she doesn't teach as well as other three profs.,2.0,1.0
Don't be so scared because of those comments if you want to choose her, just a very normal prof.,4.0,3.0
If I took another prof's class, I would increase my mark by at least 20 per cent,1.0,5.0
Never choose ever,1.0,1.0
As others have said, she rushed through the material a lot. I remember that she was always behind. There were days where her clicker software magically doesn't work, especially in the last few classes. But you know what? It's not that the software doesn't work, it's because you're lying to us because you're really slow.,1.0,1.0
She didn't teach the most important part for the exam and miss many things,1.0,3.0
I don't know anymore, but you can learn everything using the coursenote.,2.0,3.0
She covers the code things, but the rating system also considers other part of a program, such as design recipe, which is not included. She always rushes through the material and shows much outside the class, which is not helpful for getting higher mark in assignment and exams.,1.0,2.0
She makes lots of mistakes on classes, which even violated the standard used for making homework. Usually don't know what she was doing. Although on several of the classes I found her lecture pretty good, this possibilities is really small and most of time she is messy on class. Avoid her if you can.,2.0,3.0
She rushes through a lot of materials that are supposed to be covered detailedly. She kept saying that she's not going to spend much time on the course notes yet most parts of her lectures were around the course notes. She is quite accessible outside of the classroom, though.,2.0,3.0
she rush through module 6 and the entire midterm2 was on module 6....,2.0,3.0
She always stresses how she needs to "rush through the material" and that is precisely what she does. She does not care about a student's understanding, although she does make multiple attempts to explain and go over again, but her explanations make what she stated before even more confusing. However, she is indeed accessible outside of lectures.,2.0,3.0
If it wasn't for the participation grade, I wouldn't go to any of her lectures. Huge waste of time.,2.0,3.0
Honestly, her lectures are very dry. As a lecturer she is not as adequate as some other CS profs I have had (Nomair, Petrick, etc) and she seems to rely heavily on her slides rather than show concrete examples. However, if you approach her for help she is very helpful and clearly wants you to do well.,2.0,2.0
I really don't like CS that much but she teaches the material well and is easy to understand.,5.0,1.0
Great prof, examples can be a bit deep near the end of the term, however if you do the assignments and write good notes its an easy 80+,5.0,1.0
excellent prof. Provides very intriguing examples.,4.5,2.0
People think she is bad, and I was scared of her at the beginning of the term. However, her lecture is super clear + You will get a good grade if u dont slack off in her lectures,4.5,1.0
Sandy is a great prof and always willing to help. Not the prof's fault if you don't understand CS!,5.0,3.0
I managed to get an 85% without any help from her throughout the course. Students attended her lectures only because of the clicker questions. She only read through the slides in the lectures, I would prefer self study than going any lecture. Worst prof that I have ever seen, definitely must avoid her.,1.0,1.0
Boring class. Just a waste of time taking CS with her. You cannot expect to learn anything valuable.,1.0,5.0
Does not make sense at all. Students come to her lectures because of answering clicker questions. Always talk in monotones and her explanations make students more confused. Avoid her because if you take her CS classes, you will be painful.,1.5,5.0
boring class with monotone,2.0,5.0
should demonstrate more in lectures instead of just presenting the lecture slides.,3.0,3.0
Very clear, good pacing, and helpful during office hours. A big advocate for women in CS haha. I recommend her.,4.5,5.0
I've taken both CS115 and CS230 with Sandy. She is a great prof who works hard to ensure the material she presents is clear and interesting. Her midterm for 230 was fair, there was one question where we all lost a mark because of poor wording but she agreed not to count the mark after a short respectful discussion in Piazza. A great prof!,5.0,1.0
Sandy is not clear. She assumes too much, especially of the students who have only taken CS 115 and 116. She doesn't seem to care much about the success of her students, talks down to questions she thinks are obvious, does not like to answer questions. Can give students the stranded feeling, she is not very approachable.,2.0,5.0
Its either you understand CS right off the bat or you just don't get it at all. Sandy is a great Prof! Clear explanations during lectures. Assignments and Midterm was fair.,4.5,2.0
Not bad at teaching, just not experienced enough at uni level maybe...respects all questions and answers 'em well, just gotta keep asking to get the best outa her..You miss a single class, you are gonna get no help unless it's something really specific...,2.5,4.0
The good: She made an effort to make a boring class interesting. She seems like nice person! The bad: Sandy doesn't write notes on the board, so you must attend class and write down what she says or you will probably fail. I didn't find her explanations very clear so I went to office hours... and still had no idea what was going on.,2.5,3.0
she is great~Im so happy that i enrolled her class~,5.0,1.0
Though she teaches at a reasonable pace with clarity, she's one of the more boring CS profs. I went into the course without a CS background, and struggled for the first few weeks because she didn't do an effective job in keeping me engaged in the coursework. I taught myself a month of the course in a weekend, and I'm now on my way to do a CS major.,3.0,2.0
How can ANYONE bash on Sandy? She's the BEST Prof Waterloo has EVER had. :),4.0,1.0
Not bad! Explains in great detail yet a bit boring.,4.0,1.0
You can tell she tries to make the class fun, but it's computer science, so can't really blame her when it got dull, which it did. Very clear speaking. Unfortunately, lots of people in the class didn't pay attention and talked constantly during her lectures, and she couldn't command attention like other profs can. But overall, a solid prof for CS,4.5,2.0
She is not a kind of fast moving professor, but she really pay attention on clarity, giving more attention on things that are really required, and if i see other cs profs, i think she does her job better than most of them.,4.5,1.0
She is not the worse profs. She is fine but sometimes her class can be really boring. But she is definitely better than many average CS profs.,3.5,2.0
I found the course very easy, but the lectures gave me little to keep me interested. I often just sat in class and doodled. For CS 115, all the slides are in the course-notes, so I didn't really feel like I needed to pay attention in class. I'd say she's an average prof?not great, but definitely not the worse.,4.0,1.0
Great teacher, easy to understand, subject is boring but she teaches it well,4.0,3.0
good teacher,5.0,1.0
Best teacher ever!!! Honestly!,5.0,1.0
Sandy Graham is clear and concise. People who have been in her class would know that. She is good with her analogies and she makes sure people understand. Speed is fine as well. I had no prior experience in CS but after taking this class with her, I find myself loving it. You won't regret taking her class.,4.5,2.0
She is not bad. If you know what you are doing, you will be fine. She is just very not precious to look at.,4.0,2.0
Well lets face it... CS134 is a joke so in terms of how well she teaches... it's probably really in depth. Nothing seemed hard in the course and she did fine teaching it. Not really strict and in all honesty, she definitely did the best with the material given to her :D In my opinion, she was a good professor.,5.0,1.0
She made me hate CS and Java and computers after taking her awful class.,1.5,4.0
Worst CS prof ever!,1.0,5.0
Despite what people are saying, she is a good prof. I don't know where the 'you can't be late' thing is coming from. She only asked our class that if you do come in late sit at the back so that you don't bother everyone trying to get a seat near the front. Also, her examples were clear, and helpful, and as for her mistakes on the board, they wer,5.0,4.0
I think she is a very good prof. Helped me understand Java very well, given I have never done programming before.,5.0,3.0
I'm not in highschool!! She talks down to her students and can't teach very well at all. The material of this class was so easy, and its embarrassing the way she explains it. She even makes mistakes in the examples she does on the board! MY advice... go straight into 134, or take CS 135... one can learn java from a book!!!,1.0,1.0
I had her for both 131 and 132 and she helped me get really good marks in both- I think her teaching skills are excellent and she really knows how to explain concepts well. Lots of people didn't like her because they didn't understand the underlying concepts which is a question of sheer intellect, so don't rag on her for it. very good overall!!!,5.0,1.0
this former high school teacher sucks big time!!! I can guarantee she is the WORST instructor(not even prof) in this faculty!!!! she treated us like high school kid and we can't be late for class? in the winter time, we had to walk from AL to MC, how can she expect us to arrive on time in 5 mins?!?! WTF! also, she wasn't not helpful at alll!!,1.0,5.0
HORRIBLE COURSE. HORRIBLE PROF. avoid if you can!! doesn't explain things well (luckily i had a good TA), tends to favour males, doesn't even have a masters degree. she's a highschool teacher!! AVIOD if possible !!,1.0,5.0
I found the course itself very easy, and that worked against her in a big way. She felt it important to stress basic programming, which most found obvious. To someone who has never programmed, she might have been a great teacher, but not to myself.,2.5,1.0
avoid if you can....that's all i have to say,1.0,5.0
Horrible instructor!,1.0,5.0
She thought she is teaching high school students. She required us to attend class on time. I don't like the way she teaches and she is BORING!!!!! sucks,1.5,5.0
I thought Sandy was a good lecturer and was also very helpful for one-on-one questions. Good attitude toward education. Thanks!,4.5,3.0
Quite clear and can speak at the level of the students. Addresses student questions until they have been satisfied. Lectures were decent, Practicum well done,5.0,2.0
she is okay but i cannot understand what she is talking about,1.5,4.0
she sucks so bad,1.0,5.0
Nothing special, but not horrible, either. At times confusing. You could do much worse (e.g., Kates *shudder*).,3.0,3.0
It's an easy course for hose who already know the material - but even she still makes you second guess yourself. Horribly confusing and has such a useless lecture.,1.0,2.0
She sometimes just goes on a trip during the teaching period...and a TA just comes and handles the lecture...Woo...,2.5,3.0
She should know how to code in Java before teaching it.,1.0,5.0
Takes stupid random 'class poles' ever 5 minutes. Only the 3 ppl answer. Unclear,2.0,3.0
Be confused. Be very confused.,2.5,3.0
Good prof, but can get confused. Classes are very dry and boring. Easy marker.,3.0,2.0
Horrible, would help if she grew a brain and was even semi-decisive,1.0,5.0
Okay prof! Tries to explain the stuff to the best she can,3.5,2.0
She is the worst prof.Can't explain but expects you to do her hard exams.,1.0,5.0
Ugly. Picks on students. Ignorant. Going to class is pointless.,1.0,2.0
She is ok,,4.0,3.0
sit in front=get attention, seems she doesn't know much more than the text.,3.0,2.0
she is extremely hard to understand.... think twice before going to class...,1.5,5.0
It would be nice if she taught stuff that would be useful on the assignments!,3.0,3.0
Don't expect her OR yourself to understand.,1.0,4.0
Your better off getting a copy of Sam's Teach Yourself Java in 21 days, trust me,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
it would help if she understood the course before trying to teach it...,2.0,3.0
thought she could teach better now with more experience.. she didn't...,1.0,5.0
run away, run away, you'll regret taking her course,1.0,5.0
Assignment always confusing. Stupid hard exam question - even TA didn't get it.,3.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Went to 2 of her lectures for the entire term, and I fell asleep in both of them,1.5,3.0
AHHHH!!! Dont even mention her name :(,2.0,4.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
might have been better if it wasn't cs,3.5,2.0
She is basically a high school teacher,3.0,3.0
useless,2.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
Her class makes me wonder if this is kindergarten or university.,2.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
it's all been said: "unprepared for class" & "doesn't know how to explain",1.0,4.0
She managed to confuse even herself when explaining seemingly simple material.,1.5,2.0
Good prof, notes were helpful/useful, course was stupid though,3.5,4.0
Easily the worst prof I've ever had,1.0,1.0
totally unprepared for class - ugh,1.0,2.0
used very good examples, stupid course though,3.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
wow. cs is NOT her subject....,2.0,2.0
Not the brightest, but explains things well and keeps my interest,4.5,1.0
She doesn't know how to explain stuff. Her lectures are not heplfull at all. She,1.0,5.0
really nice prof and genuinely care about students, work hard on the assignments and sample history and math test, this course is easy af. but the group project can be tricky,,5.0,4.0
Best prof I've had at UW (in addition to an awesome course!). He's an amazing story teller, so lectures were fun and interesting to go to, and he's easy to approach. Learned a lot from my assignments and the big essay I wrote. The math on assignments can be tough, but overall Steve was AWESOME and would definitely take another course with him!,5.0,3.0
His lectures are incredible, and hes a genuinely good person. The assignments can be tricky though.,5.0,3.0
His lectures for History of Mathematics (CO 480) are very fun to attend.,4.5,2.0
He is amazing. He does a history of math portion to his lectures and tries to get you to connect with your mathematical ancestors. He also has a world view and talks about things that are not math specific. His classes force you to think and question what you know of math and the world. I would take a course just to have him as a professor.,5.0,3.0
One of the few professors I actually remember and I still consider a mentor. He shaped my view of mathematics and it is a shame that I got to know his approach closer to the end of my time at UW. He went out of his way to help me out and I am grateful for his assistance. I ended up graduating from a MMath because of his help in CO 350.,5.0,3.0
10/10 wud repeat just be in his class,5.0,1.0
Best prof. in his field.,5.0,1.0
Has online modules so I can listen to his hot voice and never go to class. He teaches me while I'm in bed. 10/10 would smash. Good prof. Baller.,4.5,4.0
He's pretty good, helpful and coherent. Still, he ain't gonna babysit you.,5.0,2.0
Funny and engaging. Don't care which section you signed up for but find out his time slots and attend his sections. You won't be sorry.,5.0,1.0
Fantastic lecturer and incredibly helpful. He's crystal clear, rigorous, and knows the material forwards and backwards. My fortunes changed when I retook this course with Furino.,4.5,2.0
Absolutely awesome! The only reason why the people think of his course as hard is because there's a lot of new, interesting stuff most people haven't seen before. He wants the best for his students and that's shown when he is not sympathetic about people's marks but wants them to earn their marks.,4.5,3.0
my favorite prof in uw. funny knowledgeable and very clear lectures.with him a hard course will be easy.teaches you a lot extra interesting stuffs beyond the course contents.hope i could take his courses again!,5.0,1.0
Great prof!,5.0,1.0
best prof ive had.very clear.very helpful.funny.talk a lot more than the course.,5.0,1.0
Amazing Prof! Extremely cooperative, very knowledgeable, dead honest. Has a memory only a computer can compete with. University of Waterloo needs many more like him. Was very helpful in giving me an academic reference letter for my graduate studies. Go to his lectures and you can't help but fall in love with him and his teaching style.,5.0,1.0
BEST PROF EVER!!!,5.0,1.0
Good explanations of course materials,4.5,2.0
The things he teaches in class are not very clear sometimes. He just ask you to memorize the fact.,3.0,3.0
good prof. funny. doesn't elaborate enough on some concepts though.,4.0,3.0
Furino is my absolute favourite prof. LOVE LOVE LOVE his lectures, would not miss one for the world.,5.0,4.0
I had him for Linear Algebra. While everyone seems to love him, I always thought he was kind of confusing and his handwriting made the course an even bigger pain. He is a super nice guy though and every Friday had a history session for like 10 minutes, it made every friday feel like friday.,3.0,3.0
Excellent professor. Yes his teaching may be confusing at time but he is extremely helpful and knowledgeable. Knows how to keep you interested.,4.0,3.0
I had him as a prof for Math 136. He is an okay prof. Linear algebra isn't an easy course, and he doesn't make it any easier. He is though, a very nice professor and a funny guy.Where he truly shines is during office hours. You can bring in your midterms(or even final exam) and argue for marks where he is very negotiable.,4.0,3.0
Excellent prof, great explanations and always enthusiastic about his subject.,5.0,3.0
Absolutely amazing. I haven't been to lecture for 1 month since my orignal professor sucks..but after going to his lecture for one week I already picked up all the materials from before.. yea..hes THAT amazing.,5.0,3.0
He keeps the class entertained while teaching boring material with his funny stories and math history bits. He also creatively added a magic show with numbers one lesson. He refers to the textbook but doesn't teach directly from it, and gives awesome notes. BEST prof I've ever had!!!,5.0,2.0
Superb teacher. Makes classes interesting, does an excellent job of teaching difficult material, shares interesting bits of math history, and yet keeps on the same pace as the other sections.,5.0,3.0
Quite probably the nicest, most helpful, and best professor I've had in university to date. And I'm in 3B now.,5.0,3.0
Very well organized lectures. Math history every friday was fun and educational too. Highly recommended.,5.0,3.0
"Take this to your room of meditation and meditate upon the wonders of mathematics.",5.0,3.0
Steve is the bomb. Every time I take a note I think "He just taught this so well I probably will remember it without needing this note.",5.0,5.0
Amazing prof! Got to know every student's name. One of the best profs I have had so far.,5.0,3.0
He`s an amazing professor. Really makes the class interesting. He makes an honest effort to get to know the students in his classes, and really cares about making the students do well. Math History fridays were, of course, awesome too.,5.0,4.0
Basically Read All The Others!,5.0,3.0
Great teacher. My grade was purely my own fault. Very clear and very fun and you don't want the class to end. At the same time you learn a lot during his lectures and he keeps the class involved and awake.,4.5,2.0
he's the best algebra prof ever! no matter how late i stay up the night before, i always try to get up for his class. he makes everything so interesting, and his notes are very organized. very approachable and nice in person. love his mathematical terrorists =D,5.0,2.0
amazing professor, honestly tried to help all student, SO caring and empathetic!!!,5.0,3.0
Great prof. He gets off topic alot but its entertaining. Math history fridays. And he is very friendly.,4.0,3.0
I nearly failed his course and I still think he's awesome :-) But that's my fault, not his. He is terrific. Actually infuses some humor into the lectures which prevent them from being dry and boring. A much more suitable prof for CO as opposed to CS. Should definetely stick with teaching the Optimization courses.,5.0,5.0
Well, I failed his class miserably, but I still think he's awesome!,5.0,5.0
Good prof. Boring material, but he taught it well. Catchphrases (e.g. "take it to your room of meditation" etc.) got a little grating by the end of the course. Assignment marks were wildly inconsistent, but that was a problem with the TAs, not him. Impressive that he learned everyone's names so quickly, considering the size of the class.,4.5,2.0
A very thorough and helpful professor. He's also very entertaining and tries to make the topic as interesting as possible.,5.0,3.0
The course itself is not very challenging. His notes are very long and very very detailed. It would be better if he could do more examples and cite the theorems in the notes.,3.0,2.0
He will try his best to help you out. If you show him that you are a hard working and a worth it student, he'll make sure you do good in his course. JUST make sure you go to every class and try your best to be up to date. If you are one of those lazy ones who miss classes and last minute workers.. DO NOT TAKE HIM. or else he'll make he screws you.,4.0,3.0
A tad a better in CO 350 than he was for CS 132 in the sense that he explained concepts a lot more thoroughly as opposed to repeatedly asking for student input on topics which we're never explain in detail to begin with. That said, his lectures are well organized, however constructed in such a way that it only really benefits the stronger students,3.5,5.0
Furino is a good prof with a lot of energy and passion. However I found this class very difficult and if you're one of the weaker students he comes off as a bit arrogant and you feel "out of the loop" as he sometimes directs his explanations at the top students. However he makes the material interesting and "Math History" is an added bonus.,4.0,4.0
this guy was a dick.. i don't know why there's so many good comments.. he only likes you if you know stuff.. so he 'teaches' to the smart and leaves the dumbasses (such as myself) behind :( (and i have a 90.5% avg excluding cs),2.5,3.0
By far my fav prof! (EVEN MORE THAN LARRY SMITH). I love his pot smoking applications. So funny! He has a great attitude, great energy & being in his class is a joy! Helpfulness & clarity is definitely comparable (if not better) than high school teachers,5.0,3.0
Had Furino a few times at St. Jerome's. Now out of University I look back and he was by far the best Prof I ever encountered. His stories were great and I still retell some of them today :),5.0,3.0
I loved this guy, I won't lie! Great sense of humor, great way of dealing with students, high level of enthusiasm, etc. But it's only good to have him if you really know what's going on. Otherwise, stick with Becker!,3.0,5.0
he is the man,5.0,3.0
his lecture is confusing at first but everything turns out to be crystical clear after 3 weeks. Math history on Friday gives us a break away from linear algebra..,4.0,3.0
well,try to be late on friday-"math history day",5.0,2.0
This is a tough prof. He marks the exam so hard!! Sometimes you feel you can get at least 4/6 and this guy will probably only gives you 0.5/6 even if you get most of the ideas right.,3.0,4.0
This is a great class. It is really tough, but Steve is a great prof. He is funny, and easy to understand. You can approach him about anything at anytime, his door is always open. Math history Friday is great too! A++,5.0,4.0
He's so easy to listen to, and really doesn't make you feel dumb for needing alot of help,5.0,2.0
Excellent teacher. I would not mind attending his lecture again and again.,5.0,1.0
He is the best prof that I've had so far! I didn't want to miss any of his classes; he gets his point across and is very helpful. Also, math history every friday was definately an added bonus!,5.0,4.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
What a nice guy! I wasn't even in his lecture section when I bugged him for help once when he had his coat on and was about to leave, and he stayed behind a few minutes to explain stuff to me.,5.0,2.0
Nice guy, hard exams, so-so assignments. Doesn't mind when geeks in the class suck up!,3.0,3.0
Good sense of humour. Always wakes me up in the morning. Gotta love the math history.,3.5,2.0
He's the reason I changed my mind about hating CS.,5.0,3.0
Very helpful professor. Best way to learn is to stay ahead of his class.,4.5,4.0
Great prof... keeps your interest in the subject,5.0,3.0
Best teacher I had. Funny and not boring, what more do you need?,4.5,2.0
Worth going to lectures for his Larry David-like (Curb Your Enthusiasm)appearane,4.5,3.0
hilarious guy! i switched TO an 8:30 am class so I could have him!,5.0,1.0
Clearly a great prof...,4.5,4.0
The prof is awesome, though the course is a joke...,5.0,1.0
Clearly I was framed and I do not think Steverino sucks. - Compsci,5.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
Wish I could have him for all my math classes. Totally AMAZING teacher! The BEST,5.0,2.0
Doing nothing is really important.,5.0,1.0
excellent prof. Makes this tough course easy to understand.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Steverino is awesome! Math history with him rocks, and he's an educated teacher,5.0,2.0
awesome professor, sometimes an attitude, but mostly good,5.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
One of the funniest guys I know. "CS Issues" discussions are awesome!,4.5,2.0
He was kind of a ****,2.0,3.0
very helpful during office hrs., good sense of humour, one of the best,4.5,2.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Amazing. Finally a prof who can teach Math in more than just theorems and proofs,5.0,3.0
No Comments,2.5,3.0
'Imagine you are walking down the street...' Math history ROCKS!,5.0,1.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
amazing prof since enroll in his C&O350 class.,5.0,2.0
intelligent thinker. love the friday "math history" section. can't wait for 351,5.0,2.0
He was my first CS prof and definitely one of the best I had during my 5 years,4.5,2.0
Not only was he clear, he made the lectures interesting.,4.5,3.0
I remember reading about him before University - he really is that good.,5.0,3.0
I thought I was being taught by god himself,5.0,1.0
I have never met a professor as disorganised as Dan. His marking criteria is inconsistent, assessments are confusing, communication is always delayed and attending his class only made me confused and more baffled at the subject Overall it was a horrible learning experience and I regret that my tuition is spent on such an awful learning experience.,1.0,2.0
Avoid this prof! All of the course content is horribly disorganized. Labs are disjointed and the instructions make little to no sense. Both students and TAs had no idea what to do. The assignments are extremely long despite being worth little to nothing, and don't contain lecture content. Prof never checks email so communicating is impossible.,1.0,3.0
Most topics are easy to grasp. But, outside of tutorials, assignments and past exams, there aren't any practice questions to prep for exams. Confusing lab instructions, but labs are easy if you're good at OOP. Dan is nice and fair, but also senile. This makes lectures boring and communication between him and the class difficult and frustrating.,4.0,4.0
I took course CEG4912 in 2020 Winter. Honestly speaking, we did a project not that great but he gave us good grades. He's very humble and nice person. Team projects in this course will help you get a job after graduation as you'll have something to speak to your employer about.,5.0,1.0
you will learn something from his labs.,4.0,4.0
I have no idea what I'm supposed to be learning in this class but it's definitely not what I thought it would be. The course topics seemed to be more along the lines of control systems than real time systems.,1.0,4.0
It is a great class, take advantages fo his professional experience with industry, it allow us to configure it real routers during the class. I recommended!,5.0,3.0
Take the class!,5.0,3.0
Expert in internetworking. Very practical in approach of teaching the course. Gives u hands on experience to routers and switches. Really enjoyed studding his course. Very nice to students.,4.5,3.0
He is one of the best professors I know. As a teacher, he gives the right guidance. He knows what he is talking about,5.0,1.0
A nice teacher, very good in his field.,4.0,1.0
Ecelllent Prof. If you listen to him and r willing to lear you will learn a lot. But if you go expecting a prof to give you everything like in highschool you will hate him. Depends what you expcet in a class. he is on of the best in his field.,5.0,1.0
Horrible teaching skills!! He does however have a lot of knowledge in the domain. He just doesnt know how to explain it efficiently and clearly to students.,1.5,3.0
Missed one month classes, another 2 3-hour presented by his students. Never care about teaching, material no logic, unstructed, enjoy torturing the whole class and original material, highly unqualified, do not waste your time and money.,1.0,4.0
This guy is good for whatever he does in research but should just stick to that! he is the worse prof i have ever had at UofO, no pedagogical skills. He rambles, he does not care about students, he is unorganized. SEG4140 is the new nightmare course for the SEG program as long as IONESCU teaches it!,1.0,4.0
Worse Ever. I wonder he even had a degree (which rumors say he failed his PhD defence - here you go). Doesn't know how to talk. Ruins the schools reputation <period>,1.0,3.0
Wow had I known how bad this school is I would have never come here. What is wrong with people why don't they say anything.,3.0,3.0
Overall, a good professor.,4.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
I went to class for the midterm and to hand in assignements and still got a B. Does anyone know what this class was about?,1.5,4.0
He is very unorganized and doesn't give a crap about the students,1.5,3.0
A bit unclear at times, but he know his stuff better than any prof I've had.,3.5,3.0
A man who thoroughly enjoys torturing all students in any way possible.,4.0,5.0
too old to care, time to retire. never prepard for the class,1.0,5.0
Absolutely the worst prof. I've ever had at OttawaU,1.0,5.0
super cute and I love his shoes!!!!,5.0,1.0
all mumbles during class,after class answers qs by telling turkish prover,1.0,5.0
His 2min pauses between thoughts are mind boggling!!,1.0,5.0
If profs are meant to be late, incoherent, & post surprise assigns, he's best,2.0,4.0
Very very very boring,1.0,1.0
I fell asleep in every class and woke up at the same slide he started with.,1.5,3.0
Inability to make sense. His lectures are just him mumbling,1.0,3.0
Vague and tests not relavent to subject matter.,1.0,2.0
When you aren't rushing through the material, he's a good professor, he knows what he needs to teach and how to teach it. However, he is in constant fear that he's behind in the material, therefore he rushes through it and confuses his teaching. Something super easy can be made extremely difficult when he rushes through. Tough course, average prof.,3.5,4.0
Philip Scott is one of the best I have ever had in my many years of university. He is amazingly knowledgable, he is always willing to repeat and help his students understand. The course itself is extremely difficult, very abstract mathematics and logical concepts. However, he made it seem simple and was always available throughtout the semester.,5.0,3.0
Phil Scott is one of the worst professors I have had at this Univrsity. It didnt help that the course he taught was hard enough as it is. Very boring lectures, Very unhelpful, and it feels as though he doesn't want his students to get good marks.,2.0,5.0
For a easy course like 1348, he is not the prof you want to have. He uses diffident symbols to show one thing whereas just one symbol could do it. When he teaches you it is like he is showing off his knowledge instead of really teaching you stuff. Worst man I've ever seen in my entire life. He actually can ruin your university life.,1.0,5.0
If you really want to dive into theory, this is the course, and this is the dude. I wouldn't recommend him for a more computational course like MAT1341. He posts extra notes for you at 2am then bikes to 8:30 class and kills it: every week. Answers email seconds later, and you can stop by his office ANY Time. Fun to talk too as well.,5.0,3.0
This proff is very clear in what he wants. 1. midterm a bit hard but still ace able 2. assignments aren't long or hard 3. all the notes are given 4. final very easy He is a very good proff in explaining and all the people who complain just didn't attend class(even tho its mandatory).,4.0,1.0
Worst prof I've ever had. Had him for a year. Terrible teaching, uses the notes from other profs to post online and not his own so some terms and notations do not match. Absolutely useless for posting study material online, and what ever he does post is a day or two before the midterm or final and once again not his. Doesn't have a train of thought,1.0,5.0
If one was to explain something as simple as (ab), this prof. can for sure be counted on to make it as tedious as possible in his explanation. P.s. he loves giving history lessons. Should teach history instead. Math should be taught by those who can explain and help understand well, not by those who understand it alright for themselves.,3.0,4.0
Probably my favorite professor there at Ottawa U. His lectures are extremely well thought out, and are very well presented. He posts as much information as one could want to help pass the course, and is always there to help. Found myself going over his notes more than the text book. Highly recommend to anyone in the Maths.,4.5,2.0
Phil Scott is a really nice prof and he is very supportive, tries to convey the information as clear as possible and makes sure students get the point before he moves on. He cares for his students and wants everyone to pass, his tests can be a little tricky but if you study you will definitely do well in the course.,3.5,3.0
It's a fun class. Scott is clearly in it to share what he loves (math) and the midterms are from the old exams. Final however was much more difficult (very long and no repeated questions from the old exams) but I am pretty sure he marked it lightly since it was so long. Oh: please don't take this course unless you are in math, physics, or CS. p l z,5.0,4.0
In a nutshell, his lectures are extremely confusing. However he tries his best to help you and if you go to his office hours he's more than willing to help. Most of the class didn't understand a word he was saying and I was forced to use patrickjmt and MIT lectures to understand his material. Avoid if you can, if not, attend his office hours.,2.0,5.0
This guy is the epitome of a math professor! Loves what he does, cares about students, and that spills over into your enjoyment of the course. I enjoyed the history anecdotes too. Excellent prof! My only complaint, possibly the worst board eraser ever! Can be challenging to read notes sometimes.,5.0,1.0
This course was interesting. He is an enthusiastic lecturer and a nice guy. The assignments were brutal and his notes were sloppy and unorganized. His midterm & exam were okay, a lot of opportunity for bonus points but a lot of material you need to remember. Not my ideal math elective but could have been worse.,3.0,3.0
The only downside about this prof was that he made the final exam extremely difficult. Hope he'll bell-curve the final exam grades like a lot of math profs do. Other than that, pretty great prof, fun to listen to, assignments/midterm reflect what was learned.,4.0,2.0
Horrible prof. Can't speak French properly, so we can't understand what he's saying while we can't understand the subject matter! He heavily relies on his notes and the book, often neglecting to explain something in class, saying "Look at my notes" or "Look at Hofstra's notes". Does a poor job at making sure we understand. Homework's unrelated too.,1.0,5.0
He's all over the place. Doesn't seem to know what he's talking about half the time because he jumps from one topic to the next. His mini-tests every week are fine and pretty easy to understand, then he assigns homework with absolutely nothing we have learnt on it expecting us to understand and actually do it. This class really makes me hate math..,2.0,4.0
Engaging and animated lecturer; he is enthusiastic about the material and it's hard not to catch it as a student (if you've already some interest in math/logic). Generous marker, frequently gives bonus questions (which are actually doable!). He can be a bit disorganized with scheduling (due dates, office hours) but it's a relatively minor issue.,5.0,3.0
Very good professor; clear and concise. Gives lots of assignments which can be, at times, challenging (though solvable), however the midterm and final exam are a joke.,4.5,3.0
Excellent professor. Conveys subject matter clearly and effectively. I find that he taught discrete math perfectly, almost flawless per say. He's really kind and helpful in his office hours. Only flaw is there's alot of homework, but it helps alot!,5.0,3.0
Really great prof. He makes the subject as interesting as possible, and speaks clearly. He often repeats subject material more often than is necessary, but I'm sure students who have a more difficult time understanding appreciated it. Homework/Assignments are very challenging, while his midterm and exam are much simpler and fair. Would definitely have him as a prof again, highly recommended!,5.0,2.0
Decent professor, enthusiastic teacher and extremely helpful when you go to his office. exams r not at all hard if you know your material and do your assignments yourself.,4.5,3.0
Clear voice and excellent, confident teaching. I had him for 3 courses and loved all three. He's a logician so take any logic course you can with him!,5.0,2.0
haha...the only thing I can make sure is his English is pretty well.,1.5,4.0
Goes a little fast at times, but as long as you're on top of the material, his course will run very smoothly for you. Clever algebraist, with a youthful spirit. Aside from baldness, I don't see any noticeable similarities to Gargamel.,4.0,2.0
Do you know the schtrumphs, and the guy that used to eat the schtrumphs, yeah well he looks just like that guy, except that he doesnt have a cat running beside him...Charchabil is the name i guess, yeah, he has that same evil attitude that makes you fail your course miserable unless you love cats or hate schtrumphs,1.0,5.0
I took 1st and 3rd year Logic with Phil, and he is an AMAZING professor. He is one of the best teachers at this school, and it would be a HUGE mistake not to take a course with him, no matter what program you're in! It also doesn't hurt that the material, while challenging, is interesting and exciting.,5.0,3.0
Awesome math prof (Y),5.0,1.0
Love Pro. Scot's course forever!,5.0,2.0
Great course!! One of the most intersting and easiest ones I've had!,5.0,1.0
Had him last year and loved him!! He's my favorite prof ever, conveys the message effectively, and made it fun and interesting!!! I love Phil!!!,5.0,1.0
I claim to you that he was a fun guy. Good class.,5.0,2.0
Extremely Hard Finals! Really good at giving exams were 1/2 the class fails,3.0,5.0
The best. He showed us clips from "Monty Python and the Holy Grail" for logic!,5.0,2.0
one of the best teachers I've ever encountered..,5.0,2.0
his teaching made me feel interested in math for the 1st time.,4.5,3.0
Excellent prof! Being in his class was a real pleasure!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,3.5,2.0
He knows his stuff, but likes to go off on tangents every now and again. His slides are derived from the textbook authors. So pay attention in class and you won't need the text book. Extremely approachable and will take the time to discuss ideas with you if you are willing to put in effort. His assignments are more tedious than challenging.,4.0,4.0
Not helpful, not approachable. He likes playing with words to show he is humorous, while actually demonstrate himself to be rude.,2.0,5.0
BAD teacher period! Does not explain, mumbles a lot, wants people to ask questions yet gets mad when they do. Wears a bone around his neck. VERY BORING guy, boring repetitive assignments (in a bad way). TOUGH TESTS. For those of you that think he knows his stuff, I say: I hope he knows his stuff, that's all he's been doing for the last 25 years!,1.0,5.0
You'll have to work hard, but it's worth it. He doesn't always give the clearest guidelines - I consider this a good thing. It leaves you room to explore and learn on your own, and he's usually good at spotting effort or lack thereof. He supports open source. :) He's somewhat set in his ideas, which is fine since he knows what he's talking about.,4.0,4.0
Hard courses, hard prof, but very intelligent. He can be tempermental at times, and once accused myself and some friends of conspiring against him. Said he wouldn't force prolog on us, but some assignments and the final required more than a passing understanding of it. Overall good course and capable prof, as long as you don't conspire against him!,3.0,3.0
Rambles, and can be hard to hear if he doesn't wear a mic, but he definately knows his stuff. Assignments can be hard, but you learn alot from them. Overall a decent prof.,3.5,3.0
Good prof for this course. Loves perl and linux, and shows it. Challenging assignments, kind of boring lectures.,4.0,2.0
He makes you work really hard! Excellent knowledge of the subject. He is a hardworker. He appreciates the effort. He gives bonus marks for his assignments. He is very intellegent person.,4.0,3.0
He's supposed to be hard... He's cool, knows his material...,3.5,2.0
Rambles a lot about stuff, so it can be interesting. The exams were a nightmare.,5.0,5.0
U look like luigi from Super Mario Brothers,4.5,3.0
Good Prof, poor presenter though he tried hard. We need a teacher, not a scholar,2.0,4.0
Not the best prof, but he really tries hard and that's worth a lot.,4.0,3.0
Excellent knowledge of subject matter.,4.0,4.0
He lectures the entire class time, which would be perfectly fine if he actually enunciated. You can never understand what he's saying and if you do hear what he's saying, it often doesn't make sense. He's very unclear with dates and it's not in a syllabus. If there is any other option, do not take him.,2.0,3.0
This is a very good professor! He explains poetry very well and allows you to ask questions when you don't understand something. He is by far the best English professor that Tech has. I never understood poetry and after taking his class, I have a better understanding of it. :-),5.0,1.0
(NOTE: My GPA is a 3.8) Dr. K is a nice guy; however, he is the least bit lenient and could care less about personal extenuating circumstances. He sticks to that syllabus like it's the Bible. He only gave two tests - a midterm and final. So, unless you're confident you can do great, take from someone else! It was a very difficult class!,1.5,4.0
No comment.,2.0,5.0
Has a real passion for the english. Works well with you on projects. Keeps your interest in lectures. Can be a tough grader, especially on essays. Very important that you keep in communication - he doesn't like it when problems w/your paper "come up at the last minute." btw - Kacz being rated hot is kinda creepy.,4.0,4.0
he was a good teacher and lecturer, but he is very hard for someone who is not an english major. graded very hard for nonenglish majors.,3.0,5.0
Great Teacher. Wonderful Stories. A real pleasure to take.,5.0,2.0
One of the BEST instructors. Extremely intelligent ... can answer almost anything and very easy to understand, as long as you are willing to do your part,5.0,1.0
very interesting class. lots of note taking and don't get behind on the readings because its hard to catch up for the test. The test are hard if you miss a class or don't keep up with the readings. Otherwise, you should do fine. Makes class interesting,4.0,4.0
one of the most thought-provoking classes i've had yet....truly made me think of other areas in my life, not just about philosophy, history, and english,4.0,4.0
He's a really cool teacher, kept it interesting. Barely read the texts, he covered everything really well in class. Tests were challenging, the class itself is thought provoking ^_^,4.5,3.0
terrible, terrible, terrible teacher. the only b i have ever made is in his class. unfair grader. will not work with you even if it is something that he did or was mistaken about. not clear.,1.0,5.0
he's a good teacher and very interesting in class. this is not just a fly by class. you must read everything that is given. but good teacher ans yes he does favor his honor studnts.,3.5,4.0
He doesn't like his none-honors students very much, and he is very hard!,1.0,5.0
A very smart man who knows a lot about british lit. but who also believes you should know as much and care as much. This was quite possibly the most boring class I have ever taken. His tests are extremely hard and the material is hard to understand.,4.0,5.0
cool guy, makes brit lit interesting. highly recommended.,5.0,2.0
I took his class in the summer of 2000. He is a delightful person. He is creative, intelligent, and interesting. I've never been so proud of a "B" before and I never will be again. He taught me more about writing than anyone ever had before.,5.0,2.0
He was very unfair.,1.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
He IS a hottie, I must admit! Also a good teacher.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
He was a good teacher, although it also helped that the class was almost an exact replica of my High School British Lit class.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
I WANT Dr. Kaz's BODY, NOW!!!!,5.0,1.0
He was very rude to our class from the first day,2.0,3.0
Dr. Kaz is cool,5.0,3.0
Overall good professor.,3.0,2.0
This man is crazy and scary. The only way to gain respect with him is to talk back. After talking back and fighting his antics, he treats you like a human being. He is harder on you if you are foreign (language barrier) or don't know the material well, so read up. He's at least clear and knows his material better than many professors uOttawa.,3.0,3.0
Very harsh, not very helpful. 30 students quit after the first day. Not available (regularly) at office hours. and HE WILL MAKE FUN OF YOU. But.. He knows what he is doing, interesting (but arrogant) attitude, and you will learn little but your patience, spirit and motivation will be put to the test. The best will survive the weak will fall.,1.0,2.0
Only one advice I can give. If you have a class with this prof, just run away. This prof was the worst prof I had in my entire life.,1.0,5.0
2/3 student dropped his course. Left need to prepare well to be scolded.,2.0,5.0
Good as a prof, and the course was interesting. He doesn't inspire you to participate in class though - if you answer a question wrong he will probably laugh or make fun of you.,3.5,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
obviously the other people here are just **** or something, this guy rocks my socks (in an educational kind of way)!,5.0,1.0
This man is insane. He's the modern-day terminator (in his own special way),3.0,3.0
He knows what he's doing. He probably had a say in establishing the technologies he talks about. Study his notes and the stuff on the assignments, and you'll do fine in the exam. Do NOT talk in class, he will make you pay.,4.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Book doesn't help much, the notes are good. Everything is based on them.,2.5,5.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
He made fun of my cool spiked hair, but he's bald! Total Nazi!,2.0,3.0
No Comments,2.5,3.0
Do not talk or make eye contact, he'll MAKE YOU PAY TILL you GRADUATE!,2.5,3.0
He is so strict that he scares me. Don't talk in his class or else!,5.0,1.0
funny but that's about it,1.5,4.0
Don't make eye contact or he'll put you on the spot and leave you feeling stupid,3.5,3.0
Ural , you are my hero,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
Hard to understand. A Hardass but a smart guy. Tough Final,1.0,4.0
He seems to be tough.But,in fact, he is very easygoing outside the classroom!;),4.0,2.0
Bad Stutter. Takes his work very seriously. Proud of himself.,2.0,4.0
The NOTES! What's the deal?! I might as well be reading Prussian after class..,2.0,4.0
Speaks in a special code,1.0,5.0
Worst teacher ever!!!. Stubborn,1.0,5.0
feel much much better than the first 2 classes, hope will b better!,2.5,3.0
Very strict... nerve wracking to be in his class! Overall, he teaches well.,4.0,4.0
Very engaging speaker, good at explaining content. Also a very easy marker which is a plus.,5.0,1.0
He loves his subject but loves his students even more. Made lectures very interesting and interactive and was always available to help out with assignments and give feedback. Made me not hate Monday mornings. Is a little homework heavy but it's always very easy, and there was only one major essay. Makes an effort to get to know his students,5.0,3.0
You can tell how much he enjoys teaching this sort of subject matter and how much he cares about his students. He was also funny and assigned homework that was fairly easy to complete, but helped us learn nonetheless. The only problem I had is his unclear grading criteria.,4.0,1.0
Dr. Faber is definitely one of the best, if not the best professor I had at UW so far. He cares about students, and often accessible outside class. Recommended!,5.0,3.0
Faber is one of the best profs I've had at UW! Very straight forward and makes long lectures interesting. Has a good sense of humour, and is always willing to answer any questions you have. The tests are hard for this course, and textbook and attendance is mandatory. Great prof overall! Hard course, but I thought he did a great job.,5.0,4.0
Amazing course, amazing professor. Really good lecturing style, every now and then makes a joke that just cracks me up!,5.0,2.0
Hands down one of my fav profs ever. Taking his class again in the future. He is such a nice guy and you can talk to him about anything. Take his class you will not regret it !,5.0,1.0
Dr. Faber is a fabulous teacher. He clearly loves classics, and manages to engage even the non-classics students. If you have any experience in classics, literature, or ancient history, this will be one of the easiest courses you'll ever take.,4.5,1.0
Professor Faber is one of the best teachers I've ever had. He is very knowledgeable, passionate about his field, and intelligent! Within the first week he knew all his students by name in a rather large class. He is also very kind and approachable. A language course is time-consuming, but I would definitely recommend it if you have the time for it!,5.0,4.0
Incredible prof and absolutely brilliant! His classes are always interesting and engaging due to his enthusiasm for the subject. Take his classes if you really want to understand the material on a deeper level, and enjoy it immensely.,5.0,1.0
Material is very hard but this professor is AWESOME. Keeps students interested and is extremely helpful and available. Definitely recommend this class!,5.0,3.0
GREAT professor, would DEFINATLY recommend to anyone who wants to learn latin from the best.,5.0,3.0
He is an amazing professor. I have never encountered someone with more passion for what he teaches. His excitement and love for classics is inspiring and makes going to class a pleasure. If you have the option of taking one of his courses, you should. He is fair, respectful and will make you love what you learn.,5.0,3.0
An amazing professor. The content of the course was really hard, but Faber delved right into the complex grammar of the language with epic enthusiasm. His tests are really hard, but so is the content; I would happily be taught by him again.,4.5,4.0
It was an absolute PRIVILEGE to have Dr. Faber as a professor. His passion for teaching was immense and kept my interest even in topics I did not think would be interesting. His tests were a piece of cake too. Thank you for your time, Dr. Faber!,5.0,1.0
Faber is a very effective prof. He is very interested in his work and it shows. The classes were very exciting and interesting. The workload was reasonable, just do what he suggests and you can get a good mark. The text, notes and lectures are key in getting a good mark. Take his course!,4.5,4.0
By far the best professor I have had! Most well spoken lecturer in the university. He keeps you excited to come to each class and really makes it enjoyable to learn this material. His tests are reasonable, not meant to trick you just to see if you know your stuff.,5.0,2.0
- makes the class very interesting, good notes posted up on Uwace, very helpful, funny, overall GREAT professor :),5.0,2.0
It has been 2 years since i had this class and i actually miss it! To this day i tell people to take this class because his passion for teaching ancient greek society made me want to learn. Don't take it if you are looking for a bird course, work is required. I find i still use what i have learned from the class.. AWESOME PROF!!,5.0,3.0
Knows his subject and loves what he does, which makes it a pleasure to listen to his lectures. Down side of his very, very high expectations is that tests are tests of retention and memory. 75 questions in 50 minutes where dates, times, and details count. Overall, great course (even if my mark sucks compared to other courses!).,4.5,5.0
faber is an awesome prof. his lectures are ridiculously clear and he is SO smart. if you take his class and want some comic relief listen for "and the like" at the end of almost all his sentences...its pricelss,5.0,3.0
an excellent professor,4.0,2.0
Faber is an awesome prof! He's so excited about what he's teaching that even though I wasn't very interested in the material he made it fun to go to class. Tells amusing jokes and explains concepts in a way that is easy to understand and remember. Definitely read the text book for the tests, sorry to say that it is a bit of a yawn!,5.0,3.0
He's knowledgable, clear, helpful, and funny.,5.0,2.0
I suck at Latin but I loved his course... I would recommend it to ANYONE. He's fun to listen to, always knows what he's talking about, and is genuinely interested in the hundreds of students he teaches every year... all in all, the best professor I have ever had.,5.0,4.0
hmm... i can only reiterate some of the comments from back in '01 and '02... possibly the smartest man alive and sexy too!,4.5,5.0
Prof demonstrates phenomenal knowledge and enthusiasm. He is genuinely interested both in the subjects he teaches and in his students. A tough marker, and gives little in the way of guidelines to help prepare for tests, but an excellent prof overall. By the way, I don't know why he's not wearing a ring, but he's definitely married ladies.,5.0,4.0
this prof really cares about his students. if you ask him a question, yes he may re-direct it to the class but that's because it was an important note worth discussing. one of the few profs on this campus that actually likes his job. maybe it's his enthusiasm in subjects and care for students but he definitely gets more attractive haha,5.0,2.0
this class goes so fast and you have to keep up because there's quizes every day. I've learned more about english grammer from him then in any other class. if you ask him a question he'll redirect it to the rest of the class, which makes you look bad. expects you to know the chapter before he teaches it which is kinda tricky.,3.0,5.0
what everyone wants to know is... how old is this man and why isn't he wearing a wedding ring?? he is soooo hot. the funny pronunciations like "human" just add to the cutenes!! great class, too.,5.0,3.0
This prof is an amazing teacher! he lectures so well and wants his students to learn what he's saying. Try your best to avoid a class though, miss one and it's hard to keep up.,5.0,3.0
Excellent prof who makes things interesting. He's passionate about the subject and it makes learning it all the easier. I loved to laugh at his pronunciations - "human" -> "uman", "altar" -> "alTAR" and some other humourous ones. Make sure you study for his tests. A good memory will help.,5.0,2.0
... and "and so forth"! But Dr. Faber is the BEST PROF at uw!!. he is really nice and helpful and the lectures (believe or not!) are sooo interesting and quite often hilarious (don't miss the lecture on the Sophists). you need to be able to memorize, though - the tests are quite brutal.,5.0,4.0
faber is super sweet! listen for 'and the like' lol. hes really organized and raelly well spoken. hes effing hilarious even tho he dones't mean to be. all tests are mc so be prepared for 75 questions thrown at you. need to know specifics and dates!! raelly good class...really interesting,5.0,3.0
Very informative teacher. His lectures way more on the exams, and he makes his topics interesting. If you go to class you can easily do well, but skip and you'll have no clue what's going on coe exam time. Overall, nice guy, and fair marker.,5.0,3.0
Awesome teacher. Best prof so far.,5.0,4.0
Informative and straight to the point. Every question is Objective, so you always know what to expect.,5.0,4.0
best prof ever! always available outside of class, even if it's not his office hours. definitely influenced me to take more classics courses!,5.0,2.0
Clear, well spoken, really well organized classes. Makes material super interesting. Tests really straight forwart provided you did the readings and looked over your notes..,4.5,1.0
he calls himself Darth Faber for a reason, hes very interesting and knowledgeable but also VERY tough on his exams,4.5,5.0
Great Prof to take! He's an amazing speaker and can pretty much convince you to believe anything. Would definitely recommended him. Missing a class is not the best idea.,5.0,2.0
AMAZING PROF! Didn't even want to take this class that much, but now I LOVE HIM! 930 class, and he keeps me awake because he's so into his teaching! exams are a little hard because basically ANYTHING can be on it, but it's still a worthwhile course to take. Cares about his students!,5.0,3.0
I just took his course as a replacement for a language and loved him! I will difinately take more elective courses he teaches. SO passionate, and makes the class really interesting. Everyone I have talked to loves his class.,5.0,3.0
a very good teacher, sympathetic to students,5.0,4.0
great prof, really knows his stuff, loved his classes,5.0,3.0
Eerily knowledgeable when it came to Greek and Latin and a great professor for literature studies.,5.0,2.0
A fascinating prof to listen to... eloquent and helpful.,4.5,3.0
I hated Latin, loved Faber. He's very energetic about what he teaches... he knows his stuff and likes to share it.,5.0,2.0
Wonderful prof. Very helpful in and out of class. Lectures are clear and understandable. Has a good sense of humour. Tests/midterms are a bit hard. Very knowledgeable and loves what he's doing.,5.0,3.0
An amazing professor, extremely articulate and definitely passionate. Time flies by when you hear him lecture!,5.0,3.0
this teacher knows how to make a class happy, he's witty, sexy and extremely charming, take his class, you'll want to take him home to meet your parents!,5.0,3.0
Very approachable and truly attempts to make,4.5,3.0
Sometimes you just get that one prof who makes you want to do well...he's that prof,4.0,4.0
Very knowledgeable, intellectual. Very hard midterm and final.,3.5,5.0
Excellent lecturer with a passion for what he teaches. Very approchable.,5.0,2.0
REALLY cares, indepth analysis not just data, VERY clear & helpful, really nice.,5.0,3.0
One of the best profs I've ever had.,5.0,3.0
One of the best profs I had at UW - he's the reason I have a minor in CLAS,5.0,3.0
hot latin teacher? sometimes it happens,5.0,2.0
good prof; very easy course! even provides a makeup quiz & assignment!,4.0,1.0
incredibly brilliant -- fascinating guy, REALLY cares about the kids,5.0,2.0
Amusing, intelligent, passionate, overall a superb professor.,5.0,3.0
you'd never think that your latin teacher could be sexy.,5.0,2.0
great prof! I love the way he teaches!,5.0,4.0
Awesome prof, he really cares about his students.,4.0,4.0
His first name is Remur and he is a dream.,5.0,3.0
A bit cocky, but somewhat deserved. A great teacher, with an awsome attitude!,4.5,1.0
This prof. is excellent, very enthusiatic about the subj. he is teaching & funny,4.0,3.0
Great proff!!!!,5.0,2.0
Very helpful with everything! Teaches GREAT and has her students in mind! Thank you Ms. Ryder!,5.0,2.0
very helpful, extremely nice professor.,4.5,1.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
Very nice and helpful!,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.5,1.0
Hands down the worst professor I've ever taken. She sure isn't afraid to let her opinions influence her teaching and grading. If you're like me and just trying to fulfill required religious hours, just find something else, it ain't worth it.,1.0,5.0
This class is easy as long as you do your work. There are 2 mandatory discussion boards a week. It was a flipped class so make sure you do the readings and watch the lectures before class. If you choose not to go to class, you can do an additional 2 discussion boards for credit. She gives feedback on your responses and be sure to read them.,3.0,2.0
I took this class asynchronously, which made this class difficult to get through the homework on some days. There are a lot of little assignments and if you get behind on them they can really hurt your grade.,2.0,3.0
I don't mind working hard for grades, but this professor gives F's often. In addition, she is unhelpful and degrading in her comments. I would not recommend her.,1.0,4.0
Dr. Wessinger was an amazing professor! There was SO much information to cover in this course and it was really tough to learn everything but it was all so interesting that it came pretty naturally for me and most of the other students.,5.0,4.0
One of the most underrated and under appreciated teachers at Loyola. I've taken 3 classes and counting with her. If you go talk to her/pay attention in class you'll find she's extremely intelligent and kindhearted. Her classes are super interesting and graded fairly. Make sure you do BB participation though otherwise your grade will suffer,5.0,3.0
Dr. Wessinger is a very intelligent person. Teaching an intro course is difficult and she does a good job at it. Her directions are crystal-clear and you should be able to know exactly what to do to get a good grade in her course. Plus she gives a great extra credit opportunity. She can be dry at times and her lectures are long but stay engaged,4.5,3.0
This one worst teachers in my history school. Don't know kid in our class that had an A. She is one of the most boring people I have listened talk and she literally just lectures for the entire class. Also she looks like she should have retired awhile ago.,1.0,5.0
I had her for my freshman seminar class, and I have to say she really helped me learn so much about the culture and the city of New Orleans. We had blog discussions every week, several papers on religious visitations, and a good amount of reading. If you do the work, you should be able to get an A. Also speak up in discussions!,4.0,3.0
Religions of the World class consists of about 6 Quizzes (10 T/F worth 1/2 pt each, religious visit paper, 2 essays, 2 blackboard posts weekly, and class participation. The class is not really difficult, but requires a good amount of work. The class itself can get very boring, but Wessinger is a very nice woman and easy to understand.,4.0,4.0
This is the most boring class I've ever taken. Her lectures are very vague and so is the material that she uses on her quizzes and tests. The text book is not helpful either. Don't take this class, find another religion elective to waste your time on. If you do take this course, make sure to attend and participate.,2.0,3.0
I took her for my freshmen seminar and she is a really sweet lady. I have no idea how anybody got anything less than a B.,5.0,1.0
I took an honors course with this professor and it was clear that the students were smarter than she was. Wessinger was only interested in getting students to memorize facts. I expected much more out of the course, which turned out not to be very challenging. I wouldn't recommend her to the more capable students.,2.0,2.0
I fell asleep 9 times out of 10 in this class. Attendance effects your grade so all you have to do is read the book and stay awake long enough to reply when she calls your name. I thought this class would be interesting and it has a lot of potential but I think Dr. Wessinger may be too smart for her own good. Take a different prof if you can.,4.0,3.0
Wessinger is one of those profs who cannot think abstractly. She is not very bright, and has a tendency to reduce complex concepts to one-line definitions. Just memorize the definitions and you will do fine. But it is overall a pointless class.,1.0,2.0
Nice lady, aweful class. You are required to comment every day, which leads to a lot of stupid comments (especially from Freshmen). She tries to teach too much instead of getting down to the essentials. T/F quizzes, but not really easy just do extra credit. Midterm and final are essay ?s but the ? is given beforehand and you discuss it.,3.0,2.0
Wessinger is extremely smart, has published many books and is an expert on new religions and "cults." Her class is unbelievably easy but you will learn a lot. She can be quiet and monotone so don't take the class at a time when you are likely to be sleepy.,5.0,1.0
Participation is a HUGE part of the grade. Not only do you have to attend, you're expected to raise your hand and ask questions to get pts. You have to write 2 things per week on the discussion board. Write a 10 page paper on any topic. The quizzes aren't that bad T/F. But the midterm and final are so time consuming to prep for; its outrageous.,3.0,3.0
Honestly, this class is very Biased. For one, she comes right out and tells you she's a feminist... She also imposes her beliefs on you in the most annoying manner. She's OBSESSED with women's issues and the concept of Millenialism. It's ridiculously boring and I just hate attending. Her tests are ridiclous also. Pass this class up if you can.,2.5,5.0
If you're a freshman, take this class! If you're not, skip it. She's mind-numbingly dull, her lecture is the exact material you read in the textbook, and she treats you like you've never taken a college class before. Most of her material is from the late 80s or early 90s and is in severe need of an update. Easy class, but a waste of my time.,2.5,2.0
I took her for Women in World Religions. She is very smart, and knows a lot of information. She is also really nice and funny and makes the class interesting. However, you do have a lot of reading to do, but she is not a hard grader. If you like good classes that are intersting, take her.,5.0,3.0
One of my favorites at Loyola. Dr. Wessinger has a very low key lecture style so come prepared to pay attention. If you get sleepy in morning classes, try taking her in the afternoon. I believe she practices Zen Buddhism and this definitely comes across in her laid back personality. Great outside readings significant enhance learning experience,4.5,4.0
She has a vast knowledge of religion, and she teaches a very non-biased class so as a student you learn a great deal. There are multiple ways to keep your grade up, and the tests are pretty easy if you read the material. She shows movies as well as leads lively discussions to keep class interesting. Loved this course.,5.0,3.0
All of the negative comments about Dr. Wessinger are true and the good ones are wrong. I have one more thing to add....she is a flake. She made the class stand up the first day and tell what religious tradition they were brought up in. Also, what does she write about now that the millenium has passed?,3.0,3.0
Women in Christianity is definately one of the most interesting classes I've ever taken. I think it is very valuable to anyone's education. Wessinger is knowledgeable, soft-spoken but firm. If you just take a few minutes to talk to her after class, before class or during office hours, you would get a more accurate feel for her teaching style.,4.0,4.0
i really didnt like wessinger at all. i thought she was boring, and often seemed like she wasnt really sure what she was talking about. the tests absolutely sucked... just one question. that's it. do or die. most of the time, she just graded it on whether or not you had the same point of view as she did.,2.0,4.0
She is really easy, but doesn't know as much as she claims to know. She always lets class out late. Annoying but since her class is so easy, it's worth it.,4.0,2.0
Dr. Wessinger is very smart and her her Religion and Media course is the best course I have ever taken. She encourages critical thinking on many levels and the material covered is interesting and current.,5.0,3.0
not an awful teacher but also not the best,2.0,4.0
Dr. Wessinger is very interesting and encourages learning on many levels. She is awesome for Religion and Media.,5.0,2.0
She was unclear about her grading policy, discouraging to students in class and negative towards men. She doesn't really seem like a good teacher, she may be smart, but I don't think her teaching style is helpful at all.,1.0,5.0
Not hard, but sometimes snooze-ville. She's a very nice and lenient teacher, though.,5.0,2.0
religion and media is a very fun class. she's pretty good at mediating discussions. she picks really excellent reading materials. not too hard.,4.0,2.0
I took models of the human behavior to get my science core completed. It was the only class offered left and I understand why. Assignments due Saturday, extremely hard grader and wants everything to be a certain way. Left comments that were borderline insulting on papers I got 90s on. I have never made anything less than an A in school until now.,1.0,5.0
Had to end up dropping. Very wishy washy with his grading. Gives me 85+ for the first 3 papers then a 68 for the most recent one. Did not have time for that. Plus he makes his assignments due on Saturdays.,2.0,5.0
He is incredibly specific and precise. Do not expect to put any of your own opinions, or thoughts into assignments. He expects you to follow his format for assignments to an incredible degree and is a ridiculously picky grader. He will take off points for failing to address something that you were never asked to address. Do NOT submit work late.,1.0,3.0
I believe Hymel did an amazing job with teaching stats. He gives reviews for the tests at least a week or so in advance and they are literally exactly what is on the test for each chapter. You have to go to class and pay attention though. You can't just skip and then read the book.,3.5,4.0
Dr. Hymel is seriously amazing! Don't listen to people who says he's impossible. The two most important things to remember about Dr. Hymel is that 1. the course is exactly as he explains its going to be and 2. ALL MATERIAL IS CRUCIAL. Focus on all class material as well as read the textbook (don't just skim through it!),4.5,3.0
Dr. Hymel is a really nice guy though I found it offensive that he prays in the beginning of each class. Like most college courses, this class is pretty much self-taught. If you read the text, go to every class and do all of the homework then you'll do fine!,2.5,4.0
He is a very nice man and means well, but this class was hell for me. I rarely make a C as a final grade in any of my classes and I was ECSTATIC with a D! Don't take stats with him. Many students I took this class with, it was their second time taking the class. Very nice, and he knows what he is talking about, but he doesn't explain well at all.,1.0,5.0
Very boring. I love school, but this class was like molasses. Teaching from 3 different texts is not beneficial to anyone. All assignments he grades he gives everyone incomplete making them redo about 6-8 assignments twice.Rambling on on one subject and then flashbacks to the old days don't help students learn either. Its time to retire him Loyola.,1.5,4.0
,2.5,4.0
I may not done as well as I hoped, but he is super helpful if you need help. He is so nice, and such a kind man. READ! and basically memorize!,4.0,3.0
Very funny, kind, sweet man. His tests start off pretty easy and become progressively more difficult. The final is the hardest- a bit of a surprise attack. Makes class as interesting as possible, but sometimes spends too much time on one point. Study the chapters well; glance over the math but don't worry about memorizing it.,3.0,3.0
Dr. Hymel is hard to follow at times but if you just READ & study the chapters for his test it is real simple. He uses his own TB so its pretty much verbatim. He also is the most compassionate & dedicated man to his job. He is super sweet! He does grade the research paper pretty hard but he gives so much feedback & a lot of time to improve it,4.5,3.0
Really nice man, really cares about his students and tries to help but pretty spastic in lecture and can spend all of class on one equation. definitely need the text. don't need to learn to do math just know facts about the equations (read and study the book),2.0,2.0
Had him for Intro to Research and Stats. The tests for intro were easy for the most part. He grades the research paper fairly hard but the tests are easy so it makes up for it. Stats/Methods was a little more difficult, but if you read the book you should be fine. ended up making an A in both classes. He also offers extra credit!,2.5,3.0
Stats was okay. Hymel really tries to help his students alot. He gives loads of hints and tries to make stats fun...but it's stats. Go to class everyday, take notes, try not to fall asleep, and read and study and you'll be fine. Be very meticulous with the SPSS assignments!you'll see what I mean.PS hymel is the ONLY stats teacher and cutest old man,3.5,4.0
I'm not sure why everyone is freaking out about Dr. Hymels class. I took him for research and statistics, and had no problems. His classes are not VERY easy, but they really aren't as hard as people are making them seem (just read the textbooks). While his class could be boring somedays, overall they weren't that bad. Plus, he is pretty funny.,4.0,2.0
I love math but hated this class. He talks in circles and uses strange examples which he sometimes makes you duplicate on tests. He's nice and, but he shouldn't be teaching. I did well and I didn't get anything out of the class. The final was aweful! It was nothing like he said & knowing the info doesnt help. Avoid him if you can.,2.5,2.0
Took research with him. Can't say I loved it but I didn't hate it. He teaches in circles and it takes forever for him to get to the point, so by the time he makes a point I already stopped paying attention. The material isn't too hard. The research proposal is a breeze if you try. He's kinda funny too...kinda.,3.5,2.0
I took Dr. Hymel for intro to research and I really enjoyed his class. Prior to the class I was pretty intimidated and very uninterested in the subject matter, but his organized and direct teaching approach made me enjoy and do very well in his class. He grades the research papers pretty hard, but his tests are beyond easy--I got 110% on two.,4.5,3.0
Hymel is a good teacher. Even though the material is not my thing, he tries to make class interesting. He tells lots of stories and has a great sense of humor. The material is a little tough, but he is helpful. The final is cumulative but not difficult. The tests are multiple choice with 2 or 3 short answers.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Hymel is *really* funny on the slick, you guys. The material is awful, but if you're really awake in his class it's pretty easy to learn b/c this guy is hilarious (in a corny grandpa kind of way). Plus, it's required for Psyc Majors and I don't know about Lewis, but you never have to memorize formulas for Glen's class.,4.5,4.0
It's not him its more the material he teaches that is difficult,3.0,5.0
great teacher.,4.5,3.0
Although he is very enthusiatic and willing to help, his teaching method is scattered and hard to follow. Sometimes it takes a few visits to his office to understand the material.,1.0,4.0
The prof is a tad bit eccentric in his mannerisms. His exams come from the workbook that is attached to the textbook. Be sure to purchse it, the questions come from it. There is no point going to class because you can self study the course.,3.0,3.0
A very boring class. Try to avoid taking him as a teacher at all costs, but some consolation if you do have to take his class is that it's pretty easy to get an A,1.0,1.0
dr hymel is the most boring professor ive ever had in my life! just thinking about having to sit through one of his lectures makes me want to vomit. its that bad. everything that comes out of his mouth makes no sense. nothing he lectures about has anything to do with upcoming tests or the course in general.,2.0,4.0
Not a very interesting class, but he tries to make it better. hard to get an A not hard to get a B or C...he's super willing to help,5.0,1.0
He is oh so boring. Boring and dry. I would not recommenc him. He is easy if you can endure the boredom. He talks the entire time. Students don't give much input. The tests are kind of easy and he gives bonus points on the tests.,2.0,2.0
Get out while you still can. He is horrible and his voice might kill you, that is unless the boringness of his class does not kill you first. His test are impossible, and he doesn't teach you any thing. I woul sit and stare at him durring each class, and not take in anything.,1.0,5.0
The tests are easy and he gives extra credit, but he is the most boring man alive...,2.0,2.0
Horribly boring...every time I walk into that class I want to cry...it is that bad.,2.5,3.0
Easy class because he gives extra credit and is very lenient. The content is sort of difficult, but you should get a good grade. His teaching style is very boring, but he is a nice guy.,4.5,2.0
Very boring classes! BORING BORING BORING! Tests are hard and many other projects.,3.0,4.0
his teaching style reminds me of a three-year-old kind on a sugar high. he's the worst teacher i've had at loyola-and i've had a lot of sucky teachers.,1.0,4.0
Boring class, but gives bonuses for every test, a study guide for every test, and a lot of extra credit opportunities. I've heard he's not a good upper level psych teacher though.,3.5,2.0
He lectures about NOTHING that is relevant to the course and it is SO BORING. I brought a book or magazine every day and I ended up with a 99 in his class. Do not take him. You will cry every day about the wasted time.,1.0,1.0
I had to drop his class. I could never stay awake because he was so incredibly BORING! His voice reminded me of the guy on the dry eyes commercial. Save yourself...do not take his class!,1.0,5.0
lectures are completely irrelevant to test material. he once devoted an entire class to a lecure on t-tests, something more appropriate for a statistics class. he makes things a lot more complicated than they really are, and then won't help you unders,1.0,5.0
I think he is the worst teacher, considering he doesn't teach, he rambles on something that has nothing to do with class. Then he tries to give hard tests on easy material.,1.0,3.0
very confusing and unwilling to clarify, i had to chase him down the hall to ask a question,1.5,4.0
His lectures seem to have nothing to do with the test material.,1.0,5.0
Awesome teacher,5.0,2.0
Dr. Ernst is a great teacher, her class is hard and there are not a lot of tests so it is hard to get the grade up if you do bad on one test. I would 100% recommend her class!,5.0,4.0
STUDY FOR EXAMS. They're the biggest/only grades you'll have as she doesn't give much homework or assignments. Wonderful teacher, engaging class. I have ADHD and it wasn't a struggle to focus, which surprised me. Don't be disrespectful, no phones in class, she makes kids leave if they're disruptive. Otherwise, she's an absolute sweetheart.,5.0,1.0
Professor Ernst may seem long-winded, but this teaching style is so helpful for understanding and retaining complex concepts. She makes her expectations very clear and provides more than enough resources for you to succeed in her class.,5.0,4.0
this class was down horrendous and stressful. shes constantly rambling and bringing up outlandish examples which she then uses on tests. theres no homework and only 4 assignments other than tests. if you fail a test you may fail the class. everything we did was rushed since she couldnt stay on schedule and we learned most material on our own.,2.0,4.0
The only grades in the class are exams over things we never learned.,1.0,5.0
Your grade depends on your tests. Professor is really caring and looks out for students. Her lectures dont cover all the material, but her tests are only on what she covers. Pay attention in class. Follows the syllabus pretty well. Dont take a online class if you get distracted easily, you have to pay attention.,4.0,4.0
She literally is an awful Professor. She never stays on topic, you will end up teaching yourself majority of the content. She goes off on tangents that last way too long and then constantly wonders why she is so behind in class. She does not care for her students at all. Trust me, you do not want this Professor. I actually put in the work too.,1.0,4.0
Dr. Ernst does care about her students- when I reached out to her about me not doing well, she took the time to go over things with me. However, this class is hard, and very test heavy. Her rambles include what will be on the test. Normally if she doesn't mention it in class then it won't be on the test.,3.0,4.0
Kim Ernst is a very knowledgeable person, she does tend to ramble a bit, but those rambles include material on the exams. This course is very test heavy, with 6 exams and being mainly the only grades throughout the semester. You MUST read the book if you want to pass. She can be condescending to students if there's no participation.,3.0,5.0
Ernst is one of my favorite teachers at Loyola bc she cares for her students but you also have to put work in. only 6 tests so kind of difficult to pull your grade up if you do poorly on tests but offers extra credit and will work with you if you go to her. highly recommend taking her if given the chance, but be prepared to put in some work,4.0,4.0
Only gives 6 tests throughout the whole semester so if you're a bad test taker avoid this class. Rarely posts any homework assignments so you can't bring up your grade if you fail a test. Also, takes 30 minutes to actually teach the topic (online class). My class had to teach several topics to ourselves bc she didn't. Not very understanding. Awful.,1.0,5.0
I love her so much, taking her class online now intro to research (PSYC) and I would not recommend taking her class online, she gets easily distracted. Attendance for Intro Psych, she made it so that if you didn't miss too many classes she would give extra credit. Pay attention to examples, she uses them on exams. Also look at the library resources,5.0,4.0
If you have the opportunity you need to take prof. Ernst she is amazing. By far my favorite prof. at Loyola.,5.0,3.0
Ernst is willing to help. her lectures are kinda boring but if you study your textbook, you will do fine on the tests.,3.0,5.0
Good lectures. It's an easy A if you read the textbook and show up to classes.,5.0,2.0
She is caring , straightforward with grading , everything she talks about in CLASS is on the exam so I recommend not missing class,2.0,4.0
Best psych professor at Loyola. 6 tests (including the final), no papers or quizzes. Offers bonus points for attending most of the classes. Usually offers more extra credit for participating in research. Extremely personable and always open to talk in office hours. Gives great advice. She does talk a lot and get off track. Overall, take her class.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Ernst is by far the best professor Ive encountered at Loyola. Her lectures are so interesting. Dont skip class, and youll get extra credit at the end.,5.0,4.0
You will remember everything this woman says to you. Amazing lectures, however if you sit in the front row be prepared to be questioned a lot. But Kim is a very sweet woman and very helpful and caring. Only tests, no papers, don't miss a class because many things she mentions only in class will be on the test.,4.0,4.0
I LOVE Ernst. She is amazing and the one teacher that actually cares about her students in and out of the classroom. She will LITERALLY call you if you or your friend have not attended class. She's the best, and gives great advice.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Ernst is by far my favorite teacher at Loyola so far. Her lectures are intriguing, engaging and honestly a pleasure to listen to (if you're interested in Psychology that is). The tests can be hard, but not if you're prepared. She asks that you read the textbook as we cover each chapter, but she also gives you a vocab list before each test.,5.0,4.0
Overall meh. I had her once and haven't wanted to take her again. Class was moderately challenging, but her tactics of getting people to follow her rules were over-kill. Not a great learning environment for me, but a lot of my friends have loved her.,2.0,4.0
Though she doesn't always show it, Dr. Ernst is very sweet and willing to help, as long as you put in the work and follow her rules (e.g. no cell phones in class). Grade was average of 6 exams, which aren't easy, but they're reasonable. Buy the study guide, and review your test with her during office hours! Good attendance gets you extra credit.,4.0,4.0
I absolutely adore this professor. She taught me more than I thought I would ever learn and after her class I have decided to declare a psychology major.,4.5,3.0
Kim Ernst is amazing. Her Intro course prepared me for Social, Abnormal and Developmental. Her class was difficult, but to be honest, I didn't do all the reading. Yet what I did retain was a firm foundation for future courses.,5.0,3.0
Ernst is fun but, teaches things the way she sees them. Once you understand how she understands the concepts, you'll be fine. Reading the textbook is the difference between an A and a B in her class. Final exam is just a composite of previous exam questions.,4.0,2.0
I am currently in statistics and do not feel adequately prepared after taking introduction to research with professor ernst. My current professor assumes we discussed a lot of material in research that was not covered at all. I'm disappointed because I'm a hard working student who is trying to get a good GPA for grad school,2.0,5.0
study as you go don't way till the last minute!,4.0,3.0
Ernst was a great teacher! I got a B in the class but I didn't put as much effort into the class as I should've and NEVER read the tb. Reading the tb would probably help a lot. She's engaging and super helpful towards her students. She appreciates students who take the time to visit during office hours. I def recommend her, just put in work!,4.0,3.0
Read the syllabus!,1.0,4.0
A lot of this is common sense. Ernst is very picky about every detail when grading.,1.0,4.0
Don't be fooled by her spunky attitude! If this class was based on her personality you'd get an A, but it is not! I studied everyday for this class and I only got a C! it is absolutely crazy! her exams are extremely difficult! Some people were glad to make Ds, that is how awful it was! if your're looking for an easy A, DON'T DO IT TO YOURSELF!,3.0,4.0
She is definitely not the easiest teacher, but she is definitely worth taking. She has amazing teaching capabilities, and although she is a little nuts at times (like all Psych teachers) she is still an amazing teacher! My Intro to Psych class was a lot of fun and hard work. You will definitely know your stuff after taking her class.,4.0,4.0
I couldn't imagine having a better teacher. I had her once first semester last year and I'll spend the rest of my four years trying to get her again. Her class is NOT easy at all, you'll work for your grade, but every second is worth it. She's fun, smart, and generally just an amazing teacher. Highly highly recommended.,5.0,5.0
She clicks very well with students. Like a favorite aunt, more than a professor. She does take the time to get to know you individually. Makes a really dry subject interesting with her examples. You do have to follow her rules--but the point of the class is learning how to follow APA instructions, so it's not her fault. Stay on top of assignments!,5.0,1.0
the research proposal is 50 percent of your grade. do every single homework. kind of crazy but very awesome and sweet and smart. do it!!!,3.5,4.0
She is the best professor at Loyola BY FAR. This woman could get a job teaching at Harvard or anywhere she wants, IMO.,5.0,3.0
Great, fun, intelligent lady. Would take her class again.,4.5,3.0
Dr. Ernst, please don't listen to the person below. You are hilarious and entertaining, you care about your students ACTUALLY LEARNING, and you make everything fun!,5.0,3.0
Shes really aggravating. She never stays on topic. In the first four days of class I learned 3 definitions. This is not because I don't know the words. She never stays on topic. She can't seem to concentrate on teaching but rather telling you about one miniscule detail over and over and over again. otherwise nice, caring, descriptive teacher,2.0,4.0
Amazing teacher! She is super nice and explains things very well. Open to questions and always willing to help. Difficult course. Optional study guide is very helpful for tests. Suggest actually reading the chapters.,5.0,4.0
the optional study guide book is a lifesaver. chapter summaries are great and if you can do the entire practice section you will probably ace the test.,5.0,3.0
Why does this woman not have a hot chili pepper?!?! I AM BAFFLED. She uses great examples during class and keeps things interesting. Everyone is always laughing. (: LOVE her. <3,4.5,2.0
She is AWESOME!!!,4.5,3.0
She's a really nice person, and she tries to make classes interesting. She cares about everyone and is good to talk to =],4.0,3.0
Great lady. Uses examples that help you understand the material. Takes roll. VERY scatterbrained. Goes on random tangents. Takes days to cover one section of material. Test questions are not direct but put into real life situations. Slightly difficult, but overall loved the class and LOVED ms. ernst.,3.5,3.0
awesome,5.0,2.0
We didnt really learn anything on the tests, it was all in the book. She gets side-tracked easy, but if you make a good grade on the paper and do ok on the tests you will be fine. But she is nice to talk to. VERY scatter-brained,2.5,4.0
LOVE HER! She is wonderful and makes you want to go to class. Her tests are tricky but if you study and understand the material you will be fine. She is the best teacher I've had at Loyola by far.,5.0,3.0
Overall a good teacher. Brings very fascinating stories and examples into lecture, but she tends to stray too far off on tangents. She only covered like 1/2-3/4 of the information she intended to. The tests were all multiple choice and mostly applied questions. The optional study guide is VERY helpful, and there's a copy in the library.,4.5,2.0
most of the other comments summed it up: she's nice most of the time but if the class messes up she can become...flustered. Not always there during her office hours. never covers the amount of material expected. has lots of examples. will get off subject easily. very fun class. definitely recommend her. research was kind of hard,4.0,4.0
I love this course, and I love Dr. Ernst. She is probably one of the best teachers I have ever had.,5.0,3.0
I took multiple classes with her and loved all of them. She can be difficult, but if you do the reading and put the time into studying you will be fine. Always willing to talk and help if you are having problems. She is very energetic about her work and makes you excited about it too!,5.0,4.0
You either love Ernst or you hate her. I took her for Intro and Social, and she's one of my favorite teachers. She never makes much progress in class, but it's because she loves what she teaches and really wants to explain it. Her exams are tough. Read all the choices and really think about them.Don't ask questions in class or she'll get off topic.,3.0,3.0
Incredibly entertaining and funny lady. Class is very fun and interesting yet she often gets so off topic, she never covers material in time for tests which make them extra confusing. quesions are also difficult but mult.choice. always late but who cares? very kind and will talk to you and help anytime she has available. LOVE HER TO DEATH!,5.0,4.0
She is really into her teaching and gives off the impression that she loves her work. She gets a little carried away in lectures and tends to not cover all that was planned that day, which leads to test being pushed back.,4.0,3.0
Her class is awful. She barely gets through one chapter before a test and you usually must teach yourself some of the material. She requires attendance, but i felt i learned more form the book than I ever did in class. Awful about make-up tests unless you are dying. class time always feels wasted. Always holds her class almost 10 mins late!,1.0,4.0
She is very nice, energetic, & passionate about the material. The class is interesting but the tests are hard. They are multiple choice but many of the questions are ambiguous and confusing. She goes on tangents often, but her class is my favorite. It is enjoyable. Take her!,4.0,2.0
she is horrible! her test are multiple choice but the answers are so unclear it makes it hard to get good grades. shes means well but her test do not reflect what she taught at all. she falls wayy behind n the students hae 2 suffer for it. would not take again,3.0,4.0
I loved her!! I really did.The tests are multiple choice and a little hard, but if you actually study its not problem at all. Go to every class and shell give you extra points. Going to class made a world of difference!! Shes also very nice and helpful outside of the classroom. Take her!!,3.5,3.0
Very nice person, good teacher. She is very serious about following directions, not talking in class, ect. SHe can be EXTREMELY hard to track down when you need help, she's hardly ever in her office and she's always late. I mean REALLY, REALLY late. Good overall though.,3.5,3.0
Her class is pretty easy, but she's very rigid about rules and regulations. Don't break them. Don't even bend them. Plus she's hyper anal retentive; she uses a chalk holder to write on the board.,2.5,2.0
shes great,5.0,3.0
She was very unwilling to help students outside of class, which is necessary for a class that requires a large amount of outside work ( a research paper). She also refuses to make appoitments if you can not fit into her office hours.,1.0,4.0
I did not enjoy this class, but Dr. Ernst is not a bad teacher. Her tests are tricky and she can be somewhat confusing when she is explaining the research paper. She knows what she is talking about, but is not very organized when she lectures.,2.5,3.0
Increased my interest for Psych. Hard tests, but not if you study notes and read text. Classes are fun and enjoyable. She's friendly, approachable, cares about her students, and is clear about the material. Definately take her!,4.5,3.0
You'll be stuck on one definition for a week. Take somebody else!,1.5,3.0
some people really hate her, but in general her class is not that bad...you don't move forward at all though and you may be stuck in the same topic for days, but its not that bad.,3.0,3.0
she is cool, very random...you don't really move forward in the syllabus a lot...but her class is fine and not boring.,3.0,3.0
tests are all multiple choice and are hard. You learn a lot. shes better for intro to learn things than any of the other teachers. very easy to get a hold of and if you want help shes very willing to help,5.0,5.0
Awesome person, so ready to help and very knowledgable. will bend over backwards for you. test are hard and long multiple choice. great for research. Definitely take.,5.0,3.0
she has a bad temper and sudden mood swings, but overall i really like her. she is very friendly, willing to help, and clear about what she expects from students. people tend to either really like her or really not like her.,5.0,4.0
Dr Ernst is awful. I am an upperclassman psych major and I took her class as a major elective. I have a 4.0 in the major and I def. will not still have it when grades come out. She is ridiculous, has no conception of reality, and gives super hard tests.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
A very good teacher and willing to help. She expects a lot out of her students, but you will learn more. She has sudden mood swings and a really bad temper, but you can avoid getting on her bad side if you pay attention and follow directions in class.,4.5,4.0
work for an A. boringggggg as hell but you can get an A if you come and read. Nice lady, funny but loses train of thought and random lectures.,3.5,2.0
I really enjoyed her class. Her class is hard. I made an F on the 1st test, but studied for 3 days before the second one, and made a 90. Hardly anyone will make an A in the class, but you will learn an awful lot. Good to talk to one on one.,3.5,4.0
Ugh. No comment!,1.0,3.0
She is short tempered and hardly available to talk to. She is not very understanding and the world seems to revolve around her. I didn't learn anything from her class, and will not ever take her again.,1.0,2.0
Dr. Ernst's door is always open and she is more than willing to help!,5.0,3.0
Dr. Kim Ernst is very helpful and tries hard to help her students. Take her Into,5.0,3.0
She is a very nice lady, but this class was a waste of my time. I actually want to go into management and she did not inspire me, push me to achieve more, or engage me at all. Seriously a waste of my money and my passion. If you want an easy A, take this class-- but if you are looking for that then higher education probably isn't for you.,2.0,1.0
1) class... easy 2) everything... from text 3)HOWEVER... She gets her test from test banks meaning the questions are often confusing; If you mark the CORRECT answer, the WRONG answer will be the "correct" answer. You will NOT in any way be able to argue with her on this even if you are right and have proof. DONT take her.,1.0,3.0
She is wasting my parent's money. She doesn't seem to take any pride in how she crafts her class. She is the reason people complain about tenure.,2.0,1.0
Thankfully the material is easy because she is so lazy, she just reads powerpoints. If you have a question she is rude and condescending, I have never felt more talked down to by a professor before about such trivial questions. She must have some social disorder, I just couldn't get past how rude she was to me (and other students).,2.0,2.0
Nice teacher but the class is so boring. It's an easy A, all her material comes from the text and she grades your presentations very easy. Take it for a good grade but don't expect to be entertained.,4.5,1.0
Easy and clear. Yes sometimes going to class seemed like a waste of time but you're paying for it so go. She tells you when she takes roll. Group projects are easy. I usually did the more time consuming roles in the projects bc I wanted to. Many opportunities for good grades. It's a basic beginning business class. So no it's not a challenge.,4.0,1.0
She's not hard by any means, but her tests are ridiculous and you do not learn anything in her class. She does not even teach we got out of class in 10-20mins depending on the day. Only go on extra credit, test, and group project days or else its a waste of your time and money.,1.5,3.0
Her classes are some of the easiest I have taken at Loyola. Just read the chapters before the tests and you can easily ace this class. Also there are two group case projects that include presentations, but it is super easy. Take her,5.0,1.0
She's very easy and kind, and you just regurgitate answers from the book. Independent and critical thinking isn't necessary. If you truly want to learn, don't choose this professor. If you want an easy A and don't care about the quality of your education, then choose this professor.,4.0,1.0
DO NOT BUY Books for class. I have had her twice now, paid a small fortune for her books, and then she changes editions regularly so your copy of textbook becomes useless. The bookstore wouldn't even take my books back for free.,1.0,1.0
She is really nice. DOn't go to her with a problem. Class isn't mandatory, so just go on extra credit days and test days. Read the book and you'll be fine. Try not take her early classes.,3.0,2.0
She is nice, most of the time, but if you have a problem she sometimes comes across as rude. She uses questions from the book and tests are only 25 questions, so if you miss more than 2, you dont get an A. This class was not hard, but it was not easy to get an A, which considering the material is pretty ridiculous.,4.0,3.0
Easy A! Classes are pointless, just go on test days and the day after tests for extra credit days. There are a few group presentations which are Super Easy!! Tests are all multiple choice/scantron. All you have to do is read the book. Easy class and very nice professor!!,4.5,1.0
Probably one of the nicest people! you don't have to go to class unless there is a group project. tests are easy if you read the material,4.5,2.0
She is very easy going. You dont have to class . Just for the test and the extra credit days which are the day after the test. For the test only study from the book.,4.5,2.0
The most cheerful teacher I have ever come across. Greeted each student with a smile as they walked in. Very clear and well-spoken. I was happy to go to this class every day. No-stress.,5.0,1.0
tests are really easy... just read the book,4.5,1.0
Class seems pretty worthless other than keywords she uses, but other than that the material comes straight from the test and is so easy. She drops your lowest test grade but does not give make ups. She's a pretty easy A,5.0,2.0
Super easy, I loved sleeping in,5.0,1.0
Very easy, but interesting.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Super easy -- read the book, do extra credits. Scantron tests based on text definitions.,3.5,1.0
Awesome, Easy Teacher!!,4.0,1.0
same as intro to bus. everything comes straight from the book. The only reason to go to class are extra credit days and case study days,5.0,1.0
Super easy. I never went to class and still got an A. Everything is straight out of the book,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
She's around less than some of the most flaky students. Her exams are super easy and material she covers or assigns in the book is never very difficult. Great to take if you're swamped with other classes and need it.,5.0,1.0
I don't care what anyone says - the woman is a ****. Yes she comes across as "nice, easy and sweet" but if you have a problem with something and go talk to her privately, she is extremely rude and one-sided. I took her for two classes and did well in both, but both were pointless and those books were too expensive to be used for pointless classes.,3.5,1.0
Dr. Arnold is a very nice teacher. She is really easy and her tests are only mulitple choice questions straight from the book.,5.0,1.0
The teacher was great, she was sweet, nice, and helpful, but this class was a joke. I only went to four classes and those were the test days and got an A. I missed one test, but one test gets dropped, so it doesn't really matter,5.0,1.0
Easy class- no attendance policy, and no reason to really go to class- just read the chapter and get the important terms and you'll have an easy A but dont miss the test day,5.0,1.0
i took dr. arnold 2nd sem. of my freshman year, and she is a very very easy professor...extremely nice, and straightforward..some say that she is boring, which is fine because attendance is not mandatory...just read the book and you'll do fine,5.0,1.0
class is very boring. tests don't change semester to semester. she's a nice lady,5.0,1.0
Ridiculously nice and energetic. Class is so boring. No attendance.,5.0,2.0
she's so sweeeeet! no attendance policy + you don't even need to go to class because her tests are basically just definitions and SO EASY.,5.0,1.0
very energetic, enthusiastic, and helpful; also one of the nicest people I have elver met,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Fr. B is the man! He is one of the most hillarious teachers at loyola. He makes fun of everybody! I loved walking into class with my sunglasses on 20min late for class and him just being like whatever. He lets class out atleast 30min early. If you want an A...just go to class...bring your laptop and have fun. Nothing else needed. I LOVE THIS MAN!,4.0,1.0
His class is a complete waste of time. Im not sure if its just the way he is or if he has alzheimers, but it was impossible to get any real content. Good grades if you draw a DG anchor on your paper.,2.0,1.0
Boileau is old and boring but his class is an easy A and you don't need to go to class,2.0,1.0
best teacher ever, go to class get an A,5.0,1.0
awesome!!!,5.0,1.0
awesome!!!! everyone should take him! easy, but interesting.,5.0,1.0
All the tests were basically the same. His lectures are passionate, but repetitive.,4.0,1.0
The best Loyola teacher, ever.,5.0,1.0
I stayed confused in that class. Still not really sure what he was talking about, but I got an A,1.5,3.0
No Comments,4.5,1.0
You can completely blow off the class and get an A (and if you get a B and go talk to him he will change it to an A- all you have to do is ask) or you can pay attention and learn alot. either way- its an easy A.,3.0,1.0
I showed up everyday and answered the questions right and still only got a B. Sorority girls didnt show up and/or got stuff wrong and got As. I wish I were in a sorority.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
NO idea what this class was about but I got an A,2.5,1.0
Great Proffessor, Knows his material, smartest man on Campus. Easy to work with will help you with problems. Every must take him.,5.0,1.0
I took philosophy of God and Making Moral decisions with him. The classes are soooo easy. I went only on days that my friends in previous classes told me we had quizzes. He tells you the questions for the quizzes and tests the class before. Take him!!!!,3.0,1.0
THE BEST S-o,5.0,1.0
Father Boileau's class is thebomb.com. I appreciate how he makes fun of people to no end. His class brightens my day and he makes me laugh. Who knew philosophy could be so fun with a man six feet seven inches tall?,5.0,1.0
Fr. Boileau is perhaps the most intellgent man I have ever met. He is so helpful and has an amzing educational background. No matter what kind of day I am having just seeing him puts a smile on my face! He's the best!,5.0,3.0
Awesome teacher, easy class but learned alot,4.5,2.0
No Comments,1.5,1.0
Very engaging,5.0,3.0
Easily the best CSI prof at Ottawa U.,5.0,3.0
Easily the best CSI professor I've had. Exams contain no surprises, lectures are engaging, and professor is cheerful and clear (also emails back very quickly for assignment questions!). Attend class, pay attention to everything, and do your assignments, and you'll do well. I loved this class, but would take any course if taught by Ms Boyd!,5.0,2.0
She is fantastic! Engaging, assignments and midterm reflect what is taught in class. Highly recommend!,5.0,3.0
5/5 would recommend. This is the type of prof that makes you want to take a certain course simply because she's teaching it. Great lecturer, crystal clear expectations for assignments and exams, good class notes, and very fair. Show up to class, fill in the notes she provides, and participate, and you'll have nothing to complain about :),5.0,1.0
She's always smiling and giggly. But I don't like her teaching style, what she says in class is what goes. If you solve it using a diffrent method and still get the same answer you'll get part marks. But she's willing to answer any question during her office hours, if there isn't a line of students. Don't buy the textbook its just a guide.,3.5,4.0
She is the best Prof I have ever seen. If you are in her class, you are a lucky dude!,5.0,3.0
Definitely my favourite prof in the faculty. She gives you these fill-in-the-blank lecture notes that you follow along with for the lectures; I find them extremely useful and very well executed. She gives great lectures, has great lecture notes, and has a great sense of humour. Fun to talk to outside of class, as well.,5.0,1.0
Amazing teacher! Explain things very well by writingdrawing in her tablet, and it's much better than reading any textbooks yourself. Textbook not needed, but must not skip class, since everything is displayed in class. Many tests, no assignments. Practices with answers are released before tests. I'd love to try her other courses.,4.5,2.0
One of the best prof at uO, really enjoyed professor Boyd's class, make this subject very interesting!,5.0,3.0
best notes ever. one of the best profs at uOttawa. I wish every prof could make notes like her. Keeps you engaged in the course.,5.0,1.0
Sylvia was one of the best CSI profs for UofO.,4.0,3.0
In the faculty of engineering/csi I'd say she is probably one of the best. Although I could not stand her teaching style, and her voice was so damn annoying. Her tone of voice sounded like she thought we were pre school kids. Her notes are only given out in class so it's pretty much mandatory to go. Her examples help 100% with assignments/exams.,4.5,2.0
It was a really well taught class.,5.0,3.0
Amazing prof! She was always super enthusiastic about the material which really helped to keep it interesting. Very good at communicating the ideas too.,5.0,3.0
Very friendly. Good sense of humour. Great professor overall.,5.0,1.0
She is definitely one of the best professors. She is very clear about materials. Assignments and exams reflect back on what we learned during the class so I always feel everything makes sense. She loves what she does and teaches very well. 5 stars for sure. Extremely recommended!,5.0,2.0
I wish all the CSI courses at uOttawa were taught by professor Boyd.,5.0,3.0
CSI 3105 - Excellent professor. I loved her teaching style. If you go to class and pay attention you will succeed.,5.0,3.0
She is an excellent prof. Take her class, for sure!,5.0,3.0
great prof!,4.5,3.0
Very engaging personality, she makes you attend every lecture if you want to pass, as the assignments/tests often refer to things only discussed in class, but not in the text. The handouts are templates you must complete by attending classes.,3.5,4.0
She is an awsome teacher!,5.0,4.0
ATTEND EVERY CLASS! The class notes are missing the most important parts, and you must go to class to get them. She also drops hints about the exam. Overall a hard, tedious but important course. She brings a great deal of enthusiasm and clarity to the subject. One of the few professors who is actually good at teaching and seems to enjoy it.,4.0,3.0
She's a very good professor. She is clear in her explanations. However, getting an A+ is very difficult. The main reason for this is because you need to do some analysis on the tests, which is not easy considering the time restrictions.,4.0,3.0
She really really really really annoyed me. S's so annoying you'll think your mom is teaching! Main problem is that she states and restates the obvious, and then asks about 3 different students to repeat it... YAWN!,4.0,3.0
Excellent Prof. Best in CSI. I took 2 electives with her after taking my degree course and loving it. She is the best.,5.0,1.0
she wants to make you think which is good. she is a **** of a marker.. dot your i's and cross your t's.. if you dont go to class and take good notes (she provides a good guideline for the lectures) then you are screwed... textbook for the course was terrible.. she is a good prof.. definitely conceited and a feminist but good anyway.,4.0,4.0
Best CSI prof in OU (not saying much though),5.0,4.0
one word, Excellent. Examns and assignment were challenging, to be expected from a third year course. thank you professor Boyd,5.0,3.0
Knows her stuff and knows how to explain it clearly. Complexity analysis simply makes sense once she explains it.,4.0,3.0
She is an excellent teacher. Has very good knowledge of her subject. you dont need any extra notes.:),5.0,1.0
Her lectures are organized and clear. The assignments and exams are challenging but fair. Exactly what I want from a third year course. :),5.0,3.0
cool stuff,5.0,2.0
She is the one and only one who know how to teach.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
She looks like your mom! (and makes you feel like it) Nice but annoying.,3.0,2.0
She probably thinks that we're in kindergarden... Extremely annoying,3.5,3.0
amazing,4.5,2.0
She brought us cookies!,5.0,2.0
I like your hair!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Best professor that I have ever had!,5.0,3.0
McKillen is a very knowledgeable woman, & she does genuinely care about her subject and that students read material. While she does not seem overly friendly, if you are simply honest about your situation she is lenient and cares. My only ills about her is that she tears apart your writing & her comments are difficult to read and understand.,3.0,4.0
Mckillan is not the best and that is being generous . She just drones on during her lectures never making an effort to make the class interesting. Normally I could get over this but she has becomome so biased toward her opinion that it makes any discussion fairy useless in class. If you want a class where all you have to do is bark back here ya go,2.0,3.0
Not overly friendly, however a good teacher that cares. Very knowledgeable about the subject she teaches.,3.5,4.0
An uninspiring human at best. She will reiterate all that you have read in the text...take someone else.,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
OH MY GOD. SO boring. And the sad thing is, I'm interested in history. She'd be in the middle of a freakin' sentence and then she'd start laughing at NOTHING! I don't even know how I managed a B in that class. Please, never take it,1.5,4.0
She grades waaaaay too hard! Every other professor teaching the same class is easier. She does laugh at her own jokes, make no mistake.,2.5,4.0
She laughs at her own jokes which aren't funny, knows a lot of things. decent class,4.5,2.0
Scared going into this class ..but was pleasantly surprised. Very knowledgable, witty and approachable. Grading is fair and class is interesting and always worth attending, as the Mid-term and final depend on it. Asks for input into the class structure ...one of the best history professors ive had..,5.0,2.0
she's cool.,4.0,3.0
Very dry, laughs at her own jokes (which aren't Funny), knows a lot of things, but is SOOOOOOoo boring!,2.5,4.0
Not bad at all, shes fairly clear with her notes, but her grading can be somewhat hard. Not too bad all and all though.,4.0,3.0
Sheesh, I dont know why this woman has gotten such bad reviews. I have always seen her to be fair, helpful, and clear in her lectures overall. She might not the most knowledegable professor around, and she does grade hard, but shes def no 1.7 rating.,3.0,3.0
I once saw her climb from under a rock before class. The class excited me on paper and then she made me dread attending. She taught/read from the book and to offer an opinion was an invitation for her to attack your credibility.,1.0,4.0
Killed alot of the interest I had in the subject matter of the class. Wears the same 2 outfits every day. Seems as though she hates lecturing, expects many minute details in exams. Do yourself the favor-- take the class with someone else.,2.5,3.0
Although the subject matter of the classes are intersting the manner by which it is taught is exteremly lackluster. This woman is also not very approachable.,1.0,4.0
One she showed up to class in an Apache helicopter in full army fatigues. Stay away!,1.0,4.0
This woman could make Attila The Hun seem personable. She essentially read from the book, her teaching style is dryer than the Sahara.,1.0,4.0
She seemed as though she would rather have been in a dentist chair than teaching the class. Rude woman, a bit condescending.,1.0,4.0
expect to fall asleep...she has a lot to share but geez absolutely no life in her!,3.0,4.0
Poor attitude, poor classroom demeanor made for poor quality classes.,1.0,4.0
A little sketchy on test grading, but otherwise a pretty good class,4.0,2.0
An excellent professor.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
Overall nice instructor. She will email you back occasionally. She's not prompt at emailing back or posting grades. Hard to get a straight answer. You will need the book as everything is based off of it. You will watch videos and type summaries of it. I thought it was a lot of work required vs the credit hours you got! TIME CONSUMING!,2.5,2.0
Class required a lot of time. There is a lot of homework. Class was not that difficult.,3.5,2.0
I took this course online! This class is TOO easy, but only if you enjoy working on your own, and don't require the professor's constant assistance. She takes weeks to post grades (mostly toward the end of the semester). The course work is straight from the book, as are the multiple-choice tests. I'd recommend her for an easy A.,3.0,1.0
She will not let you stay stuck or confused ask and she is available.,5.0,1.0
She taught me Ethics, but she is unethical. She made us give her our personal emails, then we started to get "spam" from the art gallery her husband owns. My grades were in the high 90s until I questioned her teaching, then my grades fell into the 50s. Once I questioned her about the grades ,they went back to high 90s. She doesn't answer emails.,1.5,1.0
Nice and sweet, highly professional expects the same of students. A ton of work, lot of time spent on her class. Overall if you do the work you will pass.,3.0,1.0
Takes weeks to update grades & reply to emails. The homework doesn't really match what you learned. This was an on-line course & had to spend 15+ hours per week on work for her class. Not impressed!,2.5,2.0
I wouldn't take this teacher unless you have no other choice. She doesn't reply to emails which is really bad when taking the on-line course. The work isn't hard, but is time consuming. I spent an average of 10 hours per week on it. She doesn't seem to know anything about marketing either.,1.5,2.0
All the comments are true. Waste of time and she does not know anything.,1.5,1.0
She takes weeks to respond to anything you ask of her. She takes no student seriously, and I agree with all other comments, her classes are a waste of time! DON NOT TAKE! She is demeaning and has a nonchalant attitude about grading. I will NEVER take a class with her again.,1.0,1.0
She is unresponsive to e-mails, and everything must be done on her time. She is short and does not care about anything other than the work being turned in and is not willing to help. She does not teach, merely assigns work. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASSES.,1.0,5.0
Waste of time to take inclass! Every assignment, test and quiz is done online! in class is simply a lecture straight from the book. Very easy!,3.0,1.0
The class I took with her was a complete joke. She did nothing but read powerpoint presentations and assign busywork. She aimed for 10 hours minimum of homework a week. She didn't know the material and oftentimes miandered through subjects not related to the course. I will never take a class with her again. It's a waste of money and time.,1.0,4.0
Took online; got A, but only because I read the book. Asked instructor several questions throughout course (via email). Only responses ever received were "I'll look into it". Assigns busy work; anally retentive, Type A person. Avoid at all costs.,2.0,2.0
For an intro to management class, this is the most poorly managed black board class I have EVER seen. She assigns a massive amount of work each week and makes you take an EXAM every week (Mult. choice, true/false, and essay). The work is scattered all around blackboard. You will spend all day trying to find it and emailing her does not help.,1.0,5.0
Good teacher. I learned a lot from her,5.0,4.0
I'm not sure how but I got an A in her class. She can apply anything in the book to her life. Kind of scatter-brained. Not a fair grader and does not read homework. She was a major character building experience; I thought my class was going to tar and feather her. Would not recommend.,2.5,1.0
This is one of the worst teachers i've had, she told me everything has to have your name,class, ect. on every homework in 12 times font,then when i put that on one of my homework and it was not all on one page she took off points, her respones was to make the font smaller DO NOT TAKE HER CLASSES,1.5,3.0
tHIS IS ONE OF THE WORST TEACHERS i HAVE HAD,1.0,4.0
did not teach anything. learned early that she didn't read homework. would just write down anything to get credit for it. Got an A, but didn't learn anything from it,1.0,1.0
She did NOT teach this class. She read power point shows and told us to read the book. she added nothing to the value of this class at all. she did not know the material even when asked basic questions. ie: what does SQL stand for?,1.0,3.0
She should retire,1.0,1.0
She is an amazing teacher. This class does have a lot of work but you can finish at home. Professor Meyer will go above and beyond to help her students who are willing to work. You can get multiple attempts on your assignment to get 100% and she will always be there for you when you need help. She is one of the best teachers ever. Loved her class.,5.0,1.0
Emerging Technologies was a fun class for an older student. Exposes you to tech and apps that our children are growing up with. Mrs. Meyer is awesome and enthusiastic. Available if you need help anytime (weekends, evenings,etc.), just be sure to schedule ahead of time.,5.0,3.0
She a great person to talk to and will always help the students with anything,5.0,2.0
MS. Meyer has a unique talent of being able to focus students to the core in every subject. She is direct, polite, demanding, and loves schedules- but she will also have your work returned to you in a timely manner. I highly recommend her for online and classroom courses.,5.0,3.0
Mrs. Meyer is awesome! She is very straight forward and does not tolerate any crap! She lets you know up front what her expectations are. She gives detailed tutorial videos which was a big help in Excel. She returns emails promptly and always gives feedback on assignments. Good or bad, she lets you know where you stand. Highly recommend!!,4.5,3.0
This class will teach you a lot if you are interested in learning about WORD. There is a lot of work, keep up and it can be done. She is helpful if you ask for it. You need the book.,4.0,2.0
I enjoyed the class. You had ample time to do the classwork throughout the week. However taking notes helped tremendously when it was time to review for tests. It was beneficial to me on my present job.,5.0,2.0
BEST PROFESSOR. Wish I could take her for all my classes.,5.0,2.0
I took this class online and overall, the material wasn't that hard. If you are having trouble, Ms. Meyer will help. We ALWAYS used the book. A trick about the online class is to NOT get lazy and procrastinate til the last minute. Do the practice quizzes more than once b/c those are the questions you will see on tests!,4.5,3.0
Colleen is an amazing teacher. She doesn't take excuses and likes to lead a very organized classroom. You probably wouldn't want to go up to her prior to her opening the floor for questions, but she will answer any question you have. If all my teachers were like Mrs. Meyer, all classes would be a breeze!,5.0,3.0
I took this class online. She is hard, but fair. She always left feedback on assignments. She quickly replied to my emails. She was very nice and I would recommend anyone taking her. I have had only 2 good instructors in the OT dept. The rest of the instructors are a joke to deal with.,5.0,2.0
The one ray of light in the entire IT/OT Department at CState. Every other tech teacher is horrible (check the other's comments). If u've ever had a myspace n messed with the html code, u should be able to get an "A" in this class. She gives detailed videos and instructions. She responds quickly to emails and DB posts if u need help. Great teacher!,4.0,2.0
She was just okay...not my type of teacher,4.0,4.0
Good teacher. You need to be self motivated since it is an online. It is a mostly self-taught course though if you ran into any problems she was always happy to help figure out what the problem was. Her style may not be for everyone but overall i recommend her =),4.0,4.0
Hard but fair teacher.,5.0,2.0
WAY to much work you have to get done. Although ALL the work is VERY easy. She has a nice personallity. Teaching style was good. She talked VERY Loud though. Overall I would take her again!,4.5,1.0
Arrogant attitude, not worthy of a professional,1.0,3.0
If you signed up for Web Development online in her class, you may want to consider dropping it.,3.0,3.0
Sexiest dressed woman at Cincy State.,5.0,3.0
She is a very good, polite, nice, kind, and fun teacher.,5.0,2.0
I thought Colleen was very knowledgeable and helpfull.,5.0,1.0
Very helpful with info on going to University of Toledo.,4.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,2.0
The class was easy but on a test it was something like "do this without doing that." I did but she took off points because I didn't do it the way she wanted me to. If she wanted me to do it that way, then she should have stated that. Never got t,3.5,1.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,2.0
Colleen is awesome. It's unfortunate that I only had her for half a term. (She had a baaabyy.) She knows what she's talking about and she doesn't cut slackers a break, making the quality of her students better... or something to that effect.,5.0,2.0
Yeah, will not take him again because he was very slow at grading homework for his online class. Not right that we were held to deadlines and waited for feedback that pretty much never came.,2.0,3.0
My biggest complaint is that this teacher was absolutely awful at keeping up with assignment grading.I had no idea how I was doing in his class(took online) because I didn't get my first graded assignment until 5 weeks into the course. He didn't respond to emails well either.I was very stressed out because of this.,2.5,3.0
have this professor currently, and have been waiting on grades for almost a month. i have SIX ungraded assignments submitted! If I am given due dates to submit my homework, he should be given dates he needs to grade it by. RIDICULOUS, and I will not take him again!!,1.0,5.0
Took this teacher online hated it. I took him in early fall and he graded a rough draft and then no grades till jan. He does not respond to emails. Do not take this teacher. I do recommend Rock neely he is the best took him online 1002 He is the best wish I took him for 1001.,5.0,5.0
It's 5 weeks in and he hasn't posted any grades. I had to revise my rough draft with no comments, because he failed to return it to me on time. Other students are having this problem.,2.0,3.0
I hate this teacher!!! I am taking his online course for english and it sucks. He doesn't grade anything. You are suppose to have monday thru sunday to do assignments.Its friday and I have a final draft to do by sunday and he hasn't even graded my rough draft. Like u expect me to have good grades? Don't take his class unless u want ur gpa to drop.,1.0,5.0
I'm currently waiting on grades to be graded that are well over a month old. Why am I expected to turn it in on time if your not even going to grade it? My revision was finally reviewed and there were no changes,I scored under a 20 out of 20. Did you even read my paper or did you just stick on a grade because you certainly didn't revise it.HORRIBLE,1.0,5.0
He is the rudest, most disrespectful person I have ever met. I am amazed someone has not knocked the a**hole out. I bet he even wrote some of the reviews on here himself because there is no way anybody likes him. STAY AWAY FROM HIM!!!! TRUST ME!!!!,1.0,5.0
This is my third week in Battistone's class and he still hasn't graded anything...never responds to emails, def would not recommend,1.0,4.0
Takes for ever to grade any papers. It took him anywhere from 1-2 weeks to grade essays.He expects you to be an english professor. Grades draft papers, I thought the whole purpose of a draft was to see what corrections you need to make not grade you on something your new at. Would never recommend him. Unless your already an english major!!!,1.5,5.0
Somebody explain to John that this's a college for and associate degree not a PHD. Avoid him unless you're taking less than 9 credit hours.,3.0,5.0
He's one of the hardest english teacher I've ever taken. HELLO this's college I'm here to learn from you not on my own. Wants too much to be done and acts like it's the only class you're taking. Pretty strict about timing. for god sake get a life Mr.Battistone,2.0,5.0
Stupid, boring class is you're a minute late, don't come to class. He takes attendance like we're still in middle school. Expect you to know everything ahead of time. Don't listen to these nerds saying that he's nice. You'll hate english after him.,3.0,5.0
barely community college material,1.0,1.0
Not much learned for the time and money. More interest in listening to himself talk than teaching class.,2.0,3.0
He clearly likes girls,5.0,4.0
Best dressed man on campus. Mr. Class. Obviously puts a lot of time into grading and class prep. Smells great too.,5.0,4.0
Mr. Battisone is extremely intelligent and knows how to keep his students interested in the subject. His class was challenging, but so worth the effort. He motivates you to do your very best and is always available to help you. Cincinnati State is fortunate to have him as a professor.,5.0,4.0
Rushes through everything like you should know what your doing,2.0,4.0
very knowledgeable, somewhat intimidating until you get a feel for his teaching style. very good teacher overall though.,5.0,3.0
Excellent professor... if he comes to class. He marks you absent if you're a minute late. EXCUSE ME BUDDY!! Some of us are 40 year old single mothers, not some young 20 year old frat who's staggering in class with a hangover!,3.5,4.0
Commanding in class, but very approachable. Excellent and clear.,4.5,3.0
Stern and Strict but very well educated and very helpful for those who attempt and then ask for help,4.0,4.0
Great teacher. Her advanced grammar course will make or break you depending solely on whether or not you pay attention.,5.0,4.0
The material is tough on its own, but Professor Johnson did nothing to make it harder. If something wasn't clear, it was easy to receive an explanation. She is available though e-mail and meetings and offers group study sessions several times each semester for this class. She's passionate about grammar and well-learned in it.,3.5,3.0
She was very helpful, and I was really glad I took this class with her and not someone else.,4.5,3.0
Took her for Advanced Grammar. If you have to take this class, be sure to get Prof. Johnson. It is a fair amount of work, but the class goes quickly, she is an amazing professor and makes it fun.,4.0,3.0
Great Prof. The course is challenging--don't bother enrolling if you want to coast along--but well worth the time investment. Johnson explains everything precisely; you will learn a ton. You'll need to do you're h/w, and there's plenty of it. She is friendly, reasonable, thorough, and wholly competent.,5.0,3.0
I liked her. The class itself sucked, but she was nice and friendly. Don't be tardy though, that's a good way to really piss her off! There was a lot of homework, but nothing unmanageable. She was good overall.,3.5,4.0
Very unclear with direction, i didn't learn anyhing,1.5,2.0
Her assignments were on the lengthy side at times but she is a very good teacher and a fair grader.,4.0,3.0
The only thing that bugged me with Johnson was that if I asked a question she didn't know the answer to, I'd NEVER hear the answer -- she didn't find out & tell us later. Otherwise, she's nice, friendly, and does a good job getting the class through a lot of material quickly.,4.0,2.0
What a disaster. The assignments were all so repetitious that i could not maintain any interest at all.,1.0,4.0
She doesn't have great social skills, but she's a fair grader and a really good teacher. She's really apporoachable and helpful one on one. (Just don't get in the habit of being late for class.) I'd take her again.,3.0,3.0
Johnson is a good English teacher, and her grading is fair. I was expecting the class to be harder than it was, especially since we were the guinea pig group for a new assignment idea. Her attitude was professional and friendly. A positive experience!,4.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
don't get on her bad side,1.5,4.0
Took Computer Architecture with Professor Wang. He basically reads from power points that come with the book. His test were not that hard, and for a Senior level class he made it pretty easy to pass. Not sure how much I learned though.,2.5,2.0
Dr. Wang is always ready and willing to help. The material is very difficult to grasp at times, so it's always recommended you come to class. I skipped a couple and ended up a little behind, having to spend the weekend playing catch-up. Funny guy who makes lectures interesting early in the morning.,4.5,3.0
Just reads PowerPoint bullets for two and a half hours. Make sure you read the book! Tests are difficult but if you attend class and he knows you're making an effort you'll get a decent grade. Know Verilog!,3.0,5.0
A little difficult to understand at times but the lectures are informative and he has a sense of humor. Does a lot of examples in class. Tests are difficult but he is a generous grader if he knows you're trying. Study hard or you end up working at Target, make 20k!,4.0,4.0
great teacher,very helpful. i highly recomand his class always.,4.5,1.0
He is a good professor,5.0,1.0
Really nice guy, very fair, and unlike most profs. in the dept. he actually smiles.,4.5,4.0
Had him for Circuits I & II, and E-Mag I. Lectures were mostly examples from book. Have to study and learn material on your own a lot. He is helpful if you are trying to understand material. Exams are 7-9 in difficulty from 0-10 scale (0=easy).,4.0,4.0
hard to understand. not forgiving of those lacking a good educational background,1.5,5.0
She is the best professor to ever teach me. it is only non-serious students who are likely to complain. All what she expects from student is to understand the reason for being in college and achieve your goal. Well done Dr. Margo Jang.,5.0,4.0
What a hard one,1.0,5.0
I wouldn't recommend this class to someone I hated. Long story short: Don't take her. She said the words AND I QUOTE: "Your exams were bad, of course." to the class.,1.5,5.0
If you want to spend forever on a 2 page paper, then have her as a teacher. If you want to type a paper full of short, choppy sentences, take her. She considers sentences with specific information to be wordy. Horrible teacher. Wish I had a different one. Do not take her.,1.5,5.0
At first glance, Dr. Jang seems like a sweet old lady. But in reality, she is quite condescending and I highly recommend finding a different teacher if you're not ready for more criticism then teaching. I felt like every assignment she gave us was "busy work" and didn't have a point.,2.0,4.0
Jang is TOUGH and unyielding, but I learned a lot from her. Baptism by fire, yes. However, she absolutely forged my brain for my career in technical writing. Her class is not for wimps...and tech writing is not for wimps. She prepared me fully for the discipline. Thanks, Professor Jang!,4.0,5.0
Rudest prof ever. She doesn't accept anything if it isn't in the right format and she will call you out in class if you don't do something right. She is so hard and doesn't treat the class equally, she doesn't give everyone a rewrite option on papers, only those who get a good grade the first time. I recommend finding another prof.,1.0,5.0
I dropped her class because she refused to accept any of my assignments due to improper format. When I asked what the correct format would be she didn't answer my question, or any question I asked for that matter. She also patronized me in front of the class. I dropped her class and when I took it with another prof. I received an A.,1.0,5.0
She is the worst professor ever hands down. Just do the work EXACTLY HOW SHE SAYS (USE THE SAME EXACT WORDS SHE USES). I got a B. AVOID THIS PROFESSOR if you can.,3.5,5.0
Yeah, Find a different teacher.,1.0,3.0
Yes, she is mean and I hated having her. But I learned sooo much from that class. I got an A because I put the attitude asside and just studied for the quizes and wrote the 2 page papers. If you try hard she will take it easy on you but long story short shes been there too long. we all know it. if you have to take her just do the work andyoullbeok,4.0,5.0
Dr. Jang is just about the worst professor I ever had. She is judgemental and has no problem expressing her opinion of you to your face or in class in front of your fellow students. She does not approve of IPA and uses shortcuts, despite the fact that the Praxis test will not. She actually counted correct IPA as wrong.,1.0,4.0
I had Dr. Jang for a summer semester a few years ago. She is difficult. She demands a lot from her students. She is very willing to help, she just doesn't want her time wasted with stupidity that you could've figured out on your own. Every professor since has commented on how well I write papers. Listen, stop whining you may learn something,4.5,5.0
She is very hard for a 100 level course. You have to use her exact definitions on tests and quizzes or she takes points off. She is a bit easier on you if she sees that you are trying, but she is still a very tough professor. I wouldn't take her unless you are going to be able to devote yourself to her class.,3.0,5.0
Worst Teacher ever. I don't know what kind of people are saying she is easy and nice. Very Strict, doesnt help when help is needed and grading is very hard as well. She need to remember that she is teaching 100 level courses!!!,1.0,5.0
Are you kidding me? All the effort & time in term & I get a D??? Give me my money back,1.0,5.0
Dr. Jang is THE BEST professor I've ever had! Yes, you have to work very hard to do well in her class, but you will also learn a lot! Don't take her if you just want an easy A!,5.0,4.0
Very strict. You must recite info on her test in full sentences using answers she gives you. Will not give you work if you miss a class you must get it from a student.,2.5,5.0
It was really hard and would not recommend her because she is very hard to follow and complains a lot about her students she makes you feel like your a burden,1.5,5.0
Jess...i took this class two years ago, but i still remember the pain i have to go throug..she wants to go to learning center everyday and night and very hard to fulfill her needs...if u can pls take another eng 101 class,2.0,5.0
To the last comment written I don't know what point you're exaclty aimming for! but if you really mean what you said, you really need help... or simply have no life. Margo Jang is in one way terrible person. Extremely confusing and hard. I passed her class with a B but I went thru hell and dropped a class to get there. Avoid her, plus she's evil!!,2.0,5.0
Haha, those who complain are the ones who depend on the instructor to spoon feed them, you have to adapt to instructors, she just wants to show you that she knows everything, her classes are easy, she repeats stuff over and over, yeah and thats what comes on the test. . .duh! made A's in both her classes, I recommend her if you are not a cry baby!,4.0,1.0
worst english teacher ever,makes me want to quit learning.,1.0,5.0
has the highest drop out in NKU don't waste you time she really sucks!!,1.0,5.0
She's so evil omg it's not even real. I hated english when I took it with her. She's extremely hard and expect you to know everything about writing. Forget about getting an A at her class, hope for a D and pray for a C,2.0,5.0
She sucks and very hard professor, doesn't care about understand just MEMORIZE. She acts like it's a do or die thing. International Students suffer through hell with her. Not recommended at all.,2.5,5.0
she's very passionate about her subject. BUT Eccentric. In a class of 12, i was the only one who didn't drop out. She's more demanding than any other professor i had. her office is the messiest. 5 years later, i became a tech writer in Aerospace. Her requirements are more demanding than in actual business. So don't let that scare you.,2.0,5.0
boring, stupid and a waste of money... don't take her you'll suffer I PROMISE,1.5,5.0
boring class, wouldn't take her,2.0,4.0
Horrible professor. She doesn't know how to teach and all she does is talk about the same thing OVER AND OVER again. So boring and her tests are freakin hard and long. DON'T TAKE HER.,1.0,5.0
You must memorize her handouts in exactly the words she has written them and then regurgitate it back to her on the test in order to pass! Grading of papers is very strick - and she recommends that you use the writing center (it gets you in her good graces as well) She is a very good teacher. However she is not easy by any means, and she is a bit peculiar.,2.5,5.0
I don't like giving professors bad ratings, and this may be my first. FIND ANOTHER ENG 101 CLASS.,1.5,4.0
Depsite what is said on here, Dr. Jang is a great teacher. Yes she expects you to work hard, but if you do, it payso off. If you want to learn about proper writing techniques, take this class. If you want to get an easy A look elsewhere.,3.0,4.0
No Comments,3.0,1.0
HORRIBLE!!! Tells people they will not do well in her class!! Expects way too much for 101. Does not make college class fun at all. I hated going to this class each week. DO NOT TAKE!!!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Thsi teacher was unrealistic. She is by far a horrible professor. If you are a freshman taing this class get out of it becasue she willmake you not want to come back to school. I had her in the summer and she was horrible some mornings i didnt even want to get up. Her instructions are unrealisitic and you never know what she will do.,1.0,5.0
This class was absolutely horrible! She couldnt stay on topic when she was the one who lectured about being concise. Hey expectations were too high considering the class level. You never know what to expect from her.,1.5,4.0
this teacher expects way to much for the level of class i was in she needs to stick with her 300 level classes. do not take her whatever you do!!!!!!!!!,1.0,5.0
I took this class a couple of years ago. Even though I got A in the class, I remember it as the most terrible and confusing class. Dr. Jang is disorganized, and as somebody mentioned previously, you never know what to expect. First 50 minutes of each class she was talking about margins of cover sheet and "right" format of the paper. AWFUL CLASS!,1.0,2.0
I took linguistics with Dr. Jang. I really wanted to learn this subject, but she's unclear and not usually willing to explain things.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,3.5,5.0
She is so hard and not clear. Thankx god, it's over,2.0,5.0
wow!...don't know waht to say, but don't take her. She makes the class very hard on students.,2.5,5.0
Oh, my... All I have to say is GOOD LUCK! Her class is worse then prison, you never know what to expect. Be ready two or three lessons ahead on your homework. Never know when she will ask for it! Horrible teacher!,1.5,5.0
You better do your homework and then some!,1.0,5.0
Militant about directions. Prepares you for publication. Willing to help!,5.0,5.0
Militant about directions. Follow them or else.,5.0,5.0
follow directions exactly or fail.,5.0,5.0
I took her as a freshman back in 2003. At the time I didn't realize how bad she was at teaching and gave her a positive review. But i've been a full time professor for six years and reflected on my education and realized that she was one of my worst instructors. She's not a good speaker and not particularly intelligent while being condescending.,1.0,3.0
Karen is a phenomenal public speaker, as she should be. However, her teaching ability is a tad underwhelming. This is a very hands on class. You learn from experience. Your speeches are the bulk of your grade but you also have a online textbook that you have the whole semester to do quizzes on. Midterm/Final are almost identical to the quizzes.,4.0,4.0
I believe she is a nice person at heart but her teaching methods are somewhat strenuous. She is a tough grader from the first speech. Be prepared to practice and study for speeches and tests as she expects you to prepare outside of class. Unfortunately, I never had the most consistent time management (took 16 credit hrs) and it showed in the class.,3.0,4.0
This is a communications course so of course you have to be there to understand the criteria. The first speech we had to do was graded heavy so be prepared. Be sure to do the modules before they're due. Sometimes hard to reach outside of class so talk to her during class. She's very understanding and gives good feedback. Practice makes perfect.,3.0,3.0
Karen expects a lot, but if you follow her instructions--you will pass. She's a great teacher. She wants everyone to come out of the class with better skills. She does sometimes give feedback in class, but that's only to benefit you. There is 1 intro, 2 inform, 1 persuade, 1 impromptu, and 1 persuade group speech. Plus, online book with 19 chaps.,4.0,3.0
Class is speech heavy, but is great practice for actual public speaking. Even though I feel like I didn't do well on some of the speeches, I still maintained good grades. She isn't really a tough grader, and most of her grading has to do with improvement. She gives good feedback, and if you follow it and improve, you'll do fine.,4.0,3.0
To be a public speaking class, she takes it a little over board. She wants your speeches longer than any other professor requires and she is very picky when she grades. You must buy the CMST stuff needed for the class, and don't underestimate her midterm and final. They are hard but you can use the internet to help you because they're online.,4.0,4.0
Dr. Slawter is an excellent public speaker, so her lectures are generally excellent. Speeches are given in order of a group and the groups rotate as to which group speaks on the first, second, or third day of presentations. The grading criteria is straightforward and feedback is honest and encouraging.,4.0,3.0
Professor Slawter is a very nice lady, but she's a very tough grader and expects a lot from you. You definitely can't pass the class if you miss regularly. The tests/quizzes can be pretty difficult. You don't need the hard copy of the textbook, if she gives online assignments. I really like her as a person but I probably wouldn't take her again.,4.5,4.0
It's public speaking, and she expects a lot, but if you have no problem talking you should do fine. Some of the tests are a little confusing and she doesn't always go over the material that is on the tests.,4.0,3.0
Karen Slawter is a nice lady. However, she thinks that her classes are the most important class you'll ever have to take. She is an EXTREMELY difficult grader on your speeches, and gives tests over material you will not cover in class. No real study guide. The tests are worth 100 points, and so are the quizzes. Worst class I've taken at NKU.,2.5,5.0
It was a very difficult class, I found it hard to learn because unless you easily learn from just a start lecture then you won't do very well. Her lectures were very uninteresting and I often found myself loosing track of the lecture. All in all it was difficult.,2.0,5.0
She has to have been the worst educator I have ever come across. If you have good speaking skills, you'll do fine, but if don't, you will do terrible. If you learn well by just listening to someone read off a PowerPoint, then you'll ace the class. If you don't, you'll do awfully. The only grades she gives are speeches and three very large tests.,1.0,5.0
She was an Awesome teacher, especially for me when I had a hard time speaking, and big crowds, and was very helpful. The only thing that annoyed me was that quizzes and tests were difficult as well as that the quizzes are worth as much as a test.,5.0,3.0
GREAT PROFFESSOR! i loved coming to her class and i actually came out of it a ten times more polished speaker. The only thing is that her tests are always a little off track from the study guides.,5.0,3.0
EXCELLENT Professor! Dreaded the class prior to starting, but it as become one of my favorite. Prof Slawter is energetic & thorough. Attendance, punctuality and delivering speeches on assigned days are a must! BUT hey thats REAL WORLD kind of stuff...she is always willing to answer questions and is very connected with students.,5.0,4.0
Karen did a good job as my professor in my last semester speech class. I thought she had a tougher time dealing with some of our immature classmates than teaching the class. And besides if you just do what her handouts say to do in your speeches type your speech outlines in a timely manor and practice then the rest of the class is a breeze.,5.0,1.0
Great professor! Very easy grader on the speeches, but the tests and quizzes can be a bit tricky.,5.0,1.0
Good prof! Would recommend her to anybody. I will warn you she is tough, but a good prof. Lots of speechs the final is a 12-15 min group speech,5.0,3.0
She was a very good professor. She explained things very well. Taking a summer class with her made it difficult, because she still had very high expectations of the class, although there was much less time to get the work completed. I do like this professor, but the class is hard. The exams are harder than you might think for a speech class.,4.5,4.0
Mrs. Slawter is a great professor. She is very straight forward and the class is fairly easy if you do you're work. I recommend taking her, but definitly do all of your speeches on time. I was late on one of them and recieved 10 points off making me recieve a B in the class instead of an A.,4.0,2.0
Professor Slawter was fabulous. She made you feel like she cared about everything you did. I received an A in her class and had absolutely no speaking skills going into it. She is more like a friend than a teacher.,5.0,1.0
Professor Slawter was fabulous. She made you feel like she cared about everything you did. I received an A in her class and has absolutely no speaking skills going into it. She is more like a friend than a teacher.,5.0,1.0
Very knowledgeable professor. When she talks in class it sounds like she is giving a speech herself. Really wants to help her students become better at public speaking. The syllabus outlines everything exactly as you will do it during the year. Try not to use note cards too much during speeches. You will come out a better public speaker.,3.0,4.0
She's a great teacher! I really improved with every speech because of her helpfulness and criticisms. She calmed my anxiety for public speaking and she's pretty lenient on speech grades...nobody in my class got below a C unless they didn't show up.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Slawter is one of the best professors I have ever had. She is so kind and will work with you if need be.,5.0,3.0
Doesn't give A's. Took 10 points off when I gave my speech one day late, because I was in the hospital.,3.0,5.0
She does not give you very much time to finish an assignment so when you complete something start on your next task immediately. She is very big on being conversational in your speeches and I would recommend dressing appropriate to your speech topic for extra free points. READ THE GOOF PROOFER!!,4.0,5.0
Nice teacher!! Her class is what you make it; it can be easy or hard. Her tests are hard, but she is clear on what you need to know to do well them; same with the speeches! She does have a VERY STRICT attendance policy therefore if you miss a lot you might want to rethink taking her.,3.5,4.0
Easyeasyeasy. You have to pay attention to dates on the syllabus though, she doens't remind about exams and stuff much. Also, she's very political and bring it up a lot in class. Definitely an awesome teacher with a great sense of humor.,4.0,1.0
She is a fantastic teacher and this was one of the best classes I took. You get out what you put into it. It is not hard to get an A or B.,4.0,3.0
I took her for speech 100 my freshman year, and only now, after four more years of school do I realize actually how bad of a teacher she was. She is hands down the worst professor i've had in college I could elaborate but I run out of room. But i could sum it up by saying how can you learn speech from someone that boring/confusing/unintelligable.,1.0,4.0
i hated this class. the teacher is like a robot. ive heard alot of other teachers are alot easier, she is very picky about the speeches not recommended at all.,2.5,4.0
Fun Class and a great teacher,4.0,2.0
I hated this class and this professor! I was mislead by the other ratings on here b/c she is not fun at all! Very right-wing biased and she will judge your speeches on if it is a subject she is personally interested in or not. She is not very understanding of people who are nervous public speakers. Don't take her!! This class was hell!,2.0,4.0
she was great. I took her over the summer and it was quick and painless as possible. She is a tough grader, but she tells you exactly how she will grade before hand so no grade will come as a shock.,5.0,3.0
She entertaining. Not very demanding. The earlier you have her, the better.,4.5,2.0
Very excellant teacher....she knows how to reach a class. Her test are very hard though so beware. But as entering the class I would recommend it. Shes a great person,5.0,3.0
Wonderful teacher! She's the department head and you can tell! If you do all your work for your speeches, you're guaranteed to pass the class. Easy and NOT frequent tests. Speech topics left broad and discussions are interesting! Highly reccomended!,5.0,2.0
cannot miss class. ever.,3.0,5.0
This class difficult. If speaking infront of a group of people is not your strong suit this class will not ease your fear!! The tests are hard!,3.5,3.0
I was scared at first because I think she is the department head. But I don't mind the class actually, tho I still get really nervous before speeches. Her tests are really hard tho, so be careful!,3.5,3.0
Look out for her tests their next to impossible.,2.0,4.0
I thought I'd never say it but, speech class is fun.,5.0,1.0
Rambler and super hard to understand. Gets ticked off when you ask him questions and he marks unfairly and puts material not taught in class on midterms and exams,1.0,5.0
Eliot I see you son! Keep up the terrific work my dude,5.0,1.0
Caring, knowledgeable prof,5.0,3.0
He's a rambler, if he's asked a question at the beginning of class, he still will not have actually answered it by the end of class even though he is still rambling on the whole way through. Read the material and come up with a rational and logical view and you will do well. Easy class, and sometimes amusing ramblings.,1.5,1.0
Levine is a great prof! Keep in mind he will tend to go off of topic in class, you may wonder what it has to do with class or feel lost but at the same time you can't help but be interested/entertained. Hallway convos last at least an hour! Very helpful.Notes not very useful but intra student convo is the best for exam/paper prep! Seat Belts lol :),4.0,3.0
Very dull, tends to ramble a lot. That said, he's a nice enough guy, and the course is very easy. He's pretty generous when grading papers, if you put a little thought into your essays you'll get an A. Lecture attendance is pretty much optional, don't believe anyone had better than 50% attendance all year.,2.0,1.0
he is a good guy, a good teacher, I did well in his class, kinda boring but it pays to show up.,3.0,3.0
,1.0,3.0
He's retiring, and we'll miss him. We'll miss hours-long hallway conversations about seatbelts, loosely related anecdotes, and him falling asleep during seminar discussions. Seriously, though, a great guy, a bit annoying at times, but overall a genius of unique character.,3.0,2.0
boring, pompous, and unhelpful. interesting to chat with, however. just be forewarned that hallway conversations last for hours. best thing to do is say you have to catch a bus in order to make a graceful escape.,1.0,3.0
No one should take his course unless their prepared to read the material, analyze it and ask questions. I did that and I did well. Oh and don't mention seatbelts. I ounce had a 3 hour discussion with him about it.,2.5,3.0
You can't win in philosophy, and his class is no different. Don't make any assumptions/statements, simply rehash what has been said and you'll do fine.,2.0,3.0
COO-KOO! Nuf' said.,1.5,1.0
OMG worst prof ever!All he wants to do is hear his own voice rambling on about absolutely nothing pertinent to the course.I will never recommend him and I wish I'd seen this website before taking his class.He only acknowledges his own point of view.He cannot stay on topic for more than 3 mins.AWFUL!,1.0,3.0
There were times I felt like falling asleep (even once when I think I did) in class. Uses the same examples over and over, but the discussion groups were good, I got a the most out of them.,2.5,2.0
Awful, easy credit, but awful. I was really looking forward to that class, he really needs to retire...it was an experience.,1.0,1.0
do NOT take an intro class with him. But if you're looking for a good mark in a second or third year class, take it with him. All you have to do is memorize the one or two examples he uses over and over and over, and do the readings, and you'll get an A.,2.0,1.0
Do the reading and his lectures will be clear. A lot of people expect philosophy lectures to simply summarize the reading, but Levine anticipates that you've already done it before his lecture and doesn't really feel the need to go over the main points.,3.5,2.0
OMG, i never dread going to school, and i love philosophy, however i hated going to this class, there was no discussion, it was like a joke that never got to the punch line. just terribble, i will never ever recomend or take another class with him ever!!,1.5,2.0
Oh my god, I wish I would have heard about this website before entering this class. Everyone's comments are absolutely accurate.,1.0,3.0
Awful professor, does not respect students' views especially if they oppose his own. Exams do not reflect personal knowledge but regurgitation of his opinions. Had the potential to be a good class but was ruined by his constant ramblings about seatbelts.,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
Definitely the worst prof I've ever had. His lectures were impossible to follow, boring and pointless. What could have been a really interested class turned into a waste of time,2.0,3.0
If you ask him a question, make sure you have eight hours on your hands for an answer.,1.0,5.0
I was so excited about my very first philosophy class, he ruined it for me. This guy is a joke and if they tested Prof.'s this guy would have been gone long ago. He taught us NOTHING! Spent all year whining about seat belt laws, what a joke.,1.0,3.0
Aside from never completing a sentence and smashing chalk, he really lives in his own crazy world. Ask him about seatbelts!,1.0,2.0
a university that allows this kind of abuse of the student body cannot be student oriented . this professor is not just incompetent. he is like the family pet finally learning to speak but keeping its natural intelligence. i'm going to the u of manitoba.,1.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
I thought I liked philosophy...he changed my mind.,1.0,3.0
a waste of time,2.0,3.0
He makes me want to be a prof. because apparently anybody and their dog can teach at the UofW. Seriously, the most useless class I have ever taken.. and I got an A.,1.0,1.0
Lets just say I made a top ten of levine's questionable questions list for fun,1.5,2.0
He had made sense twice throughout the entire semster,1.0,3.0
class has the same quality as a compost. only the compost is useful.,1.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
He is not there to tell you what to think, do that on your own. Awesome prof.,2.0,3.0
the fact that they let him teach should persuade you to go to u of m,1.0,5.0
be prepared to not know what the hell he's talking about!!!,1.5,3.0
ever heard of forced retirement,1.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
RUN AND DON'T LOOK BACK.,1.0,1.0
Phil. of Law class was OK if you filter out the seatbelt crap. Easy A+.,2.5,1.0
Too many concepts covered in such a short amount of time. We ended up going through an entire 700 pg textbook. Slideshows are pointless and very unorganized- mostly questions w no answer or run-on sentences that are difficult to understand. Overall, content is not difficult though. Read the text and don't rely on her slides.,3.0,2.0
Very aggressive professor, and will pick on if you're not paying attention. Most of the points that she stresses will most likely be on the exam.,4.0,3.0
Why is she even teaching? Worst mentor in the entire university. She is extremely strict and controlling. She lacks respect for her students and is often very rude. Not a good professor, and very unprofessional.,1.5,4.0
She forces students to participate and prepare for class, but the participation marks are still hard to get. Her exam grading is not easy, very objective. Don't know what she looks for. And you have to be very serious on your citations when writing papers. She is very picky. Worst prof ever..She is like my nightmare..,3.0,4.0
Classes are unorganized, most of the content can be taken from the textbook anyways. Grading and participation are a pain. Midterms/Exams are graded so subjectively and almost everyone does poorly. Participation is difficult to get.,2.5,5.0
She's too unorganized, so we rushed through some topics and had learn on our own. For the team project, choose your date carefully to avoid conflict with other projects and midterms. On the midterms and exams, plan your time accordingly since the time limit is pretty tight. Participation marks are worth 10%, so just say something every lecture.,3.0,3.0
d,1.0,3.0
Very good prof. She rushed her class but made it fun and interesting. Lots of examples and class interactions. Participation marks aren't hard to get and her exams are fair. Study hard, put in the effort and you'll be fine. She was truly excellent. :),4.5,2.0
Great prof - she's interesting during lectures, and you really do learn a lot. But she's very intimidating especially when you have to participate in class. Make sure you know your stuff for the midterms, they require application. This course isn't really a mark booster, but if you study hard, you'll end up with a decent grade,4.0,3.0
Take the course with Charters if you have the choice. Participation marks are stupid and she's much too full of herself.,3.0,4.0
i thought that she was a very thourough and knowledgable prof.,5.0,1.0
Knows her stuff and teaches well. Exams and tests are fair and are all basically from the book. Participation marks are stupid tho, you have to go to class to get them.,4.0,3.0
overall an ok prof. very unorganized during lectures and rushes the info a lot. don't rely on her lecture slides cuz you won't need them to study from. tests are all text material...none from lecture. basically only go to class for participation marks!,2.5,3.0
she doesn't know who you are even when you think she does and then takes away all your participation marks!,1.5,5.0
prof is arrogant!,1.0,5.0
Willing to work at pace of class - so make sure you go (b/c of stupid participation marks). This course has enough bed time reading to put you to sleep every night.,4.0,2.0
decent class, only salvaged because topic of law interesting, couldn't folow her own timeline, and just hurried up class.,2.5,4.0
A VERY DEMANDING PROF, her tests are tricky and hard...tells u NOT to study for certain chapters and similar cases from those chapters APPEARS on the MIDTERM!,2.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,3.0,4.0
COOL PROF, I LIKED HIM. BUT OVERALL I DIDN'T UNDERSTAND PHYSICS. I LIKE THE COURSE THOUGH. WHY IS HE SO HARD TO UNDERSTAND.,1.0,5.0
Brilliant man, approachable, helpful, good choice of text. One of the best profs in the phys department.,4.5,3.0
Should do the "show and tell" at the end of class if there is time because often there is only like 15 minutes worth of lecture material in a lecture and he doesn't even have time to answer student's questions.,3.5,4.0
Very funny guy, but hard class :(,3.5,4.0
This man LOVES what he does! You can tell right from the first day! He involves the class by bringing in fun toys, and is a great guy! Only thing is that he is incredibly intelligent, so he runs through difficult concepts, not realising no one understands! Great guy though!,4.0,3.0
Extreamly intellegent individual, only word of warning is the stuff he is teaching come more natural to him then breathing, so he moves fast with little thoery. Ironically when he talks about quantum mechanics and theoretical phyic, I follow 100%, course material, he loses me 100%.,1.5,4.0
Awesome prof.... actually makes physics interesting. Goes fast in class, but has lots of demos to make everything interesting.,4.5,3.0
I just love teachers who are IN LOVE with the subject they teach and eventually make U fall in love with it too! He's in love with physics! You see it in his eyes & his smile, and the passion with which he talks!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
When hes not shooting rockets at us, whipping play dough **** at the wall, telling us about the space time continium, or showing us old british films hes a pretty good prof. Keeps us awake in the back row, thats for sure.,3.0,5.0
not enough theory!!!,2.0,5.0
Ectremely knowledgable and smart, funney, does go a bit fast at times, and the class is ****** hard, but prof is grea!!,1.5,4.0
a little more clarity.... that'd help,3.5,3.0
Excellent Physics prof. Entertaining works at a good speed, since we can talk about interesting unrelated topics in class, and still end up ahead.,5.0,1.0
RUN!!!,3.0,4.0
Very knowlegeable. Very entertaining. Hard to keep up with (as in he writes to fast to fully digest it all). Lots of work.,4.0,3.0
Very unclear, hard to follow what he's talking about. Uses too many examples, not enough theory. He's very friendly but teaching was not his call in life.,2.0,5.0
He is such a nice guy esp when you go bug him about assignment.,4.5,2.0
Great delivery, but he can get off track sometimes, and can also go a little fast at times, skimming over details. Interesting demos.,4.0,2.0
very fun prof,5.0,3.0
gotta get some theory in ur lessons not only examples!,1.5,5.0
Hardest **** in the world, he's fantastic.,5.0,5.0
Pretty good teacher, when you don;t get it, it sucks,4.0,4.0
The Best,5.0,2.0
Very interesting experiments and demos. Easy to get off track but excellent prof,4.5,1.0
Smart and very practical prof. who listens to his students.,5.0,1.0
I woke up to go to this 8.30 class because of how interesting he made optics!,4.5,3.0
He oversees the SIN test. 'nuff said,3.0,5.0
good prof, but easily brought off track...,4.5,2.0
Vanderkooy makes Physics fun!!!,5.0,1.0
Easy exam and many bonus marks,5.0,1.0
It's been over 20 years since I took his classes, and I still googled Prof. Forrest to see how he's doing. He is that great a lecturer; And a very pleasant person. Delighted to see he's still at it, and, judging by the reviews, as good as ever.,5.0,3.0
Brian Forrest is a fatherly figure who provides you with amazing resources to learn and is just an absolute boss at teaching. He's the sweetest prof ever and I still remember and appreciate him a year from now - in fact, I appreciate him more and more as time goes on. Do not miss the chance to be taught by this great man!,5.0,2.0
AMAZING PROF, HOPE HE CAN TEACH MY PMATH351 T.T,5.0,3.0
He's like the father you never had. If you need someone to safely guide you along your mathematical journey, he's the man. He truly cares about you learning, and is extremely clear within class. The highlight of the course, though, were the online videos which clarified any questions. His assignments are satisfying challenging but he will help.,5.0,4.0
Great professor. Very clear lecture. Returns emails very quick. Very patient with questions. Assignments are hard but you will have plenty of time while exams are easy with a large proportion of questions coming from assignments. Plus, both are heavily curved.,5.0,3.0
Always focus on the material, especially for the proof part with each step followed by explicit explanation. The curve is dramatic and if you want to learn, you will learn a lot.,5.0,3.0
He teaches the material very clearly, and answers out of class questions clearly, too. Although he makes a lot of typo mistakes, overall you can learn a lot from his course. Also, he gives great curves for both assignments and exams.,5.0,3.0
12/80 50% bless this man and bless his grading curves best math prof ever,5.0,3.0
Best Prof for calculus. The assignments are challening but the exams are quite easy. He gives bonus in class or in the assignments. He really cares for students and is willing to offer help. And he gives you courses materials and course notes.,5.0,2.0
Truly a gem in this school's vast collection of professors. He genuinely cares for the success and well-being of his students and I really respect that.,5.0,3.0
Fantastic Professor! Really understand the materials and knows how to teach. His assignments are very challenging, yet help tremendously learn beyond the course. However, if you work hard on assignments, it's very easy to get good marks in his class. Very helpful after class, he usually replies email within an hour.,5.0,3.0
This man understands mathematics at it's heart, and KNOWS HOW TO TEACH IT. He can share it with students in class impeccably, and assignments are designed to teach beyond the classroom. Top notch. Also easy to get a great mark if you work for it. Thus, the perfect class. Works hard to make the class great, supplies note (full of typos though...).,5.0,1.0
A God among men.,5.0,3.0
He is very clear. While not easy, his assignments were not hard. His exams were relatively easy, but you need to know how to prove your theorems quickly since you are under time pressure, you don't have time to re-derive everything.,5.0,2.0
Excellent professor. His assignments are challenging, but not that bad relative to the other advanced classes. Very friendly in office hours. If you work hard, you will do quite well.,5.0,2.0
AMAZING!,5.0,3.0
Great prof, makes the course interesting and explains things very clearly. He'll give you a great understanding of Calculus and make you love it!,5.0,3.0
Brilliant. Assignments are very challenging, but full of bonus marks and denominator reductions post-marking. Exams are fairly straightforward with many questions discussed in class or taken from the assignments.,5.0,5.0
His assignments are really challenging; OTOH, you are generally given 2 weeks and a very generous amount of bonus marks. Thankfully the exams are much easier, plus they also have bonus marks.,4.5,1.0
Great prof, assignments are difficult, but lots of bonus marks to make up for it. Explains what`s on the exam in GREAT detail, exam reviews are extremely useful in preparation. Overall very knowledgeable about topic and this shows in his teaching.,5.0,3.0
He is clear and his assignments are very helpful,5.0,5.0
Very clear and helpful. He tells you exactly what will be on the exam. Lots of bonus marks!,5.0,2.0
Outstanding prof. Brilliant guy, gives full proofs without notes in class every time. Loves the material, and helps his students however he can. Take this guy in first year if you possibly can.,5.0,2.0
looks like peter from family guy; I slept in the 8:30 class and still learnt it reasonably; if it weren't for WOW eating 40hrs/week I would have aced the course; I liked it nevertheless; his assignments are very demanding.,5.0,4.0
Made me love Calculus. Deserves an award for his teaching ability.,5.0,3.0
Best professor I have ever had, hands down. Brilliant man, and has the oral capacity to share his knowledge. Always seems to know the answer to things, and continually astounds the students with amazing thoughts and ideas.,5.0,5.0
A really great first-year prof. Excellent lessons, delivered with real enthusiasm. Did a superb job of matching teaching with evaluation.,5.0,3.0
He creates a relaxed environment and his teaching philosophy is superb. He always kept the course interesting and made everything as clear as he could, and occassionally he would just shock ("forrest") the class with counterexamples, which makes for a great experience! Perfect prof. :),5.0,1.0
Absolutely Fantastic prof. Very helpful, always there for help. Smart and gave me a new and fundamental outlook on mathematics!!! Getting 'forrested' wasn't always cool but those were the days that reminded you that indeed mathematics is hard at times. And he always helped me if I was stuck. Fair marking scheme as well. Great prof!!!,4.5,1.0
Generates proofs spontaneously without notes, which most profs cannot do. Puts proofs in an intuitively interpretive light and reasons about why it should and should not be true. By the end of the 147/148 sequence, you should be appreciating the real numbers and real functions from a much more fundamental angle. Great personality; very easy-going!,5.0,1.0
Excellent prof. Great explanations, very helpful. His assignments are difficult, but once you finish them you actually learn something.,5.0,3.0
Very good teacher,5.0,2.0
Simply awesome. Clear explanation and illuminating insigths and intuition. Measure theory can be pretty boring, but it was totally great with this guy. If you ever have a chance to take his class do not hesitate and do it!,5.0,3.0
great prof. explained the proofs very clearly,5.0,3.0
likes the sound of his voice too much,1.0,5.0
Completely full of himself. Should not be teaching anywhere. OH are a joke. Should I go on???,1.0,5.0
Took his class last winter. He not only show the details about a topic but also how it is related to other topics, and he tackles problems from various angles. Really learned a lot in his class. Interesting assignments too!,5.0,1.0
Terrific professor. Probably the best orthodox-style lecturer I can imagine. Absolutely loves math and loves teaching it. An all-around great guy, plus he looks like Family Guy for the entertainment value.,5.0,3.0
This is one of the best math profs i've ever had. He gives a deeper understanding of the math than can be found by just quickly going through topics; he shows how things relate. He makes learning it easy and his tests are pretty straightforward.,4.0,2.0
perfect prof and easy going,4.0,3.0
great prof..learn to write faster b4 u get into his class though,4.0,2.0
Amazing professor. Explains difficult concepts well. Easy marker. Loves Math! Awesome!,5.0,2.0
Very easy course. Most of the questions on his exams are from notes and assignments.,5.0,1.0
he is an intelligent and great prof, but he goes over material very fast,4.5,4.0
very easy marker, very enthusiastic, very poor english,1.5,1.0
an amazing instructor : clear, enthusiastic, intelligent, well-spoken. Great guy,5.0,3.0
Very articulate on good mastery of the subject. Good assignments. Easy exams.,5.0,2.0
the best prof,4.5,3.0
AMAZING prof! AND he's a thinner copy of Family Guy! i want him for ALL classes!,5.0,4.0
His love for calculus definitely shows in his teaching. An excellent prof!,5.0,3.0
The best prof I've ever had.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
good teacher,5.0,3.0
Assignments are tough, but exams are easy. Well explained in class. Easy mark.,5.0,1.0
Forrest is the man,5.0,4.0
very helpful teacher, tries to make everyone in class understand,4.5,2.0
Great guy! Exams are easy so you can get an A without work!,3.0,1.0
Very thorough, great explanation... everything he teaches sinks in,5.0,2.0
Outstanding prof! His enjoys giving out high marks in any course!,4.5,2.0
Excellent Prof - funny and smart. Very reasonable and helpful.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Great guy. Very good teacher.,5.0,3.0
Forrest is a God,5.0,4.0
Does a great job to make sure that you follow his lectures - Great help!,4.5,2.0
excellent professor,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
The understanding imparted by his explanations require no notes to retain.,5.0,2.0
very clear in explanations,4.0,2.0
She assigns about 1 book per week, around 8 books in total. I took 2 classes with her and I didn't mind bc U dont rlly have to read all of the books to write the essays. She shows up late and basically reads the book to you. She takes attendance but it doesnt effect ur grade. U have to write about 6 papers around 5 pages long each.,3.0,2.0
If you don't like to read, do not take this professor. The papers didn't make me a better writer. I don't feel like I learned anything about writing and rhetoric in the class, we just read and talked about the book.,3.0,3.0
She grades papers on content and ideas and does not depend on how "well-written" it is and uses films to add societal context to books written far into the past. She assigns about 1 entire 300-page book a week and expects students to read all of it and participate in class discussions. She will have you ready books with racist vocabulary regularly.,2.0,4.0
I do not recommend. Sorry.,1.0,5.0
Although I did not really like Prof. Rosenbaum, she was very respectful in the classroom. She provided nice comments on essays but she is a hard grader. Most of my essays I got were in the 70's/80's because I'm not the greatest writer. She does have mandatory readings and it is a LOT. If you like reading, this is for you. If not, try to stay away.,2.0,4.0
She is a very sweet woman but she gives way too many papers and assignments. In one semester of this class we read 8 books, it was completely unnecessary in my opinion. Very tough grader when it comes to papers and she will leave literally 3 pages of notes/ critiques on your papers. I would avoid her but if you do get stuck you her you wont die.,2.0,3.0
Makes you buy all 8 books on the list, but if you borrow from the library or use Z-library, then you don't need to waste your money. She also says she gives a lot of feedback, but because her assignments are unclear, her feedback does not make you want to read what she has to say, nor does it help you become better at writing.,3.0,3.0
Gives way too many assignments. As a science major I barely have time as is with all my lab reports. I have written more papers in this class than all other classes combined. There is no need for this,1.0,3.0
She has been extremely helpful for me at least. Yes her lectures are basically her telling you about what you should have read. Which means you don't need mot read since she's telling you the information. But she gives you the answers for the essays, however it's not as easy as you it sounds. You have to correctly apply what she has stated.,5.0,4.0
For me, this was a super easy class especially because I don't read. She did have a lot of reading and essays to go with it but she talks about each section of a book so in depth that you don't really have to read. She puts a lot of notes on your essay and I think it's helpful because it basically shows what shes looking for in an essay.,5.0,1.0
She is a tough grader and also she is very strict with spellings. If you misspell a word she would take your grades off,1.0,5.0
shes hard but she makes u a better writer. willing to help. would recommend if u want a challenge,4.0,4.0
She is a great professor to listen in on her lectures. But, when it comes to her papers and exercises she is an extremely hard grader. You are lucky in her class to pass with a B. She does grade everything on time and attendance is not mandatory for her class. MAKE SURE YOU READ !!,2.5,5.0
Just avoid this woman at all costs. She's always late. She doesn't give good feedback on papers. What she wants for papers is unclear because her prompts make no sense. She delays on giving out essay topics until the last day of classes. She is just an unorganized person and its time for someone to retire. Do not take her .,1.0,4.0
Dr. Rosenbaum is a very nice professor. However, she only gives three papers and she takes he sweet time with it. I think she is a good professor but I think she is kind of pushing us too hard.I really did not like how she does not have many assignments. I think if you want to take ENG 221 than take it. Be prepared for long discussions.,3.5,4.0
She is the toughest grader I've ever had, and I'm a science major. her lectures are long and boring and she draws stuff out. she talks so much she can easily talk for 3 hrs. the books she had us read were depressing long and boring as hell, no once else on campus reads these books, or this many. we had to read 4 books and multiple essays.,3.0,5.0
Do not take her. Avoid at all costs. If you have no other choice prepare to be miserable. There is an unreasonable amount of work. You read way too many books too.,1.5,4.0
not a good class. do not take it. take my advice,2.0,4.0
Rosenbaum. Ah. Lol. She's cool. BUT she grades hard, I got my first C from her. She will let you turn in papers super late which is probably why I did so bad in her class. She's not strict with deadlines at alllllllll.,4.0,4.0
Worst professor I ever had,1.5,5.0
She is a terrible professor. She will extend the paper and make you think she's helping you but all she's doing is trying to bring your grade down. She's very disorganized. She isn't that smart. DONT TAKE HER CLASS.,1.0,2.0
most boring professor ever. makes you read a bunch of depressing books, while everyone else doesn't. but let's you hand in a paper a month late. so i guess that's cool. but if i had a choice, i would never take her again.,2.0,4.0
She is really nice, but disorganized. She doesn't give you a set syllabus, but instead a general outline of what to cover. We did need to get and read all the books. Our grades were based on essays and participation. No tests.,2.5,3.0
Rosenbaum is a chill professor. Yes, she does talk a lot but that is only to get you involved in class discussions. We use all the text books so buy them because there are critical essays in the back that you have to use for her papers. Her grading is fair and as long as you at least spark note the book before going to class. You'll do fine.,4.0,2.0
She is so annoying. Literally blabs on for a year and a day. My class was research writing and all we did was read her favorite novels and she threw a 10 pg paper at us for the last project. It isn't a hard class but it gets boring and you wont learn anything. Also, you can hand it assignments super late- she doesn't care.,2.5,2.0
She made us read so much but overall she is very, very helpful in and out of class. I learned a lot from this class in terms of writing techniques. The readings are long but find a way to get something out of it and remember this course and the way she is, is about supporting your opinion, nothing is set in stone. Overall great professor and course,3.5,4.0
Shes super easy, but shes extremely boring. If you take her only take her for a hour long class. She teaches a 3 hour class but I'm advising you not to take it. She talks non stop but she gives you all the answers to her papers. Its easy to get away with stuff in her class.Id take her class again for CMP125 if it wasn't 3 hours long ! LOVE HER ! <3,5.0,2.0
She's really nice and always helpful. Comes to class late constantly, takes phonecalls, lets you text, etc. I got an A- in her class by doing nothing. You can hand stuff in a week late and she won't care. She doesn't really take attendance unless only 3 people show up, which happened a lot actually. She's pretty cool.,4.0,1.0
When it comes to class discussion, Dr. Rosenbaum is a great teacher. But when it comes to HW and grading, she sucks. Expect HW everyday and lots of it. Her grading is hard and will rip your paper apart, don't expect a high grade. She is an alright teacher with extremely high standards for essays. If english isnt your strong subject, dont take her,1.5,5.0
rosenbaum is okay. at first didnt mind her cuz she would come like 30 minutes late to class everyday, but now she is always on time. But her class is really boring, all you will do is read novels and write a paper on them. thats it. o yeah if she says write a 3 to 5 page paper she really means a 7 page paper if you want at a B-.,4.5,2.0
Very outgoing and talks alot.. not in a bad way.. its funny because conversations about anything else could simply rise up and last up to half the class time.. she does come late to class often but otherwise she is very nice and not very strict.. all she cares is that you hand in your work soon or later.. and make some comments every now and then..,4.5,1.0
she is the most easy going teacher i have had at rider so far. shes a pretty tough grader but she could care less when you hand in an assignment ( i handed in 3 papers a semester later and she was totally fine with it) i would take her again because shes so chill and doesnt really care who you are or what you do,3.0,2.0
EASY GOING TEACHER. PARTICIPATE A LOT IN THE CLASS HELPS ALOT IN GRADING. A LITTLE WEIRD BUT DID NOT MIND TAKING HER CLASS. JUST A LOOOOTTTT OF READING! PREPARE FOR SPARK NOTES =],5.0,2.0
This teacher is a little on the wacked side. Very nice, but you not a straight shooter and very opinionated. Hard grader does not give out As or Bs,2.5,4.0
i had her for litereature & psych. She is a very nice layd but a little off and definetely not clear on assignments. Extremely tough grader! Never hands back anything on time. You don't need to show up to class but i did anyway. I wouldn't take her again.,2.5,3.0
never shows up to class on time even if she has one right before it...the reading assignments are pretty interesting but the papers are due "whenever it is convient for you" so everything piles up by the end of the semester..she does not really care if you come to class...she basically reads from the book all class...boringggg,1.5,2.0
She's not well organized. You can show up to class late everyday and she will be even later than you. Class can be boring at times, she reads the book then have discussion with you.,1.5,3.0
shes a bit out there, but a nice woman. never went to her class. handed everything in 2-3 weeks late and made up excuses. shes chill. she rather u take ur time then give in something that sucks. she grades a little hard, but just take your time. shes also not clear on the essays so just ask ?'s. shes helpful!,3.5,2.0
this woman is out of her mind. she grades lame. she said that C means average so if everyone writes an A paper then A is average so everone gets a C. wtf! and i saw her hit a kid once with her car hahahah.,3.0,3.0
Professor Rosenbaum is very nice. She reads the books in class no matter what so you don't really have to read. She is a tough grader on papers but if you ask for help and make the corrections that she says you will get an A. She also doesn't care when you turn your papers in. I sometimes turned them in a week late and still got an A! Take her.,5.0,1.0
she's dull and weird. she reads the stories to you, but its a horrible class. shes not fun,4.0,2.0
She reads you the stories in class and explains everything to the littlest detail.Expects you to read the pages assigned and gets really mad if the class does not but she will keep class going even if only one person is commenting on the book with her.Don't take her because she is very unclear with what she wants when you write for her.,1.5,3.0
very lienant teacher, but tough grader, hard to tell what she wants from you. hated the class would never take her again,1.5,3.0
horrible,1.0,4.0
not very good,2.0,2.0
she is an amazing teacher, she loves, loves literature. i would take her again in a heartbeat. shes pretty easy and reads the stories to you, its pretty awesome. and she makes all the stories VERY clear,5.0,3.0
She reads the books to you and you can take forever to do your paper.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Don't have to go to class or read the books. But her papers are kind of hard if you don't. You don't even have to turn them in on time though. However, she takes FOREVER, and by forever I mean WEEKS, to grade papers. She's really nice though and she gets extremely excited about the books. Take her!!,4.5,2.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
You never need to read the books, she doesn't care if you dont. She doesn't take points off for late papers, I handed in a paper 2 weeks late and stilll got a B. No quizes or tests. You dont learn any writing though, Its all reading books. Easy A,5.0,2.0
This class was soooooooooo easy. I never bothered to do any of the reading the night it was assigned because she read the book in class to us. There are no tests no quizzes, just tedious papers which she takes forever to grade. She is a veyr nice, helpful, and friendly woman. Her class is an easy A!,5.0,1.0
She's awesome!,5.0,1.0
This class is pretty easy. I love the fact that we read the assigned book for homework in class, it is almost as tho I dont even have to read it for homework. This teacher does know how to use a computer. I dont get why I read in a writing class.,4.0,1.0
Everyone said she was easy, which she is. You dont have to go to class, but she is realy annoying when it comes to papers. It takes her forever to get them back and she grades hard. Also, she is unorganized and always late.,3.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
She is really nice and easy. Attendance isnt mandatory, even though the english dept says it is. Do the papers and talk in class and u have an A!,5.0,1.0
easy ... just do the work,4.5,1.0
She is mad easy and she helps you whenever you want.,4.0,1.0
One of the worst professors. Don't bother emailing him to ask a question, you will disturb him and he will be sarcastic, rude, and snarky over the whole conversation. Never seen a professor like him who seems bothered by emailing him to ask a question. Don't recommend, especially if you enjoy interaction with professors even with an online course.,1.0,2.0
Worst online professor I've ever had. You're just going to read the textbook, that's it. There is absolutely no instruction from him whatsoever. He posts power point slides for each of the chapters, but there is no review of the course material. He simply relies on Revel. He won't even post grades in Canvas, you have to go to Revel for that.,1.0,4.0
Literally one of the worst online profs I've ever had. No online lectures, FOR A MATH CLASS, expected you to learn everything by reading the textbook. The quizzes and tests are not reflective of the graded homework whatsoever. Only allowed one side of a piece of paper to use for a 50 question exam. Not willing to work with students AT ALL.,1.0,4.0
Purposely puts questions on the test that could go either way. But since it is what the book says and not the internet, it is wrong. The book was written a long time ago so it is behind but he will argue that with you. So even though it doesn't make sense, it is right because it's what the textbook says.,1.0,3.0
Doesn't show you how to use the financial calculator. So you have to hand solve every problem. I know majority of the finance professors post videos showing how. Do not take.,1.0,4.0
Worst professor for finance. Quizzes and homework are not multiple choice and There is no instruction or practice problems similar to them. So disappointing to see a professor that can care less about his students.,1.0,5.0
I really have no idea how he is the chair of the department. I still do not know any basic concepts because he does not teach well. HE does not post videos walking through the PowerPoints so you have to look at it and teach yourself the math because he does not show you how the financial calculator works. Very rude if you try to email him as well.,1.0,3.0
Summer session with this dude is awful. only goes over few problems in his powerpoints which are nothing like quizzes and tests. Quizzes and homework get extemely hard especially when you take his 3 o 4 step example problems in class and applying them to 13-14 step problems on the quizzes and homework. May be a prof but cant explain adequately,1.0,5.0
Below is the head of the Finance department, so when teaching a face to face class it comes off as if he has better things to do. He has a very good understanding of what he is teaching, but is very monotone and teaches directly off his powerpoints. All homework is done on MyFinanceLab. Would not recommend taking during summer session.,3.0,4.0
The subject material is very difficult and it's a lot of work. After failing this class twice, I took it with him and passed with ease. He explains every little thing very clearly and shows several examples of how to do it. He really wants you to learn. People who fail his class need to change their major! The best teacher for the subject.,5.0,4.0
Took this over the summer - one of the most difficult classes I have taken. Barely got by with a C+. He's a good guy, but will put you to sleep. I was unclear about some of the things he talked about. Take at your own risk.,3.0,5.0
Great professor! Really teaches you to be professional and gets you prepared for the business world. Really helpful in all aspects. I enjoyed going to this class, portfolio analysis and operational practice.,5.0,3.0
VERY HARD CLASS IF YOUR NOT A FINANCE MAJOR!!.....overall he's pretty cool guy but he teaches all on powerpoint which makes it really hard to understand how to workout the problems..I took him in the summer and there were 3 tests and like 10 quizzes and he dropped the lowest one..Take anyone but this guy trust me,2.0,4.0
Tests are hard! Half of it is problems you have to work out and the other half is completely true/false and very confusing, things that weren't even covered in class.,2.0,4.0
No matter how upbeat I am upon entering the class, he brings me down! This man does NOT belong in the classroom. Having had classes for nearly 6 years, his BORING demeanor is not how I wanted to finish my education. He doesn't really teach anything; he'd rather you plug things into Excel & a calculator. No wonder he's in Administration - UCK!,1.0,1.0
Apparently he's the department chairman, and for good reason - MAN is he BORING! - his online course materials are lame, but the key is to stay awake while reviewing them. Can't imagine having him in a classroom. Sadly, he's the only option for this class. Wouldn't be getting a finance certificate if I'd had this blowhard first! Avoid if u can!!!,1.0,5.0
Dr. Below is a laid back professor. 1 Test, 1 Project and an optional Final. This class puts together all the finance topics covered in other classes but with an easy workload.,4.0,3.0
Great Great Great!!! Take Mr. Below's class! You will be glad you did, he doesn't try to trick you on exams, makes the courseload as simple as possible. Helpful and clear.,5.0,1.0
If you want a good grade with a very reasonable amount of work, take his courses. he's a straight shooter who doesn't **** around. Given any of your other options for professors in any course, Take Below!!,4.0,1.0
He's boring, but easy. He moves really slow and gets so far behind that we only did 1 project instead of 3. Optional final exam, no attendance. very easy class if you're familiar with finance, its all review. If you're not a finance major, then you'll be lost. I made an A.,4.0,1.0
Professor starts bad and gets worse.,1.5,3.0
This professor lacks an understanding of his own subject. He should stick to high school math.,1.5,3.0
Best Prof I've had at ECU. He pushes you, but you learn a lot and he makes it fun.,5.0,3.0
He teaches all on powerpoint. This is a problem not only because it is boring and hard to pay attention but it is a finance class, how can you learn how to do the problems if you only view them on powerpoint and barely practice them. Practice makes perfect except there is no practice in his class.,2.5,5.0
don't let all these fools talk bad about this guy. he moves fast but he teaches the material he's told to teach and i don't see a problem with that. the class is boring though,3.5,3.0
Horrible Professor. Does not understand the subject, how to teach or his responsibilities. Should be fired. Bad professor for ECU.,1.5,3.0
Great Teacher. I felt it a pleasure to learn under him. Just do the homework and study.,4.5,3.0
Great teacher. He goes out of his way to help students.,4.5,3.0
very helpful. need to read the book,5.0,3.0
One of my favorite professors. Very helpful and interesting. Test can be tricky, but you get to have a cheat sheat. Overall good guy.,4.5,2.0
No Comments,2.0,1.0
Attend class and ask questions and you'll be fine,4.0,3.0
Stay away!!!,1.0,1.0
Focus on the concepts, do the practice problems, participate, and you will do just fine. Very responsive to your questions or requests for clarification. Lectures are 15-30 mins long depending on the chapter with hints throughout on what to focus on for the test.,5.0,3.0
As long as you have a good work ethic and try to understand the concepts before exams, you'll be alright. Practice problems help. Nice guy, always willing to help and answer anything you might be confused about.,5.0,3.0
Great professor overall. Was very organized and made lectures about an otherwise boring topic palatable. The tests were difficult but nothing surprising.,5.0,4.0
Professor Shisler is one of the best professors I have had at ECU. You definitely have to work for your grade. Go to class, take notes, do the book questions and you will get an A.,5.0,4.0
Took this class during covid so it was an 8 week online class. Even with the fast pace, the lectures were easy to understand and follow. The practice handouts and practice homework are the same as the grades homework. Easy exams if you study and take lecture notes.,5.0,4.0
Didn't use text. Lectures and problem solving videos were my main source of studying. Best online class with ECU yet. Only complaint is he should redo some of the lecture, not all of his notes are visible in the view presented. Still, all other classes I've taken online I would describe as self-taught, his is not. Responsive to my emails also.,4.0,2.0
His lectures seem to be outdated and need to be re-done considering the majority of his writing can't be seen on the screen. His quizzes don't match the setup of the homework problems and what he gives as "hints" for the exam are only 50% accurate to what's actually on the exam. He's not as engaged in the course as he should be. It's teach yourself,1.0,4.0
He knows the subject well, but his attitude wasn't great... like he couldn't be bothered, either to update pre-taped recordings where you can't see the writing on the most important first six chapters, or go back himself, listen to his own lectures and see if still they actually match what he says will definitely be on tests (at least 50% didn't).,2.0,3.0
I took this course online for the MBA program. He posted weekly online lectures that ranged from 15-30 mins each. There were 3 proctored hand written exams with no study guides, but in his lectures he would tell you what was going to be on the exams and what to focus on. Overall, I enjoyed his class and he made it easy to understand the material.,4.0,3.0
Between the book and lectures the material is well covered. Quizzes are on-line and challenging but can really help your average if you prepare well. Dr. Schisler is very knowledgeable and relates class topics to real world situations. Class participation is emphasized and can be helpful.,5.0,3.0
Great Professor! Has fun stories incorporated into his lectures and makes it easy to learn an otherwise difficult subject of tax.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Schisler presents this class in a very clear and easy to follow way. His lectures are a must and he is extremely clear on what material will be tested etc. The homework and lectures are critical to doing well on the tests. If you put the effort into this class you have no excuse for not doing well. He is the best accounting prof I have ever had,4.5,3.0
Took Dr S for ACCT 6241 during the summer. It's a very fast paced, condensed class. 3 exams and 25 quizzes so you have to keep up. His lectures are clear and to the point. He gives great hints about what will be on the exams. Watch the lectures, do the problems and you'll be fine. His stories are funny!,4.5,3.0
Dr Schisler was forced to teach this class because the usual professor got very sick. Dr Schisler is easily the best accounting teacher at ecu. he prepares you well for tests with homework and quizzes. he is very personable. I hate that this was the only semester teaching cost accounting.,4.5,3.0
I took Acct 6241, Financial and Managerial Accounting during the summer. I would say that it was very easy. He wants you to get an A/B in the class. The exams are pretty easy. Additionally, you don't even need to read the textbook. Just listen to his lectures and do the problems and you will be golden for all of the exams.,4.5,2.0
If you have never taken accounting before, I do not recommend you take this course during the summer. 5 weeks, 20 chapters, 20 timed quizzes, 3 tests, and a novel to read. The last 2 weeks cover 14 chapters, 2 tests, and the novel. Very stressful class for summer. If you have had accounting you'll probably do ok. But if new to the subject beware!,4.0,4.0
Took this class online during summer semester, which consisted of 3 tests. He understands that most of the people in the course are not graduate accounting students so his primary concern seemed to be that you, as an mba student, understands the basics. I would definitely recommend him to anyone.,4.0,2.0
Really enjoyed this class.,5.0,4.0
Schisler is ok at telling stories, but when it comes to test he will never curve, expect quizzes everyday and a lot of people in a class will get a "D" if you like difficult tests, no curves homework and quizzes every day take Schisler...,3.0,5.0
Best Acct professor EVER! I learned so much from Dr. Schisler. Take notes, go to class, and listen to his great stories. You'll have an A, promise.,5.0,3.0
Great Teacher!!! If you are going to be an accounting teacher you must take him. He will make you know your stuff and tests can be tricky. If you do the work A is very possible. Highly reccomended,4.5,2.0
Dr. Schisler is an amazing professor! If you go to class and take notes, you shouldn't have a problem. I hated accounting before this class. He actually helped me understand and somewhat like acct. He doesn't take attendance but I would go. He makes class interesting and fun. His stories are great. There are a lot of quizzes and they help!,5.0,2.0
Good teacher! You will learn if you just pay attention. No attendance is taken but there are quizzes that you will miss if you dont go. If you do not show up you will likely fail. I would reccomend him anyday.,4.5,3.0
GREAT accounting teacher, the multiple choice on his tests are tricky though, he really makes you read the question thourougly.He gets the point across and has fun with it at the same time.He tries to make everyone become accounting majors,it def crossed my mind but im sticking to finance.Highly recommend taking him for 2401,he is the best!!,5.0,3.0
He's a great teacher who really knows what he's talking about. You learn a lot in this class. He converted me to be an accounting major! Homework is not required but extremely helpful. He says there is an attendance policy, but its not enforced. 12 quizzes, 3 tests, 1 final, 1 easy project make up your grade. Fun man to learn from/be around.,5.0,2.0
Take someone else. Enough said.,2.0,4.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
Wow! Best Accounting teacher ever! He has a great personality and knows the subject very well. Don't ever skip class and don't be late! He hates that! Lol. If you're not an Acct major, take either this guy or Dr. Schneider. They are the best! Always willing to help and teach the subject in ways you can understand. They both know how to make class enjoyable. Take this professor! You won't regret it!,5.0,3.0
This guy should have been on the cover of Mixer. By far hotter than that other guy. Good teacher. Good sense of humor. Too bad he is married. I have never asked a man out but I would him.,5.0,3.0
Gets a thrill from giving random quizzes (very annoying) test are not multiple choice so they are pretty tough. I would recommend taking Christian for acct any day over this guy.,3.0,4.0
Schisler is a great teacher! You should always come to class b/c you never know when you'll have a quiz. Read the chapters and do the problems he assigns you and you should be okay. He is funny and a great teacher! You should take him for Accounting!,4.5,3.0
Best 2401 Prof. out there. Period.,5.0,1.0
he is a great teacher. he is very helpful and easy to reach outside of class. hes pretty funny too. just do the homework even though he doesn't take it up and be prepared for quizzes. those will really help you do better on his test. you should take him, hes great,5.0,3.0
A very smart man who knows alot about tax. His tests are very through so watch out for those don't think they are going to be easy just because they are open book. Gives enough assignments to help your grade even if you do bad on tests. Talks about himself a whole lot which does get annoying.,4.0,4.0
Best teacher in the business school!!,5.0,3.0
Very thorough professor! Not only does he understand every concept he teaches, but he knows how to convey it to others.,5.0,3.0
great teacher! very helpful, gotta keep up with homework and go to class, but if you do that you will more than likely get an A.,5.0,2.0
Take Dan for 2401. Best teacher by far. Tells you what to study for tests and quizes. Made a B and didnt study more than 2-3 hrs per week.,5.0,3.0
One of the best teachers I have ever had at ECU. His summer school class was great.,5.0,4.0
Much better than Workman, having taken both. He knows his stuff, and moves at a slower pace so you can learn better. Quizzes and tests and a small project for grade. Learned so much more in his class! Wants you to come to him for tutoring if needed! NICE!,5.0,2.0
Funny and nice guy. Goos teacher.tests are kinda hard. Dont really get that much points other then from tests. But overall great class and teacher to take!,4.0,3.0
Made accounting interesting and keeps you entertained with stories in between :),5.0,3.0
Best accounting teacher by far,5.0,3.0
funny stories,5.0,3.0
Excellent teacher even though I still don't get accounting all that well!,4.0,3.0
He is a great professor!,5.0,2.0
Professor Schneider was one of the best professors I have ever had at this school. He is caring and cares a lot about his students as well as how well they do in the course. This class may be a little confusing at times, but if you go to his office hours they will help immensely. take this course with him. His practice exams are like the exams.,5.0,2.0
Honestly the best professor I've ever had at ECU! He made me genuinely consider accounting as a major and I'm not even good at math! He sets you up for success and as long as you are there for class and you study, you should make an A.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Schneider was one of the best teachers I've had at ECU. He teaches a pretty challenging class but he is a great professor! The class didn't do the best on the first test and he made sure to give us practice tests from there on out and everyone's grades improved tremendously. He is a genuinely good guy and a caring professor.,5.0,3.0
Gives a few homework assignments however they are participation grade. He also gives practice exams! Exams are a big part of the grade but if you work through the exams he gives you then you'll get a good grade.,5.0,3.0
He really wants you to succeed in his class, more than a lot of profs I have seen. Once, I couldn't figure out the homework on the night it was due and after asking for help and getting it the next day, I still got 100 on the homework, even if it was late. The tests are exactly like the study guides, but still a bit difficult to understand.,5.0,3.0
Prof Schneider is one of the nicest profs on campus, his practice tests are pretty much the exact same as the real thing (numbers switched, opposite of practice test) does have an attendance policy but his classes arent boring so going to class isnt that hard. Knows what hes talking about, if you email him hell respond w/in 24 hours,5.0,3.0
this class is basically CPA prep, so the tests are hard but he tells you what to study and gives you practice questions that are similar to the tests. nice guy and knows what hes talking about.,3.0,4.0
Provides practice tests that are similar to graded tests.,5.0,1.0
Has his own workbook that costs $20 compared to other professor that make you get that run $100+. Also has his own homework that you turn in instead of using my accounting lab which has an access key that costs another $70. Overall pretty great guy that has the tools necessary in order for you to at least pass the class.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Schneider is a phenomenal professor. The class was not easy by any means but he sets you up for success. His packet makes the course material so much easier than the textbook, plus the practice exams give you a good idea of what the actual exam will be like. He also gives great career and life advice and relates it to business and accounting.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Schneider is hands down the best professor I have had during my college career. He creates his own packet instead of a book. This packet will run you about 15 dollars. Compared to the 120+ other professors make you pay. He goes out of his way to help students. Just all around a great professor. I Highly recommended taking him.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Schneider was probably the best accounting professor I've had thus far at ECU. His lectures and notes are very organized (don't need to buy the book) and he teaches the material extremely well. You still have to study but he always tests you on things you should have studied, no tricks. He is a funny guy but in the dry and nonchalant way. Take.,5.0,4.0
hawt,4.5,3.0
Seriously my favorite professor at ECU. Dr. Schneider is not only a wonderful teacher but a wonderful person. He will go above and beyond for you and he truly wants all of his students to succeed in the classroom and out in the real world. He also randomly says incredibly hilarious nonchalant things. Go to class ppl!! LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS GUY,5.0,3.0
Wonderful teacher that provides a comfortable classroom setting to learn. You need to put forth a lot of effort to learn the material but he outlines and explains everything in the easiest way possible!,5.0,2.0
I took his summer class and he moved way to fast for me. He knows his material and may be better during a semester class but I wouldn't recommend him unless you know accounting pretty good and can keep up.,1.0,5.0
Love Dr. Schneider. Great teacher and is willing to help in any way he can.. especially if you go to office hours. Tests aren't too bad. Just study the packet and CPA questions, and you'll be fine.,5.0,2.0
Very helpful. The class is somewhat challenging, but Dr. Schneider genuinely wants you do well. Study the CPA questions and you will be fine,5.0,3.0
ACCT 3561 is tough material to learn but Dr. Schneider outlines everything crystal clear with his lecture notes! No required text for the class. He makes the material make sense!!!,5.0,1.0
Very good professor. He teaches so much better than the Intermediate I professor. He makes it make sense. Great guy!!,5.0,3.0
Dr. Schneider is a great professor to have for accounting. I'm not an accounting major but I took this class for my minor. He explains the problems pretty thoroughly and is always helpful. If you can take this class with him, you won't regret it! Attendance isn't mandatory but it is part of your grade (10%) and there are 4 tests and one final.,4.5,3.0
Dr. Schneider is an accounting genius! I took this class over the summer & if you go to class and follow his notes (he doesn't require the book) you will do fine. I can't understand how people get C's & D's & F's in this class. 4 tests total, attendance & homework are both 10% each & you get a 100 on homeowrk just for the effort so there's 20% free,5.0,2.0
Really great teacher, I wish he taught more accounting classes at ECU! After intermediate 1 you feel exhausted, but Schneider's class brings you back! :),4.5,4.0
This class is super easy compared to intermediate1. Dr. Schenider is a really nice guy and is willing to help all of his students. Material is boring but the class isn't too hard. final is comprehensive though.,4.5,3.0
It's hard to get him!! Cause, everybody wants to sign up for his class.I never seen anybody in my life teaches good like him.Even you are horrible learning or failed before, you will pass his class ,trust me on this!!But good luck getting him.,5.0,5.0
Excellent Professor!,5.0,4.0
Really enjoyed this class, Dr. Schneider is very helpful. You have to go to class, study and you will do fine. No book, he writes his own notes and his tests go along right with the notes.,5.0,4.0
Very demanding class, but based on peers in other sections of this course, Dr. Schneider's notes are more clear than the textbook. I would suggest that any student who wants to learn the basic concepts take him. I wish he was teaching the next level 2521 accounting class. He's is one of the best professors for Acct 2401.,4.0,5.0
awesome professor. i highly recommend him!! you do not need a textbook for this course all the stuff is online!,5.0,3.0
I love his lecture notes and CPA questions and they way he formats his tests to model what we actually learned. You do need to study to get an A--he's not just going to give it to you. He lacks clarity sometimes in answering questions, however the format he provides gives you the tools you need to perform well.,4.0,1.0
Schneider is the man. Weird sense of humor but its funny. Test arent to bad, but do need to review often. Alot of material is covered.,3.0,2.0
Great guy and teacher. His notes are thourough and test questions come directly from them along with the CPA exam questions. Study the CPA questions they are almost identical except for different numbers.,4.5,3.0
What an awesome teacher! Possibly the best I have ever had at ECU. He has lecture notes for every chapter and study guides for every test. Very helpful. Study your notes and you will do just fine.,5.0,2.0
Great teacher. Makes out thorough, easy to follow notes, and doesn't assign lots of busywork. Nice guy that gives grades back quickly and answers questions quickly. I got an A.,5.0,3.0
Very good professor. He makes the information easy to comprehend. I got an A in his class.,5.0,1.0
The best professor you could possibly ask for. His notes and lectures are clear and they cover all the bases. He makes you comfortable in knowing that you can answer any question they are gonna throw at you on the CPA exam.,5.0,4.0
Good guy and gives you some great notes. He makes things very understandable. Knows what he's talking about,4.5,3.0
Very sweet and awesome guy!! Very helpful and clear, def take him! HOLLA,5.0,3.0
vey helpful and always understanding,5.0,4.0
makes material easy to understand,5.0,2.0
Great Teacher!! Lecture notes could not be more clear and understandable. On the other hand, you will study your ass off, because the content is tough. I would take him for 2401, but if you have to take 3561 then you dont have a choice.,5.0,3.0
i think he was a very good teacher..i never went to class except for test days and still came out w/ a B. he rocks! very helpful and tries hard to pass everyone. All u have to do is memorize the review sheets. So easy, u thinkg it is a joke or something.,4.5,1.0
Great teacher. Very helpful. Although content is difficult, he explains it very well and makes it easy enough to get an A,5.0,3.0
Hard class, but if you have to take it I recommend this teacher. He gives you a workbook and as long as you keep up and do the work you will do fine. He is willing to help you if you need it.,5.0,4.0
Never ask for career help.,1.5,2.0
The film selections ooze the sense of elitism regarding film choices. The latest film comes out in 2005, and the vast majority are from before the 70s even. The content of the class is a decade old. 600 word discussion questions only and easy tests. Not difficult but also not really all that interesting aside from a few films.,2.0,2.0
Pretty straight forward class. Watch the movies and write a 600 word analysis on it using some points learned from the class. I took this class as a free elective and thoroughly enjoyed it. Learned several things about film I never paid attention to before this class.,5.0,2.0
This was a fun class to be in during the pandemic. I learned so much about film culture and the artistry behind it! The only con about this class is that there are discussion posts that require the same amount of input as a regular insightful 2-4 page essay. This class exposed me to a lot of films, some I liked-some I did not (didn't age well lol).,4.0,2.0
Watch the movies, write your 600 word analysis, and reply to the discussion posts. that's really all there is to it, very simple and straight forward class! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THE BOOK, you won't use it. The professor doesn't interact much besides to announce the next assignment. Easy grader, as long as you do the work you'll get an A,4.0,2.0
Does not care if you have outside issues. I struggled to keep up with class work due to the pandemic and he allowed me to turn in make up work, but without reasonable time to do the assignments. Class was fast paced and writing heavy. All movies were assigned based on his personal opinion of them and took off points if you did not agree with him.,1.0,4.0
Okay, so if you aren't one who likes to write analyses, do not take this class. I learned the hard way, but still got an A. 8 discussions where you have to write 600+ words for each, based on the movie. He will give you 3 topics to choose from. The movies are early 1900s and if you don't have access to streaming or free movies, you will not pass.,1.0,5.0
This was one of the worst classes I've ever taken. This was topic in films coen bros, and we never talked about anything other than the film's genre. The quizzes were trivia questions, one of the questions was actually "what is this character's favorite band" The analysis in this class would feel shallow to a 9th grader. This is a joke of a class,1.0,1.0
He's ok. Film appreciation online, so it's all "watch this movie and write 600 words on this little aspect of it." You won't need to textbook. Follow directions and you'll be fine. Discussion post count for a good percentage of the grade, quizzes are fairly easy.,3.0,3.0
I didn't really know what to expect with the class but it was basically Film App: Horror. Most of the movies are older, unknown, and boring. You also have to watch the movies out of class. For class he literally talks for three hours straight with no breaks. It's an endurance test. Adams himself wasn't as awful as some others in the department.,2.0,2.0
Saw this class and thought "Hey that seems fun" and it wasn't. Worst class I've ever taken, 3 hours long, doesn't even give a break or leave room for discussion. You watch all the movies on your own time and a 10-page paper for the final requiring sources that weren't available at the library because he checked all them out for his own use.,1.0,4.0
getting the textbook for this class is a waste, you only use it for the first few weeks for the quizzes and even then the information can be found online. adams had an assistant do half the grading for the class. most of the movies aren't bad but there are few silent films. you have 600 word responses to write for discussion questions on each film.,4.0,3.0
This professor told us that his teaching a beginning-level class was a "Waste of departmental resources." He was one of the most uninspiring educators I've encountered. He's knowledgeable, but unapproachable and arrogant. I would taking classes with this professor, especially for 100 and 200-level classes.,2.0,3.0
Stellar,4.5,5.0
Not clear on what he expects from students. Extraordinarily rude to anyone with questions. Extremely, extremely arrogant. I took this class expecting an easy arts credit and should have dropped but I figured I would try to stick it out. Could have gone the entire semester without the book, never used it. I definitely don't recommend.,1.0,4.0
The class is very long! The movies are boring and the lectures are even more so! His voice puts you to sleep, that's why I sit in the back. Also his lectures make no sense and WILL make you hate movies. He's grad students lead the discussions groups and they're more helpful than he is. Plus the textbook is expensive.,2.0,3.0
Professor doesnt make himself clear. Grading is nonsensical. Dont think you're taking an easy film class either this one was really hard, avoid if possible,1.0,5.0
Avoid at ALL costs. Pretentious, extremely rude, and booooooring. Also picks the worst films for class.,1.5,2.0
Dont recommed taking this class unless you really enjoy movie watching. I was too long of a class and was too boring for me so I dropped it. I guess if you really really really like movies, then you would enjoy it but it was not that great of a class,1.5,4.0
He knows the language and etymology well and a lot about Germanic cultures, but it is difficult to do well in the course without any prior experience. Practically no homework and it is never taken up. He spends most of the class working through the exercises in the textbook. I do not recommend him. But he's not the worst either.,2.0,4.0
Too bad this professor doesn't respect his students. He will give you an A, if you work hard enough and turn in quality. He's the most arrogant professor EVER: "Having me teach this entry level class is a true waste of this university's resources." That was on the first day of class. Like I dumbass I stayed enrolled.,2.0,4.0
very condescending and hard to get along with. he's not clear on class requirements and changes his mind a lot. very heavy on the grammar, and not so much pronunciation. not a good idea for your first semester of german. not willing to help you out, either. all in all, not that great of a teacher for beginners. he's ideal if you've had the language,1.0,4.0
This is one of the worst profs I have ever had. He is extremely condescending, even if you're right. Everyone is afraid to ask questions, and he refuses to meet with his students outside of class. Avoid him if at all possible.,1.5,5.0
This instructor is not a professor for those just looking for a GLT credit, or a grade without much effort. Certainly grades critically, but judiciously. Too many professors are highly lenient, Dr. Adams is not one of them. Don't expect to get a good grade if you don't show up or take notes.,3.5,4.0
Honestly, he's a tough prof. But get around that and try to develop your writing skills and film knowledge, and you'll learn to appreciate him. When I got an 'A' in his class, I felt like I deserved it. That's a good feeling, y'know?,4.5,5.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
He's interested personally in the subject, which automatically makes the class more enjoyable. A little long winded at times.,3.5,4.0
Adams clearly does not want to teach the stupid. However, all those who are not too timid to take place in class discussions and enjoy arguing against silly academic positions will love this class. I recommend.,2.5,2.0
He's definitely a challenge, but I learned a whole lot! His analysis of the Frog King is right on target.,4.0,4.0
Class sucked, think everything is about**** and noir.,1.0,5.0
he was a little hard to understand and at times over-analytical, BUT help was always there if you needed it and he certainly knows his stuff. overall an interesting guy/teacher,3.5,3.0
Very passionate, deep, very informed about his material, very high standards, gave me a whole new way of looking at literature. Challenging, though, probably not for students just looking for a grade, but great if you really want a transforming and educational experience.,3.0,5.0
HORRIBLE! He had the audacity to tell me that the reason I couldn't understand him was because I wasn't listening! Wasn't listening? He was speaking GERMAN! FAST! He sucks! Stay away! Stay far away!,1.0,5.0
The horror, the horror.... I was an English major and took this class on European Masterpieces and over the course of four months he KILLED lit for me.... He had to psychoanalyze everything... for ex. Emma Bovary was a narcissist according to him,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
Would never take her class again! Her lectures are so incredibly hard to follow that I literally gave up when the course was about to end. Really hard assignments while all she does in class is give definitions instead of explaining us how to effectively use algorithms or important concepts. Always available to help outside of class hours though.,2.0,4.0
Toughest comp sci class I've taken, but it also feels like the most valuable. Wendy has high expectations from students and makes sure to challenge them. Great prof if you are interested in the material. Probably hell if you just wanna squeeze by.,4.0,4.0
If you want to learn a lot of Computer Science and work really hard for an average grade, take Wendy's class! She makes time to help her students whenever they need and really cares.,5.0,5.0
Wendy made attendance mandatory and then proceeded to call people out for talking in each lecture. She doesn't manage her lecture time wisely - be prepared to be bored in lecture and to teach yourself many of the more difficult concepts. The assignments are long, but the same questions are on the tests, which are fair but marked harshly. Good luck.,2.0,3.0
Wendy may not be the best prof but she is still fine. Usually there are examples for assignments, which is good. She is helpful if you go to her office hour. Have special review classes before exams. Attendance required for every class. You need a pass grade on your assignments to take the final.,4.0,3.0
Wendy's lectures were hard to follow, unclear, and did not accurately represent the material tested in the midterm- which had a shockingly bad average even after scaling. Her assignments are long, difficult, and graded on a pass/fail basis. The mandatory sign-in attendance took up at least 10 minutes of each 50 minute class. I do not recommend.,1.0,5.0
Her lecture style is all over the place, she goes over simple concepts over and over without reinforcing the hard concepts, and she wastes a lot of time. She doesn't post the answers to assignments and doesn't let the TAs give us answers. Her assignments are difficult and she doesn't give part marks most of the time, especially on tests. Beware.,2.0,4.0
worst professor ever. Honestly, watching videos in the Youtube is more helpful than her lectures. Really, Avoid her.,1.0,4.0
Wendy has made an already difficult course a much harder thru all or nothing grading. This showed when the mean of the only midterm was below 55% (after scaling 20%). I'd be lying if I said I haven't been frustrated at times during this course. HOWEVER, she is always available after class to help and has pushed me to really understand the material.,3.0,5.0
Wendy makes her classes unnecessarily difficult. Disregarding mandatory attendance (taken before and after class) that takes up 10min out of a 50min period, her coding assignments are marked on a pass/fail basis; and conveniently handed back the day before the drop date so you can join the third of the class that dropped CSC225 this term.,1.0,4.0
Took this class, and dropped two months later. She doesn't give introductions or summaries about what she teaches, so students have no idea what she is teaching in class. She does offer help to students, fair in that way. But her teaching style is not good. I'm taking this next semester. TRUST ME DONT TAKE HER.,1.0,3.0
The only good thing I can say about her is that she is good at answering questions about your code. All or nothing grading policy on homework. Lectures and assignments are extremely hard to follow, and if you ask her questions on anything besides code, she responds with "it's in the textbook" or "you should have learned this in ____ class",1.0,5.0
Trust me, DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS.,1.0,3.0
Alright, first off, Wendy is very smart and seems to care about her students, however this doesn't really seem to show when it comes to execution of the class. She takes attendance in a class of 180, her assignments are incredibly long, hard, and often very counter intuitive, and she seems to be very "all or nothing" when grading you homework/tests,2.0,5.0
Wendy's assignments aren't clear about what she wants. She wants pretty code but doesn't explicitly say that in her assignments. She doesn't want helper methods in certain assignments, but doesn't put that in her assignment pdf's or on her website. Read the assignments carefully, make your code as efficient and pretty as possible and you might pass,1.0,4.0
Wendy is a pretty awesome prof. She hammers concepts into you and puts in a good effort to have a clear explanation. I find her personality a bit dry so classes are sorta hard to focus in but still good lectures. READ DOCUMENTATION VERY CAREFULLY ON ASSIGNMENTS. She is a strict grader and gives tons of feedback but you must to do it EXACTLY herway,4.0,3.0
CSC320 is the most difficult course in computer science and Wendy makes it harder with her super insane homework. But she is a very responsible person. Always repley students' email and provides a lot office hours. If you want to pass the course, never skip any classes, go to her office hours, do the old midterms and old finals and take all notes,4.0,5.0
Wendy is really a perfect instructor if you want to learn something rather than get high grades. She answers all the email questions, sometimes even midnight.,5.0,4.0
Wendy is a terrible professor. Does not give us any info about what will be on the final, just that we should brush up on our "problem solving skills". Does not post assignment solutions, so you can never know the right answer unless you beg her after class. Hands us our last assignment back the day before the final. STAY AWAY,2.0,4.0
Wendy's definitely concerned with how well her class does, but just isn't a very good lecturer. Her lectures skip around a lot and don't properly explain things. There's often mistakes too. Her marking ranges from very easy to really pedantic and picky as well. The assignments aren't tough though. I hope you like Comic Sans on every slide...,3.0,2.0
avoooooid,1.0,5.0
Wendy is underrated, she is an excellent teacher who is extremely generous with her time, whether it be office hours, answering emails or unscheduled tutorials. Her grading scheme is forgiving and she posts previous finals so acing the final is no problem if you work through the material.,4.5,3.0
Does not respect students. Uses horrible examples(because she's never had a job outside of teaching). Spends way too much time on easy material(because she thinks we're all dumb). Way, way too picky about stupid things that don't matter. However, her class is super easy so as long as you don't get too annoyed with her, you'll manage.,2.0,2.0
I never had such prof in my life the best. In everything although I know for first few weeks I was really disappointd from her teaching but later she made course so interactive and so easy to understand no words no speak.,5.0,1.0
Not easy, but her assignments are based largely on in-class examples, so always TAKE NOTES on them. Make sure to GO TO CLASS on time because, again, the examples she goes through are a godsend. Textbook can be found online, but I never used it anyway. And remember, it's a math class, so DON'T FALL BEHIND, or you won't catch back up.,3.0,4.0
Wendy's lecture style is fractured (we're here - now we're here, WAIT, now we're back here again!) and so it is difficult to take good notes - fine, but she only posts partial material online to punish those who don't attend class. She has a big ego and plays power games. Annoying, very incoherent, should teach in high school not college.,2.5,2.0
She is a great teacher! Actually I'd say she's my favourite so far at UVic. She explained concepts from math 122 like proof by induction that I couldn't understand when they were taught in math, but made perfect sense in her class. She explains everything well, and doesn't really expect a lot from the student. Just hard work.,5.0,4.0
Poor teacher. Not very good at explaining, doesn't understand or helpfully answer student questions. Class is hard, but that's not too bad. She just doesn't really do anything to make it any easier. Is a research prof; should really stick to that. Not suited to undergraduate teaching.,2.0,4.0
really hard course. Problem is, she can't explain concept very well. Even if you ask for clarification, she'll just rephrase what she just said in a similarly confusing way. The marking scheme is alright, the fact that you can easily fail from not getting well on your assignments is scary though. Not the worst prof, but take only if it's necessary.,2.0,5.0
If you're usually a B+ to A+ student, I strongly recommend Wendy for CSC 225 and CSC 320: she's very clear; her assignments are interesting and hard; you can probably save some money by not buying the text. If you're usually a B- student or worse you're gonna be stressed by mandatory attendance and 50% minimum overall on assignments.,5.0,3.0
I liked her. She was very helpful, incorporated a lot of math into the material, which makes it seem more useful for sure and kind of put her own spin on things. She really encouraged you to work hard in the course, and really seemed to care about her students. I would take her again for sure! She is a little hard but the final was pretty easy,4.5,4.0
320 was a hard class. A difficulty that was multiplied by Wendy's inability to explain concepts clearly. Her marking scheme is a great idea if you only have one class. Everything was a must pass or fail - even attendance (min 50% or fail), but final would have leeway. If you have more than one class, this is disaster.,2.5,5.0
Wendy was awesome. She explains concepts well and is very helpful outside of class too. People are complaining she's hard because the course requires you to remember what you learned in Math 122/222! Just review the material, and you'll be fine. Definitely recommended!,4.5,4.0
If you understand the math components from the pre-requisite courses then shes probably alright but if not then you are screwed. Not helpful at all. Every question asked has either been replied with "Its in the textbook" or "Look at my powerpoint slides". Didn't seem to matter if she knew you'd previously read both..,1.5,3.0
WM explained comp theory very well. The marking scheme allowed us to make mistakes early on, without penalty. Crazy-fast feedback on assignments and the final (grades up the next day). Extremely helpful in office hours. On a sabbatical for a year, but catch her classes when she returns!,5.0,2.0
Very interesting class. Good grading scheme. One of the best teachers I've ever had.,5.0,3.0
The course is extremely hard and so her lectures are hard as are the assignments and tests, but she does her best to make sure you understand the material. She is good one on one and flexible when need be.,4.5,5.0
her lecture is too hard, but exam is ok,I can;t understand what she is talking about!,1.0,5.0
Wendy is so hot! Okay maybe not. I loved her track/sweat/jumpsuits and her diet coke. Very hard to understand. Extremely boring class. Passed the midterm, but I think I failed the final. Oh well. I'm glad half the time I slept through half the class, wandering in 40 minutes late. Baaaad class/prof.,1.0,5.0
i wouldn't recommend her for new students.I got confused after the midterm b/c she started a bunch of new stuff, using all sorts of examples w/o explaining the concepts first.She assumes we have a CSC background which I DON'T.helpful outside class but during i was constantly lost. Diet Coke, anyone?,3.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
avoid at all costs... very very very hard to understand anything that's going on in 110... i don't know about higher courses, i'm just avoiding them at all costs. Into mechanical i go,1.0,5.0
Yup, she's the worst teacher I have out of my 5 here, first semester. I have to nap before each class to have even a slight chance of staying awake. For CSC110 at least, stay away from her! If you don't, I will laugh at your misfortune.,1.5,4.0
I hear shes a really good prof for later classes...Ive got her for 110 and shes always there for extra help, but in class her notes r crazy and hard 2 follow...POWERPOINT!!,4.0,3.0
She is not made for teaching 1st year CSc classes. Her 320 class is awesome, she explains clearly and expresses not only solutions but her thought process in coming to these solutions by using the slides. There needs to be more of this in CSc. She's the best for this class. Period.,4.5,4.0
Not the biggest fan, but her intentions are good.,3.5,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
DEATH TO ME. Went to a different class and actually understood,1.0,4.0
No Comments,2.0,5.0
Thinks VERY highly of herself. I liked computer science before taking this class....now Im switching majors!,1.0,5.0
Rabble rabble rabble...she puts me to sleep every day. Her notes are boring and she assumes that we care about every word she says. I don't anymore. I wish she'd use a computer for her notes instead of the overhead which she can't use properly.,2.0,3.0
The ratings on this site do not reflect most students opinions. My friends hold off on taking CSC 320 because they prefer it from her.,5.0,3.0
Absolute worst teacher I have ever had. Thinks way to highly of herself. Horrible lecture notes and style. When students ask questions, Wendy will take a cheap shot at their intelligence before answering.,1.0,4.0
Excellent teacher, if you understand the source material. If you slip up in something that you should know (forgetting something in the last week of the course) she'll jump on you and tear at you until you are dead.,5.0,2.0
Messy lecture notes....easy to pissed of when she thinks u are stupid. Avoid her classes!!,1.0,5.0
She may know her stuff, but assumes that the students knowledge is the same as hers(why would we take the class if that were true?). Assignments are difficult as she eplains one thing in class and expects you to apply it to something radically differe,1.5,4.0
Cool teacher. Assume you know everything, but willing to explain if you know some basics. Very good teacher--know her material.,5.0,2.0
Huge disappointment.,1.0,1.0
Seems to dislike the students, but a good teacher regardless.,3.0,3.0
Assume students know, not willing to explain, thinks too highly of herself,1.0,5.0
Easy, since she goes over a lot of past exams.,3.0,5.0
she doesn't seem to like students,1.5,3.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
I didn't learn anything and she was rude.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Hate her!! She was rude to students! Not good at all.,1.0,4.0
I liked the grade I got in the course, too bad I didn't learn anything,4.0,1.0
No Comments,2.5,5.0
Long, hard, low marks assignments, strange prof, not going to help student,1.5,5.0
Excellent prof, really cares about her students.,5.0,4.0
Like the Marking scheme, not that great a prof though,3.5,3.0
You will either love her course or cannot stand up with it. I was the latter,2.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
She really cares about students.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
Nice, good coursework.,4.0,3.0
I am a graduate who has been working for a few years, and this was one of the most useful courses I took to prepare me for my career. The assignments are tough, and the final was brutal, but the information is important to know. If you are having trouble with parts of it, go see her in her office hours. She is really good at explaining one-on-one.,5.0,4.0
She is best professor I ever met,4.0,4.0
I have graduated from computer science and honestly, I Learned nothing from her. Her assignments are long and full of words that explains not important stuff. To much. Avoid if you can.,1.0,5.0
Micaela was wonderful. Comes across harsh and very strict in class, but do yourself a favour and go to her office hours. I loved her. The course was tough for sure, assignments are very long and hard and the final was brutal, but put in the work and let her see you working hard and she's a lamb.,4.5,3.0
After seeing how high her rating is I am now skeptical about the accuracy of ratemyprofessors. Not good at explaining at all, impossible to learn from.,1.0,5.0
Great lecturer, but gave so much information. I suggest really paying attention and taking your own condensed notes so you don't have to read a wall of text to study. Also, mimic in-class examples on assignments and study them in-depth for tests because they're really quirky. The programming can be daunting, too, but just keep hacking away at it.,3.5,4.0
Assignments are crazy long and difficult to understand, often forces you to make assumptions about how to structure code, then grading dings you for assumptions you made. Very frustrating. Exam was the strangest one I have ever written, similar to assignments in clarity. Good in lecture, that is all.,4.5,2.0
Good in lecture and helpful in office hours. Assignment specs are often unclear due to information overload. Workload is average.,4.0,4.0
Funny and engaging, an excellent choice for taking 230. Definitely one of the better cs teachers at uvic.,4.5,2.0
Micaela taught me an insanely boring class, so it's not really fair to call her boring - but the class was unbearable. She sounds like a character from South Park, which keeps things interesting. That and the odd in-class Naxx raid with my row kept things interesting. Super helpful if you go to her office hours. The class will be hard if you don't.,3.5,3.0
The assignment specs were 20-30 pages long and if you failed to follow them EXACTLY, she'd dock you 10 percent for every tiny thing you missed. The midterm was really difficult. The lectures were very boring, and being at 4:30 sure didn't help. The lecture slides are impossible to learn from. I'm going to fail the final. AVOID IF YOU ENJOY SANITY!,2.0,5.0
Micaela made the subject interesting. She is a very clear speaker and quite funny. Tests were extremely fair (many questions from older exams).,5.0,2.0
Lectures are about as fun and interesting as the course allows. Has a good sense of humour and really tries to make sure students learn the material. Assignments were quite a bit of work, but very educational and her specifications were very clear. She's been out of the industry too long though, and occasionally presents old information as current.,4.5,4.0
She places emphasis on students actually learning the course material, rather than on passing exams. She's tough but fair with a great sense of humor.,4.5,5.0
Loves to go off on a tangent during her lectures and ends up talking about random stuff for a goof 15 minutes. She tries to keep the class interesting. Her assignments are long but are interesting. She is helpfull during office hours. Final was pretty long and tough.,3.5,4.0
A very funny teacher, tries her best to make a rather dry subject interesting. Good prof overall, however her muddled assignment specifications are hard to follow and at times unnecessarily stretched out.,3.5,3.0
Great teacher. Very funny. Uses analogies effectively to teach difficult subject matter. My only complaint is that there were limited resources to study from. The textbook (Computer Organization, 5th ed.) was useless to me; it barely covers the material in the course.,4.5,3.0
Killer course. Lots of work (double the effort of other CS courses), BUT Dr. Serra is great teacher and she will help you if you try. Do the work and get an A.,4.5,5.0
Dr. Serra had two sides. In lectures, she could be absolutely hilarious. She was helpful when you talked to her and concerned that the students do well. On the other hand, she could be really condescending about how the class did on assignments and midterms. Not enough office hours. Not always organized. Expects perfection from beginners.,4.0,4.0
Great prof, she knows what she is talking about and lectures can be quite entertaining. She is very helpful in office hours and is very concerned that you pass with a good grade as long as you put the effort in. Assignments were reasonable, I would definitely recommend her for this course.,5.0,2.0
Doesn't have enough knowledge when it comes to software. Not bad overall.,3.5,2.0
good coverage of material, funny,5.0,3.0
Her final had many ambiguous questions!,1.0,5.0
She made such and easy course very hard...,2.0,4.0
The final was hard, but only because the other dude made it hat way,5.0,1.0
Great person, very knowlegable, never missed a class... and that's not my stile!,5.0,1.0
Not good teacher for student who arn't just doing comp sci,2.0,5.0
So Italian. So Hot. lol. HUGE assign/labs. hard final. good teacher.,4.5,4.0
Great instructor, trekkie, geek. Gets class' attention,4.0,3.0
Micaela and Saryta (from camosun) the best profs I've ever had.,3.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
Reasonable assigns, finals but tough midterm to scare you to study for finals,4.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
She is the best... and I bet she is wild when she was young^^,5.0,1.0
Difficult to understand,3.0,2.0
Good at teaching, interesting, good looking, nice accent. But teaches w/ a loser,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.5,4.0
Fantastic prof and great person!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
I found this course v. interesting with her instruction. V. helpful after class.,4.5,3.0
She is a great teacher!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
Difficult to understand during lecture.,2.5,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Unclear lecture, doesn't want to help students, but easy marks,1.5,2.0
Awesome teacher... Take one of her classes! She's very well organized!,4.5,3.0
She is a nice instructor and well-prepared for each lecture,4.0,2.0
Dr. Serra is a great prof and just a nice person to know.,4.5,3.0
Hot hot hot - I don't know what she is talking about but I could listen all day!,5.0,1.0
Hard to get answers from her before an exam. Easy course.,3.5,2.0
We love you Micaela!,5.0,2.0
Digital Logic... even if your not Mr Spock you should be ok!,3.5,2.0
this man is one of Dals greatest profs. you will only know after you have a bunch of trash profs who make hard exams.. his tests are hard but he is an excellent lecturer that makes science interesting,5.0,4.0
really funny,4.0,3.0
amazing,4.5,4.0
He's a great prof. A comedian at heart and an all around wonderful man, but his exams are the work of the devil. If you don't know everything about everything in this course you will have a difficult time on the exams..,3.0,4.0
He is by far the best prof at Dalhousie. He is fair, practically tells you what will be on each test, you just have to go to class. This class is an easy A+ if you go to all classes (or at least get notes from someone who went). I don't understand people who do poorly in this class. He gives you everything you need to succeed. Bill's the best,5.0,1.0
He's a knowledgeable professor and helpful when contacted. I felt sad when he told us he'd retire. He has a good sense of humor. I loved attending his lectures. He's amazing really...I just want to say that he gave me the sense that he was not approachable. Otherwise he's amazing and great. I'll miss him. I wish him good luck and will remember him,3.5,3.0
Great lecturer. Classes go by quickly. Most of the material on exams is from the lectures, which is backed up by the readings, but its very important to go to class and take good notes. Seems like a nice guy and is obviously passionate and very knowledgable about the subject. Also an entertaining sense of humour.,4.0,3.0
Explains things thoroughly but sometimes I do miss some things he says. Otherwise he's a really good lecturer and all kinds of funny stories and anecdotes to keep the mood light and interesting. Best of luck with your retirement! You will be missed!,3.5,4.0
Wish him the best in retirement,4.0,4.0
Thankfully, he is retiring this year. Few will miss his foul, condescending attitude towards students and faculty.,2.0,4.0
Great sense of humour and a pleasure to listen to. He is very successful and full of knowledge.,4.0,4.0
Sad to say its his last year, but he was one of my favourite professors and if I could i would take his course again. He has a really odd sense of humour, but his silly puns and jokes really keep you awake and focused.,3.5,2.0
He's funny! A 75 minute lecture is almost impossible for me to stay awake through but I can with him. He makes dumb jokes but at least they keep you paying attention! Posts everything online, too, but it's good to take a couple extra notes.,4.0,2.0
He is a great professor, he really knows his stuff. sadly this has been his last year here at dalhousie. This is a very hard class, and requires a lot of hard work. but the amount and level of work cannot be blamed on the prof. he does a very good job of explaining everything and always answers questions.,3.5,4.0
So funny, his jokes are great especially if you like star-wars and classic rock,5.0,1.0
He is an awesome prof and absolutely hilarious. Knows the material really well and is a great teacher.,5.0,3.0
So many thing wrong here, and not enough characters! He talks too fast, and quickly says names of certain essential terms leaving you no idea what he said. There are no written notes, and what he says contradicts the slides/books a lot. He frequently doesn't say things when he talks but then says he did. He tests from the MASSIVE book. Exams hard.,2.0,4.0
Course material was interesting, but I found it very challenging. Unless you have a strong background in microbiology or cell bio, I don't recommend taking transgenics. Lectures are entertaining, but I found exams extremely frustrating because each question is worth so much and you need to explain details of the most obscure processes/ genes.,3.0,5.0
Dr. Pohjadak is an example of what every prof should be. He is knowledgeable, informative, funny and cares about his students. He admits to marking easily; just make sure you go to class as anything that comes out of his mouth could be on the exam! Great prof. One of my favourites.,4.0,2.0
This guy is a beauty. He makes the most boring things seem interesting and funny. The exams are stressful since they have few questions but are worth so much. Overall, the class is pretty easy and he admits to being an easy marker. This was my favourite Bio course so far at Dal because of the prof.,5.0,2.0
Amazing professor! The midterm was so easy, you probably didn't even need to study and I was stressing out for nothing!,5.0,1.0
His exams made me sad. Every point you lose, is a point directly on your percentage grades ... so DO NOT think about just skipping a section when studying. He'll use the most obscure examples on the exam ...,2.5,3.0
Great Prof! Gives lots of extra details about material being covered to make the material relatable. Provides examples of how certain pathways/mutations within the cell cause diseases and health issues, very interesting!,5.0,4.0
I love his runners...,2.5,4.0
He is very interesting. Cell can be boring sometimes but he makes the best of it and tells interesting stories that make some things easier to remember. He is really funny and I really enjoyed being in his class,5.0,3.0
Professor Pohajdak is an excellent, exciting teacher. Yes, his exams are difficult, but they are by no means unfair. To do well, you must understand the material. So show up to class, listen, take notes, and study. If this sounds like too much work for you, then stop complaining, drop out, and get that application in to McDonalds.,5.0,4.0
AWESOME!!,3.5,2.0
He taught the cell bio unit and managed to make the material as interesting as he could. Very funny guy! His midterms are killer, though- and you have to attend his classes to succeed in the class (learn to take fast notes!!- he only tests what he lectures, and anything he says is fair game),2.5,5.0
Extremely unhelpful. Does not explain material in enough detail to succeed or even do well on exam.,2.0,5.0
my favourite prof at dal! very interesting lectures, fair tests and very knowledgable,5.0,2.0
He is so smart in his topic! I personally don?t find cell bio that interesting but he made it seem great. Copy everything you hear come out of this mans mouth because basically everything he says will be on the exam, you shouldn?t even have to crack open the book if you understand his lectures.,5.0,4.0
Billy Poh is the man!! i love his raspy voice, and his mannerisms. the mid term really isn't as bad as people say, you just have to go to class. don't copy anything that is on the screen, you will have access to it later, just copy what comes out of his mouth. you can tell he loves what he does! a great first prof of your university experience!,4.5,1.0
Awesome professor, great sense of humour, explained a concept 3 times in class, different ways until everyone understood it. Midterm was difficult, I did well on it, but I was unsure on it. The class did poorly, so he bumped everyone's grades up by 5%. Very fair, as long as you come to class!,4.5,4.0
Great prof! Posts powerpoint lectures on BLS beforehand and talks through material very quickly during lectures, therefore best bet is to download the powerpoints and type what he says underneath. Very thorough in his teaching and was found to be engaging; the time seemed to fly by.,4.5,4.0
Horrible horrible midterm. Much harder than expected, and whole class did really bad on it in general, not just me. Awful!,2.5,5.0
Funny, funny guy, but liked his part of the class less as the semester went on. Attendance is mandatory (if you want to pass), so make sure you go to class. Slides went by fairly quickly, so sometimes it was tough to keep up. Also, I studied for DAYS for the midterm, and I still found it awful. It was difficult!,3.5,4.0
Dr. Pohajdak presents the material effectively and concisely. Attendance is very important, as only the material he says is tested. His jokes are funny and awesome! Midterm was difficult, but final was more fair. I shall be taking more courses from him.,4.0,4.0
I'm not sure why people seem to think 3036 was difficult. He explicitly told students what he expected them to know for his midterms and finals, so there never were surprises. His humour is geek-y, but great. He's very approachable, and very nice!,4.0,2.0
transgenics was a hard class since slides were the only source one can use to study from and they consisted of mostly pics. I realized at the end that You either like the course a lot or hate it to the extent. the worst part was that every mark you lose in a midterm/exam or paper, is worth a percent of ur final class grade.,1.5,5.0
Pohajdak is a wonderful prof! His humourous personality makes the lectures on boring subjects more enjoyable. Attend every class and take notes, it makes studying so much easier. His exams are tough but if you attend the classes it helps greatly.,5.0,5.0
Great professor! I had him in cell biology and he was great then too. He makes the most boring material interesting. That is the only reason I took this class, because of him. You need to go to all the lectures!! Best prof at Dal!,4.0,4.0
Excellent professor. Took a dry topic (cell biology) and made it interesting. Great sense of humour as well. Midterm was tough but do-able.,4.0,4.0
Dr. Pohajdak is an interesting lecturer and good speaker. He simply doesn't explain topics well. He is clearly very intelligent and is very familiar with the course content and he neglects to realize that nobody understands what he's saying. Exam was very difficult, and relied primarily on lecture material.,2.5,5.0
Overall, a very decent professor. There were a few long lectures, but the guy knows his stuff. I didn't hear any serious complaints. What he says in lectures is more important than what's in the book. I only used the book to bolster my understanding, and could have lived without it. I learned from the lectures. I'd have him again.,3.5,3.0
Really funny guy, but his classes were boring and often hard to follow if you didn't do the reading before class. Exam was pretty hard, I recommend recording lectures since a lot of it is what he says in class except for the random book questions.,3.5,4.0
Dr. Bill rocked my world. I had him for both cell bio and transgenics. If you can think of anything more boring than the cell let me know but Dr. Bill made it very tolerable. He cares about his students and does his best to make his lectures enjoyable. Personally I think he should clone himself so he can teach all Molecular Bio courses at Dal.,5.0,3.0
REALLY recommend transgenic organsims- the material is relevant and up to date and is mixed with great trivia- exams are 100% fair imho... loved this class,4.5,2.0
taught me cell bio in the past and transgenics this semester. I only took Transgenics because I saw that he was teaching it. Very smart but doesn't talk down to students at all like some profs do, I found the hard stuff in the lectures was mixed in well with really interesting/hilarious facts. Exams are fair. By far one of the best profs at dal!!!,4.0,4.0
I was shocked after reading the recent comments. I have Pohajdak for Trangenics now and the only reason I took the class was because he was teaching. Not only was he entertaining and funny, but I felt he conveyed his knowledge very effectively and I'm really sad that I won't be able to take any more classes from him. Just a great great prof and man,5.0,2.0
Wow. This was probably the absolute worst impression I got from Dalhousie University. This man is obviously smart but I don't think he has a CLUE how to teach. We were tested on everything he said we would NOT be, the TA's failed his midterm which had to be scaled because it was so bad. I'm taking Bio again and am so happy he will NOT be teaching.,1.5,5.0
Nice exam. He covered almost exactly what he said he would not cover. Fantastic.,1.0,5.0
Extremely passionate about chemistry. I found his little jokes to be hilarious. Subject could be a little dry but he followed his slides very closely so if you stopped paying attention it is easy to pick back up again.,4.5,3.0
BRUTAL. I wish he could speak without mumbling. Cellular respiration thrashed my life.,1.0,5.0
I felt that his class was hard to follow, filled with "we will go back to this another time" all if which were empty promises, a vert nice man but should stick to research, teaching is not his thing.,1.0,5.0
Very hard to hear, and understand... spoke too fast slides were unorganized.. realizing of course that he hadnt taught this course in a while, I'm sure he'd be great if he had some practise and slowed it down a notch.,1.0,5.0
All over the place. Very smart guy but doesn't convey his message well. The exam was SO picky when he said it would be general concepts. Wouldn't take his first year bio EVER again or EVER recommend anyone for it. His reputation is good for second year bio but after this class I never want to see him again.,3.0,4.0
Terrible prof. He went through lecture material WAY too fast for students to get all the details he asked for on his midterm. His slides are also unorganised and he jumps around them a lot. Funny man though.,3.0,4.0
Very nice man, very smart, but is not good at teaching because of lack of organization in speech, slides and general disregard for a realistic pace for students. Expects too much of students on exams.,2.5,5.0
Well, I didn't really understand much in class because this professor is too smart for his own good. He is very hard to understand because he speaks too fast and jumps around A LOT. He is not very clear as to what his expectations are. Hopefully his mid term is not tricky because he didn't do that good of a job to explain the topics he covered...,1.5,4.0
Hey knows so MUCH?which is the problem...he can spit out a lot of information in one class so it is hard to retain and grasp it all. He truly is a genius, but he teaches so fast! Wonderful guy all around and humorous.,3.5,3.0
Adorably funny. So intelligent. He definitely knows what he's talking about and makes it look so simple! Really detailed course.,4.0,4.0
Really knows what he is talking about, and is someone that I would consider a genius! I haven't had an exam from him yet, but he seems pretty assuring about what to expect. His lectures are very funny... he is fairly blunt and I love it when he pauses after a joke... kind of like an "insert laugh here" kind of thing. I just love the class!,4.5,3.0
Absolutely great prof. Makes the lectures interesting so you actually WANT to go to class. Plus he gives a LOT of info you can't get from the slides. His cell class was tough but reasonable. Cracks the weirdest jokes duing lecture and the material is just fascinating.,4.5,3.0
I had Prof. Pohajdak for both cell (last year) and took trangenics this year because I loved him that much! This class was by far my favorite class I've taken thus far in my university career. It was extremely interesting which made going to class easy and his midterms were not hard if you studied and came to class. Definitely not a boring prof!,4.0,2.0
Pohajdak talks extremely fast which makes it difficult to take good notes. The midterm was filled with type f questions (2 of the above, none of the above, or one answer). This made it hard. Attendance is mandatory because not everything is in the book. He makes the lectures as interesting as possible, and knows his stuff really well.,4.0,3.0
I've never taken his cell class, but I can tell you his transgenics class is legendary. He's a great man with an even greater sense of humour.,4.0,1.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Dr. P is awesome! His jokes are funny and his lectures are really interesting. Also, this class is easy (compared to genetics). The tests are definitely NOT hard.,3.5,1.0
GREAT PROF!! Hard course, but doing your work pays off!,5.0,4.0
This guy is one of my favorite profs. I thought he was HILARIOUS but a lot of people didn't. It seems like you either love him or you hate him but I liked him a lot. He made his lectures sooooo interesting. The midterm was pretty hard but the final wasn't too bad. Overall excellent job Bill.,3.5,3.0
Attendance is not mandatory but everyone goes to class, he explains things well and has movie clips and additional info to help clarify. Not an 'easy' subject matter but he manages to explain it in an interesting and understandable way (cell and trangenics). Great prof and great classes!,4.0,3.0
VEry enjoyable and interesting class/teacher... Funniest guy in the world,5.0,4.0
Amazing prof. His humour definitly suits the class and the fact that it is early in the morning. It is a good wake up class. Lots of great little anecdotes. Definitly a good choice over MacRae!,4.5,2.0
Great prof.. He's definitely one of my favorites!,5.0,2.0
Before i took his class i hated cell bio and his class has made me love the topic. I dont know how people can say he is a loser i love his class and think he is funny and if you study, the midterm isn't very hard you just have to think about the questions. His class is easy to do well in. Great professor!,5.0,1.0
He's awesome. One of the best profs I ever had at Dalhousie. I can't believe people would say he is boring. His humor cracks me up everytime I am in class...I just love his centrifuge story. If you study hard, you will do fine on his midterm (granted it's not that easy).,5.0,1.0
He's not a boring loser! Great class, with great energy. Funny, and down to earth type of Proff. One of my favs. at Dal so far,5.0,3.0
Bill is a good professor. He is enthusiastic and interesting. Telling us we'd have a few "all of the above/2 of the above" on the midterm was misleading as almost every question was. Final was fair though. I enjoyed his class.,3.5,4.0
great prof, clear teaching and funny. Tough course though.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Really enjoyed the lecture portion of the class. Pohajdak his lectures and his tests, eespecially the final, very straight forward.,4.0,2.0
Dr Pohajdak was a great teacher. He knows his stuff and is very enthusiastic about teaching it. He also does his damndest to gross you out every chance he gets! The midterms were slightly tricky with the multiple choice questions, but the final is dead easy - he tells you exactly what you need to kn,4.5,2.0
I enjoyed taking this course. Beware- Midterm and Final times are a lot of work. Go to every class and take good notes. Write out the definitions and pay attention to the information he goes over a lot- you really will need to know it. The midterm is rough but the final was fair.,4.5,3.0
He is a really good teacher! A funny guy who tries to lighten up the class. He likes teaching the material and that projects to the students. The micro labs were horrible though, very unorganized...they left a whole page out of the lab manual..maybe thats why??,4.0,3.0
I thought he explained concepts very well, and he was very straightforward about what he expected. My only complaint is that he wouldn't put notes on webct.,3.5,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Labs were good, lectures were torture to sit through, and the multiple choice midterms were tricky. Note to others taking the course: for the definitions in the final, know the textbook defns, not the ones he gives you in class.,1.5,4.0
I found Dr. Pohajdak so hard to listen to! I couldn't stay focused on his lectures and his attempts at 'humor' were simply groan-worthy. Not one of Dal's best.,1.0,4.0
not very good at explaining the material, the labs sucked. so did the tests.,2.0,4.0
I liked him. He set out clearly what was expected and suck to it. Has an obvious interest in the subject matter. Love the corny laugh,3.5,4.0
loved the labs, but i hated his tests! the midterms may have been multiple choice but he purposely tried to trick you! the final was awful, essay format mostly. thankfully i did very well in the lab!,3.5,3.0
A little angry at times...,3.5,3.0
Difficult to follow; distanced himself from students.,2.0,5.0
His MC won't give you a hope in hell, even if you know the materials inside and out. Some remarks are a little more than "off-colour." Labs are disorganized and do not follow course material.,1.0,5.0
I love, but am sometimes disturbed by his sence of humor. The midterm was difficult but class was almost always enjoyable,4.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
Pathetic.,2.5,4.0
awesome. so smart. really seems to enjoy what he is doing and actually knows his stuff. he makes the hour go by really fast,5.0,4.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
Genius! He really is the smartest teacher I've ever met.,4.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,5.0
Oh boo hoo, the midterm is hard. Suck it up. Pohajdak is a great teacher.,5.0,4.0
nice guy,,3.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
I took Introduction to Psychology as well as Human Neuropsychology with Marcia Ozier in the early 1990s. I never forgot her. She was my favourite professor. She was witty, informative and professional. I was shocked to read the bad ratings, as that wasnt my experience with her at all. I still think of her with fondness after all these years. :),5.0,4.0
TERRIBLE!,1.0,2.0
She is a very fair teacher and a very nice woman. Just don't show up to her classes ready to chat with your friends the entire time. It annoys the rest of the 'listening' students as much as it bothers her!,5.0,4.0
Oh dear...any class taught by this woman is a disaster. She had us all confused one day by saying that schizophrenia is like a disease, something that we catch in our brains. Most confusing and WASTE of time,1.0,3.0
VERY rude to her students. if a prof wants respect and quiet from students they have to respect students AND be at least somewhat interesting. Dr. O does neither. She would interupt her class to point out someone leaving... in a 400 person class there are Bound to be ppl who leave. deal with it,1.0,2.0
A bit odd, but funny when she wants to be. PPTs and lectures have organization to them. Tests are straightforward and you'll do well if you read the book and know your stuff. She takes her job seriously though - DO NOT talk during her class and don't be rude. Hey, profs need respect too.,4.0,1.0
I think she was the worse teacher I had all year. She was rude and disrespectful to her students, and her voice put me to sleep. I used to like Psychology.,1.5,4.0
I enjoyed Dr.O's class, I found her lecturing interesting and stimulating. The only issue that I had with her class was that some students, many in Section 2, did not treat her with respect. Grow up!,5.0,3.0
Dr. Ozier is ignorant and confusing. I don't like going to lecture when she's teaching, and although I love psychology she ruins the experience. I can't believe my tuition is going to ignorant greedy people like her, who can't get a point across if her life depended on it.,1.5,3.0
Did she ever think that perhaps this student needed to leave for medical purposes... I know that sometimes I have to leave class to treat my hypoglycemia.. but perhaps she'd rather have me convulsing on the floor instead of interrupting her lecture for a few seconds,1.0,3.0
Dr. O is disrespectful to her students. The other day while Dr. O was lecturing a student left their seat and exited the auditorium. Dr. O then made a speech on how rude this was and that our class was the rudest she had ever taught. Did she ever think that perhaps this student needed to leave for m,1.0,3.0
Although I like the material she teaches and her method sometimes, Dr. Ozier is very judgemental and strict in response to student questions and actions. She has a terrible tendancy to forget what the question is while she answers it and instead answers a question which you did not ask.,2.5,3.0
I think she's a good prof. She doesn't tolerate talking in her class, don't test her. Tests are easy if you read the text and her notes. A very nice lady, if you don't ****her off.,5.0,1.0
Abnormal explains this woman to a tee, she is a werid bird. Besides being weird, I found her to be rude and disrespectful,1.5,2.0
Brutal brutal prof. I have never hated a prof so much as this one. I wanted to drop the class so badly becasue of her disrespect for the students and their opinion but I enjoyed the material too much. I highly suggest she ends her carreer in teaching and seek psychological help. Nuts!,1.0,3.0
THE WORST TEACHER I HAVE EVER HAD.Dr.O should not be teaching.I can't believe I paid $ to be in a class taught by this disorganized, insulting, degrading, pompus women. She humiliated students who asked Q's. Her tests are beyond disorganized and she obviously doesn't wrtite them herself. SHE BLOWS!,1.0,5.0
I loved this class, she asked exactly what was on her notes and in the text! I hardly even went to class and and got an A in this course, she follows the text exactly. It was just like being in high school again when you know exactly what the tests are going to ask!,4.5,1.0
Terrible teacher. If you've taken 2470, you'll be fine. If not, you're screwed. Extremely disorganized and confusing. Many test questions consist of the most trivial, poorly-worded questions and answers possible, often not related to the course/lecture at all. Unfortunately, she's on tenure w/ Dal,1.5,2.0
Really good class. Just tests.,5.0,2.0
I have spent many years in University, yet I have not come across a prof as bad as Dr. O. I do not underestand how she is still teaching. A high school kid could teach better than her.,1.0,2.0
She seems like a good person overall, but is an awful professor. She doesn't not explain important concepts clearly or sometimes not at all... Her notes are poorly organized and she goes so fast it's hard to elaborate on the very little info she gives. Tests are fair if you study, alot.,1.0,3.0
Dr O. has been one of the worst professors I ever had. She makes up random facts and is highly speculative. Recently, she has been behaving in an extremely peculiar manner. Besides being disorganized, she's occassionaly insulting, degrading, and an extremely unfair exam writer. Boo Dr. O, Boo.,1.0,2.0
I enjoyed her. She was tough and she let you know. Class is fine if you read the textbook,3.0,5.0
She is very disorganized and forgets what she told which class. She is not very tolerant and has the odd moodswing. However, I feel she is an adequate prof that is interested in giving a class that actually teaches you something, and that's more than you can say for other classes.,3.0,4.0
Nice woman, but not the best prof. Very intelligent and not afraid to admit when she's wrong. Tests are tough, definitely expects to know everything from the book. Major complaint is that she's really really disorganized with her powerpoints, but if you can get around that it's not a bad class,2.5,4.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Not gonna lie to you, she's a little picky on people in teh calss and there's no real point to her 5 point bonus questions because she hardly ever gives more than a 2. Yeah, she admits when she doesn't know something though, which is more than I can say for most of my pompus-ass professors.,2.0,3.0
i think she is excellent,4.0,3.0
Great prof,5.0,3.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
TERRIBLE! This is the worst excuse for a professor ever. I'm sorry but I pay 500 dollers to take this class if I have something to say I'll say it. She embarasses people in the middle of class if she doesnt agree. She is Terrible! STAY AWAY IF YOU CAN!!,1.0,4.0
She likes to point people out in the class alot, and some of the questions on her exams seem to be worded in some obscure language that no one but her can understand.,2.0,3.0
she just sucks. boring boring boring, and again boring.,1.0,5.0
I think you either loved her or hated her. Personally, I thought she was brilliant and her sarcastic wit kept me awake and laughing in many a class. She provided great examples and the videos were good. I miss her greatly!,4.0,2.0
Worst prof that I have ever had. I will never take another course from her again.,1.0,5.0
She cried in front of my class. On the day of evaluations. And if you need to challenge a grade, be prepared for a fight, even when you KNOW you're right! She may get angry but it'll be worth it.,2.0,2.0
Oversensitive **** who tends to single out individuals of whom she can make an example, in the middle of a 500 person class.,1.0,3.0
Very nice and really funny. She teaches clearly with lots of good examples, but has a slight problem with time management as she usually runs out of time to teach all the material. Her one weakness is people who talk in class. Whatever you do, DON'T talk!,3.5,2.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
Her class is about parenting, although it's supose to be about developement. I find that she didn't cover material fast enough, talking very slow and boring everyone to death!,1.5,2.0
She's the most unprofessional excuse for a teacher I've had. She is haughty and doesn't even understand basic biology.,1.0,2.0
Expects you to know your stuff... she wants you to notice mistakes. Very caring and helpful, and a blast to talk to. She is difficult to get used to at first, but try talking to her and you'll love her!,4.0,1.0
Good teacher. Funny and her tests are fair.,4.0,2.0
very unclear and very rude and mean,1.5,5.0
Happy to have had her as a teacher, she is a very fair and caring person.,5.0,2.0
A very nice lady who likes to tell interesting stories. Helpful and fair.,4.5,2.0
Worst professor in the department. Completely out of date. Uses M/C tests that are _wrong_ in numerous details. Attacks students in class. Rambles incoherently. Should be retired immediately if not has been already. Just being honest, sorry.,1.0,3.0
Glad to have this Prof. for any class. Nice woman.,5.0,1.0
Great teacher! She is very friendly and caring.,5.0,1.0
Worse prof ever! Wonder how she made it through school...says really stupid things and teaches contrary to the text book that she wrote! GET a LIFE DAl and get rid of her! You know its bad when doesn't know her own material...,1.0,3.0
OMG, zzzzzzz... could... you ... talk... any... slower?... and where do those questions on the tests come from??? Go back to Dal and stay there...,3.5,4.0
She's psychotic. Worst prof I've had at Dal. Evil, evil woman.,1.0,4.0
Boring and sounds monotoned!,1.5,5.0
Actually taught an hour and a half long lecture on the endoPLASTIC reticulum. I'm not making this up, I was there! I have no idea how this woman made it as far as she did. She came to class covered in pee one day, so that was funny.,1.0,4.0
Ugh !! Bad experiences with her classes !!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Worst prof i've ever had!!! I don't know who taught you other people!!!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
Fun to listen to. Great prof, wants what's best for students,5.0,3.0
No Comments,3.5,2.0
No Comments,4.5,4.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
very caring and helpful, but unclear and confusing,3.5,4.0
i didn't like her teaching style,2.0,3.0
I have been at this school for 4 years and she is the worst prof ever!,1.5,2.0
No Comments,2.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Best prof at Dal, bar none. Cares about her students. High integrity.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
inspiring.,5.0,3.0
Amazing, caring prof. Extremely knowledgable, funny, excellent lecturer.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,3.0,5.0
Not very willing to help when spoke to her. Rushes the overheads. Average prof,2.0,4.0
No Much to say, Just a regular Psych Prof,2.5,3.0
Nice proferssor, funny, lectures quickly,4.0,2.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
His lecture slides were confusing and vague.,3.0,3.0
He could be boring at times but he's hilarious if you're actually paying attention in lecture, exams are pretty straight forward with him.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Wright was a pleasure to have class with. He's super funny, and tries to make his lectures interesting. Although I did find his class very interesting, his slides are for HIM and not the STUDENTS; go to class and listen to the lectures or the slides won't mean anything to you. Highly suggested.,4.0,3.0
He's enthusiastic and really helpful but don't under estimate his tests.,4.0,3.0
Awful, rude, unhelpful are the three words I would use to describe jonathan wright,1.0,5.0
good at what he deals with,3.5,3.0
Boring, unclear lectures. I left class more confused than I come. Every class he would complain about having to be at class and would make fun of anyone who asked questions. Do not recommend this prof at all!!!!,1.0,5.0
Very thoughtful prof. Well prepared. Considrate of students.,5.0,4.0
Awesome prof.,5.0,4.0
He goes over tougher concepts more than once, which is super helpful. His exam is pretty straightforward.,4.0,2.0
i have noticed that you are a much more dynamic teacher than you were in first year biology. enjoyed your section of this genetics class a lot more than i enjoyed you in first year. teaching was clear and concise and i enjoyed it,5.0,4.0
Explained concepts very clearly, and repeated things that he knew would be more challenging for us to understand. Used objects to explain events in terms that were easier to imagine and remember. Was very enthusiastic. I would definitely take another class that I knew he was teaching.,5.0,4.0
What an amazing professor!! He was so prepared for class, had visual aids, tried to include the students within the lecture, communicated very clearly. I was happy that the course ended with Dr. Wright. A truly great professor.Way to go Dr. Wright! You're a great professor, you should be very happy that students think so.,5.0,4.0
Really great, engaging teacher. I like how he sometimes incorporated humour into the lectures, it helps to make the subject matter even more interesting and understandable, and also helps to keep my attention. He was enthusiastic about the material in the lecture and incorporated the real-world issues and applications every lecture.,4.5,4.0
Dr Wright's lectures were always very informative, he provided a list of key points which was very helpful. I appreciate Dr Wrights enthusiasm for the material that he was teaching it helped keep the class engaged and interested.,5.0,3.0
:-) great,5.0,3.0
enjoyed lecturers.,5.0,4.0
While the material covered in Dr. Wright's lectures was demanding, his lectures were always well organized and insightful. He added historical content to the material placing advances in molecular biology sometimes in to a societal context. He is a very approachable lectuer, always ready to answer. Exam hard!,5.0,5.0
tho I don't like genetics that much, Dr. Wright gave good lectures. he also told funny stories.,5.0,3.0
Great prof. Material difficult and final exam hard but fair.,4.5,4.0
Great prof. Would love to take other courses taught by him.,5.0,2.0
Slides were slightly confusing, but he explained the material very well.,4.5,2.0
Awesome prof. Great powerpoint slides. I'd definitely take another class from this prof. Funny guy, too.,5.0,2.0
Very clear and concise. Easy to listen to, and makes the material interesting. Explains in great detail and is good about answering students' questions, regardless of class size. Doesn't zip through material too fast, making it relatively easy to grasp the concepts covered in lecture.,4.0,2.0
Genetics is definitely not my favourite and when I attended his lectures I tended to doze off, however he posts his lecture recordings online so you can watch them at home, when you actually pay attention he is a great prof.,4.0,3.0
I liked this section of the class more than the first section. I found he went a lot slower, so I was able to grasp things more easily. Subject matter was a bit boring, but that's not his fault. Thought he was funny sometimes as well. If I was going further into Biology, I would take more of his classes.,3.5,3.0
Good teacher, ready to help, held help sessions just before the exam and wrapped up his lectures a day early so we would have extra time to study. The material is difficult though, I did well with it because a lot of was things I'd run across in MICI2100. His short answer are easier, but his multiple choice are hard (but fair) so know your stuff!,4.0,4.0
Dr. Wright was fun to listen to. He knew what he was talking about... Which is good because nobody else did. I relied completely on the text for this one. His lectures became understandable once you already knew the material well, reading the text once before class is not sufficient.. HORRIBLE SLIDES. Def. not the best prof.,1.5,4.0
Does he remind anyone else of professor snape? Just picture him saying this "Harry Potter, Our new celebrity...",3.5,3.0
I do not like this professor AT ALL. He is arrogant. I did not like his style of teaching and his "text" was confusing and incomprehensible to study later.,1.0,5.0
notes 'booklet' was very disorganized. it was nice to have to follow along with but i was constantly flipping pages trying to find the right slide. gets easily annoyed when Q's in class arent clear. If he feels he doesnt have time to answer them he will ridicule you for not understanding a 'very basic concept'. seems very nervous.,3.0,4.0
Nice guy, easy to listen to and funny. He seems really nice/,4.5,3.0
Terribly disorganized lecture "booklet". What a waste of money, it was not even typed. Exam was hard, and my mark plummetted due to the fact.,3.0,4.0
I remember Dr. Wright being a better prof from 1st year Biology but I really didn't like his section in Genetics. His notes were poorly organized and he sort of just talked about stuff without explaining things in detail. The class was rather boring. Dr. Wright is an OK professor. He is really nice seeming. Class sucked.,3.5,3.0
he's very disorganized and nervous acting. i often wonder if he has parkinson's. ever watch his hands? and the tongue in cheek lol literally. not a great prof. good in first year bio, but genetics was horrible. hope his sabbatical leave does him good. the overheads show he is slightly technology deficient. gets flustered easy.,2.0,3.0
Very British voice - easy to listen to. Makes key concepts very clear. Has a knack for taking stupid questions in stride ;) Unfortunate technology disability sometimes.,4.5,3.0
Dr Wright is awesome! He is a great prof, interesting to listen to his lectures. His exam isn't easy but it is fair. I'd choose his classes again.,4.5,3.0
Ok he's not a very good prof, like my notes didn't make any sense when I was studying them. His exam was really easy though! Just read the book, review the slides and his class will be pretty easy.,2.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
We need more good solid science teachers like him and courses at this university and less arts courses.,5.0,1.0
He was a very clear prof and I found his classes not exactly riveting, but they were interesting none the less. His exam was straight forward and fair as long as you studied the material.,4.5,2.0
LOVEEEDDD Wright!He was always concerned about the students and he loves what he's doing!The class is hard but he's a great prof.,5.0,4.0
Not 100% clear at times but overall he was a great prof. I enjoyed his lectures and the material. His exam was very fair. Questions were straightforward. Less 'nit picky' than cell or evolution exams. Study and you will do very well.,4.5,2.0
This was the only section of biology that I think was worth taking. Very interesting and excellent at explaining things. Thank you!,4.0,3.0
A great prof, always willing to chat and to re-explain things. His material was well-presented and always interesting.,4.0,2.0
Awesome prof the best one u'll have throughout bio 1010. study for the exam and u'll do excellent!!,5.0,2.0
Oh so very boring - material that had the potential to be very interesting, was presented in a way that just did not stimulate my desire to stay awake in class. The use of the overhead projector as opposed to powerpoint didn't help. However, his exam was very fair and well written - no surprises or,2.5,2.0
The class itself I found boring, he used a slide projector instead of powerpoint and the pictures could be a bit blurry and hard to make out. The exam was very fair and if you studued very easy to do well on.,3.5,1.0
i love eng accent. haha! but honestly, his lectures are pretty good! very interesting.(if i dont fall asleep in class, that class is good! or else i juz sleep through them...),5.0,2.0
He's a hell of a great prof. All around good guy.,5.0,3.0
Loved him.,4.5,3.0
loved this guy, and his english accent too! you'll need to study well but if you're prepared he writes a fair test.,5.0,2.0
bad prof, doesn't seem to care about students progress and bad at explaining concepts,1.5,3.0
Totally looks and sounds like the Crocodile Hunter!!! Oh and he's a nice guy.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
nice guy, relatively fair tests, go to class!,3.5,3.0
No Comments,3.5,2.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
Terrible professor with great arrogance and no responsibility. Explains everything unclear and would not answer any questions, unless you're a girl. His lectures weight quite some proportions in the final exam and the average in his part is only 50%, whereas our normal average is 73%. Why bother giving lecture if you don't even respect students?,1.0,4.0
This man is the superhero of the virus world! He is highly interested in the subject and delivers the material in clear and concise manner. Beware of babbling on and on in an answer to his exam questions, write less and straight to the point. On the personal level, he is fun to chat with!,5.0,5.0
So many courses are ?more of the same?. Then there?s DON. He?s the model of ?high education?. He loves what he teaches, he doesn?t care about appearances, and he gives it everything he?s got if you are willing to learn. I am glad I had Micro in 2006 and was exposed to his style (of teaching). Thanks for adding color!,4.5,4.0
Good prof.. explains things well enough. Exams are fair, but marking scheme is TOUGH! Make sure you prepare, memorize, be concise, and know everything for the exam.,4.0,5.0
Very good lecturer and a very nice guy. The kind of guy you would go out for a drink with. He loves what he does and it shows. His tests are tough, but if you know your material well and are concise with your answer (no long BS answers) you will do well. I would say more of a garden gnome appearance. Still, a very good prof and an awesome clas,4.0,3.0
Dr. Stoltz was the worst professor I ever had. He has a huge ego. His lectures are disorganized; he never has any focus when he's speaking and there is no guidance in terms of notes. His tests seem fair at first glance, but wait for the marks. I have reason to believe Dr. Stoltz has no knowledge of the English language. He shouldn't even have a job,1.0,5.0
Stoltz is a pretty good lecturer. You need to learn how to take notes quickly, he goes fast. His marking technique is very strict, do not put extra information down, be concise. Stoltz is real, and there is no BS in this man. However, I believe he resembles a badger.,4.5,3.0
Dr Stoltz believes in terminology folks, so memorize those definitions. Also, if you pay attention first class he told you that. He marks hard, but is an excellent teacher, and an even better co-op advisor. Yes he has long nails, to play guitar with. He's great for advice and great for extra help.,5.0,4.0
Great prof. Effective and helpful. Has high standards, and can smell BS a mile away. Disagree with previous post about personality - he has tons. Questions? Drop by his office on Friday afternoon for beer, flamenco guitar, and good advice.,5.0,4.0
Not a ton of personality in this man. He is a very tough marker, but he does make that clear to you. Lectures are okay, and you must be very good at picking the important points out of it whether he mentions it once or repeats it 4 or 5 times.,2.5,5.0
Dr. Stolz was a picky marker but he let you know this the first class. His first test was really hard but the lab exam wasn't that bad. Pay attention and take good notes in the lecture and in the lab.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Stoltz is a good guy but his teaching leaves much to be desired. Take good notes and listen to everything even if it doesn't sounds important cause his tests are brutal, although the lab exam isn't as hard as people say. However, I did enjoy that his leactures were never more than an hour. He is pretty good in the lab too. Mici majors: be sure.,3.0,5.0
Hotty hot hot hot, especially if you like 3inch yellow nails,5.0,5.0
At first appearance, Dr. Stoltz is a laid back easy-goin ****. As the course progresses he reveals his true self to students as an unbeliveable, unsympathetic, particular, and anal prick. He has an weening-out process to emotionally defeat undergraduates so they drop out of micro. Pay attention!,2.0,5.0
No matter how hard you study, he'll find some way to trick you or test you on material that you did not study...,3.0,5.0
Dr. Stoltz should not be a teacher, as passionate as he is about microbiology. He cannot explain concepts clearly and every question on his tests is asking for information that has not been made clear in classes.,2.0,5.0
I don't pay big bucks to be tricked in exams, and I find that's exactly what he does. No matter how much you know the material for his exams, your mark may not reflect that. My advice is to study hard- but pay attention to detail as well (he's huge on being PRECISE).,3.5,5.0
Very helpful and friendly. Tough marker. Very nice and approachable (go to Don for micro advising and NOT Chris Barnes.),4.5,4.0
Although I agree that I have never been more shocked by my marks, he is teaching us this material because he is passionate about it and because he has a true desire to impart his knowledge. If you're in this to actually learn something, rather than just grades, you're in luck!,5.0,5.0
He is a really tough marker but he is fair and upfront about it, I had him for MICI 2100 as well and he is like this with everything but he tries to help and he has a great interest in what he teaches which makes it easier to learn,4.0,4.0
loved the material, but didn't like his tests.. the lab exam was hard, make sure you study hard for his sections,3.0,4.0
Helpful and nice, but tough marker,4.5,4.0
I don't know about you but there is something scetchy about 3 inch yellow nails? Worst teacher ever. Has small man complex. Enough said. Avoid taking any of his classes if you can.,1.0,5.0
His section of the course was the most difficult one. Difficult tests, and he is an extremely hard marker! Lab Exam was awful!,3.0,4.0
Excellent prof -- you just need to really make sure you cover all of the material or you'll be crucified on the exams.,4.5,2.0
Terrible Marker...exams are death,1.0,5.0
Suck it up people! He is a great lecturer. He marks like death on exams, and the lab exam is one of the hardest exams I've ever written, but that doesn't make him a bad lecturer. Just memorize EVERYTHING!,5.0,4.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
Never met him but thanks to his online lectures I've learned to admire immunology more than before! Lectures are clear and precise to your needs for the course. Lectures are well organized and his incorporation of dry humor is just a cherry on top!,5.0,3.0
I took the MICI2100 online for pharmacy. It was a tough course but Dr. Lee explained his material quite clearly. I would love to take another course with him.,5.0,3.0
AWESOME. Used stories/analogies/humour to make material understandable and memorable. Covered all of the content we needed to with time to spare in every lecture. Test was not easy but fair--- no tricks, but know your stuff.,4.5,2.0
Dr. Lee made even the most difficult of concepts crystal clear by incorporating analogies into it. The midterm was fair, but make sure you read the question carefully and know exactly what it is asking.,4.5,3.0
Very entertaining professor! Funny, and good lecturer. Know your stuff for exams though, he does ask very specific questions. Tests are tough, but are fair.,4.0,4.0
Very good prof, made immunology very interesting. Was very clear and made the class very interesting. Watch out for wording on his tests, cause that will kill you. Looks like Mr. Rogers,4.0,3.0
Okay this guy is the picture of a huge nerd. But he is a superb lecturer, very clear, good speed and makes jokes now and then. The material was very interesting, and he indicated what to know for tests. Make sure you read the wording of his question very carefully. Awesome guy.,4.5,2.0
Best prof out of the three that lectured. Great lecturer and very clear about the exams and material covered. His exam is tricky though as he wants exact wording or it may be incorrect.,4.0,4.0
The best prof by far for this class, he made class really interesting and his examples were well explained and clear. He let you know the format of the test and it was exactly what he said it would be.,4.5,2.0
Very good lecturer and such, but beware that he looks for very specific words on the exam. You can write a paragraph that is correct but without the word he's looking for, you get nothing. Easiest prof in mici 2100 but that's not saying much. Also, he is rather stuck up outside of class and won't even talk to you unless you have amazing marks.,3.5,4.0
good class, great lecturer but you don't stand a chance getting to talk to him at anytime about anything, I wasn't allowed to discuss my exam with him becuase he didn't want everyone coming and asking questions about how terrible it was marked.,2.5,5.0
excellent,5.0,1.0
excellent,5.0,1.0
loved him!! immunology was so enjoyable, and everyone did much better on his sections because he is clear and straightforward, bravo!,5.0,2.0
Great lecturer.,5.0,2.0
Great professor whose test was incredibly fair! Best prof in the course.,5.0,1.0
okay med keeners, he teaches clinical m/b!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Professor Streitmatter is a really nice guy. The textbook used was his own but it's clearly written for students, so it's engaging and includes modern examples. Essentially every class was just discussing the readings due, so it's fairly easy. Three tests, two papers, and one discussion leader assignment. He has a no technology policy in class.,5.0,3.0
Streitmatter is truly American's best professor-- at least in SOC. It's like having Joel Grey as your teacher. He's so energetic and clearly loves what he teaches. His classes fill up pretty quickly and are usually small so try and get in if you have the chance. You really won't regret it. He can be a harsh grader, but he's incredibly consistent.,5.0,3.0
Professor Streitmatter is the BEST!! If you're taking COMM-200, definitely take it with him. He's caring, hilarious, relaxed, and an all around great professor. I would love to take another class with him in the future!,5.0,2.0
One of my favorite professors at AU. You can learn a lot if you take this class even semi-seriously. Professor Streitmatter is sweet and understanding when you have to miss class. He's really down to earth and has written like 9 books about race and gender. His exams are very specific and you have to read if you want to be in the "B" to "A" range.,5.0,4.0
AMAZING PROFESSOR!!! Take him if he teaches a section of the class you need for credit. Always has lively lectures and barely gives homework. Very approachable and understanding.,5.0,3.0
I love this professor. He is so kind, brilliant, organized, and keeps the class interesting. I could not criticize him if I tried. I immediately sign up for his classes.,5.0,3.0
The class is very mediocre. We only talk about platonic subjects, because professor is weary of hurting anyone's feelings. While this is thoughtful, in a class where we discuss race, gender and sexuality, multiple perspectives allow us to learn and grow from one-another. I feel like I didn't learn anything in this class, and just memorized theses.,3.0,4.0
Super super super nice guy. He is sweet, makes little corny jokes here and there, and is understanding. The class was really interesting and one of my favorites to go to this semester.,4.0,2.0
Professor Streitmatter is a really fantastic professor. I had him twice, and he did not disappoint. He is knowledgeable, funny, down-to-earth and helpful. It's tempting to skip the reading, because his classes are discussion-based, but you do need to read for the exams. That being said, the exams are not really difficult if you do the work.,5.0,2.0
Take him! He was one of the best professors I have had in AU, plus class discussions were always interesting.,5.0,1.0
Professor Streitmatter is a joy to have in class. He's a wonderful professor. Reporting wasn't difficult at all. The class was structured in a way that caused us to learn by doing. What better way to learn it. He was there to help along the way.,4.5,2.0
Fantastic. The book, and most readings, are written by him and they're actually interesting. The discussions are inquisitive. He is really big on presentation in your paper, but spends so much time giving great feedback which is really nice. Four major grades, so its easy to screw up. But amazing class.,5.0,3.0
Prof. Streitmatter is a WONDERFUL professor. Former newspaper editor, knows what he is doing. He may come off as unclear on assignments, but he says himself that that's reporting. He helps you develop a sense for story ideas, writing to few guidelines. That's journalism. Take him if you have the choice over another.,4.0,2.0
Nice guy, but he didn't teach me anything and the class was essentially useless. Class time is wasted discussing mediocre articles and books that don't pertain to the subject matter. He also abides by a rigid (and arbitrary) essay format and grades your writing harshly, despite never giving us any writing instruction. Avoid this professor, for sure,2.0,3.0
He was by far my favorite professor this semester. We learned so much about media, including South Park! He was so interesting and he's adorable. Even as an honors class it was very clear, but still challenging. I would absolutely take another class with him.,5.0,2.0
His HNRS colloquium was very easy and straight forward. Streitmatter is so funny. Also, make sure you read, because it's easy to avoid reading because there are only class discussions. But you need it for the exam. He'll sometimes ask obscure things, but you'll remember it if you read even just once.,5.0,1.0
I love this professor. Although the class can get old because each one we spend discussing articles. However, it was very interesting and his books are really easy to understand and informative,5.0,1.0
Streitmatter is one of the best professors in SOC, hands down. He's really knowledgable about communications and has a great personality. He's really interested in what the students have to say and takes your thoughts into consideration. Always there to help. Very understanding. Wonderful man! And he's ADORABLE!,5.0,4.0
Great professor, but make sure you do the work. Sometimes, it seems like he takes it personally if you don't, and he really wants you to take something away from class. So give the guy a break and do the reading, man!,5.0,3.0
Streitmatter was one of my favorite professors at AU. He was not only entertaining in class, but became a friend during my time there. He was a great guide and a wonderful mentor. Don't miss out on a chance for his humor!,5.0,3.0
I had him as a professor 6 years ago, and I still remember him. Best Professor in the Communications school by far!!,5.0,2.0
I took him twice, and I never like to repaeat a professor. He is funny,and real. Who better to teach u the book than the author. Once u get used to his teaching style u can do well in the class. He is stimulating,very fair challenge, and I def. walked away from both classes having learned a lot,5.0,3.0
He's awesome! Even though I'm a republican and a lot of what he covers is the liberal media I loved the class. He's very enthusiastic about the material and very knowledgeable. I would definitely recommend this course!,5.0,2.0
Gotta love the guy, and his classes. Tests are easy to prepare for. One 6 page paper which is easy to write.,5.0,1.0
Rodger is the best professor I've ever had. I WISH he taught more than he does. The textbook he wrote for another class was so great, I decided to become a comm. major. Seriously. This is the professor of your dreams.,5.0,2.0
If you go to AU, are in the SOC, and haven't had this man, you're really missing out. He is one of AU's finest, a MUST for all students. Don't just take one class he teaches, take them all! Hell, he's written half the SOC courses himself,5.0,3.0
Prof Streitmatter is really funny and his classes are entertaining. He uses his books which are really easy to read, and interesting and lots of movies too! If you have the chance, take one of his classes before you leave!,5.0,2.0
this is the second class i have taken with him and he is an amazing professor and an amazing writer. He uses his own books and even they are interesting!,5.0,3.0
One of the best professors at AU,5.0,2.0
His tests are monotonous and often harder than necessary, but the class is good,4.5,4.0
WOW!,5.0,3.0
I am in a class of 100... and he knows my name. His test might take a bit getting used to.. but do take his course... you will not regret it.,4.5,3.0
Good lecturer and handles big classes with patience and direction. He writes most of the course material so you can actually ask the author for clarification.,5.0,3.0
Best Comm professor ever! It's crucial to your existence that you take his class!,5.0,1.0
This guy is the best. Talks abot issues that affect today's students--engaging. Take a class from him before you leave AU,5.0,4.0
such a good class, he is funny and knows all of his material. he is open to everything students have to say and in my class of 100 he knows everyones name.,5.0,2.0
He's hilarious, witty, and gives good notes for tests. I enjoy the class and he makes it fun and enjoyable. Take him in understanidng mass communications!,5.0,3.0
Excellent teacher, AWESOME one-on-one feedback. Take any of his classes, and YOU WILL BE A BETTER WRITER. Funny as all hell, and he really knows his stuff inside and out.,4.0,4.0
Hilarious and fun. Gives excellent feedback on writing.,4.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
While he was pretty nice as a person, his class was unnecessarily hard (fill in the blank TESTS & quizzes). You should attend class b.c he drops your lowest test grade, but I missed out on that. Do the extra credit, or you're SOL. I got an A, & he went over things you really should know in gen psych, but don't take this if you don't have to.,3.5,3.0
While he is not a bad teacher, I would say his class just isn't worth the difficulty level. His tests do not test critical thinking but instead require you to remember random vocabulary words that could have appeared only once before. I do not feel that his assessment style is fair to students, and he doesn't grade on a curve.,4.0,5.0
Great teacher, interesting lectures, but weekly quizzes mean you must keep up with the reading or you are screwed.,4.5,5.0
awesome lectures. very good instructor. supposed to be the hardest section of psych 1101, but the class is very interesting and by the end of the semester he knows everyone's name which is really awesome (you dont see this a lot at tech). great teacher overall. i would reccommend to any psych major.,5.0,3.0
Supposedly the hardest section for Psych 1101 but he did a great job in not making the lectures dull as hell, which they shouldn't be but somehow other teachers can make them that way. The quizzes are sometimes very detailed and tricky though.,5.0,4.0
Great! Goes out of his way, compared to 99% of the teachers at Tech.,5.0,3.0
Amazing lecturer and a fun guy! As long as you attend and listen during the lectures then you should do well in the class. Taking notes can be really helpful. There's no work outside of class except for studying for each exam. Although your entire grade is based on the exams, the exam questions are fairly straightforward.,5.0,2.0
If you go to class and just write down the vocab words, you'll probably get an A. Prof Catrambone just kinda teaches what he wants and he absolutely makes it work. Very fun dude.,5.0,1.0
Overall easy yet fascinating class. Grade is determined by 4 exams (no cumulative final) on content covered during lectures. There is no required textbook unless you want to read more outside of class, which I found isn't necessary. Great lecturer with a super dry sense of humor.,5.0,2.0
Your grade is entirely dependent on four midterms, for which the information is only given through lectures. Attendance isn't mandatory, but the information isn't posted anywhere else so make sure you show up. Tests are fair and the sample questions he posts are helpful.,4.0,3.0
The course is based on 4 midterms, which are not cumulative. Although there is a textbook he recommends, I found it doesn't help much. He gives great lectures, and that is pretty much the only source of information for exams. He doesn't record lectures so make a friend to share notes if you will miss class.,5.0,2.0
Great professor for PSYC 1101. The class is lecture-heavy (as in ALL content is delivered through in-person lectures), and lectures are only spoken with occasional writing on the board. This could seem like a negative, but it's not at all - he is an excellent lecturer - funny, sarcastic, engaging, easy to understand. Assessments were fair.,4.0,1.0
There really wasn't a boring lecture. Our grade was 3 tests and a final (25% each). This semester (unlike previous semesters) he decided that the grade distribution would have 15% of students get an A, which is really brutal for an intro humanities course.,5.0,4.0
Your grade is based on 3 tests but only based on what he teaches in class. Very funny and has interesting lectures. Make sure you go to class or have a friend record lectures. He doesn't post slides or anything, just a lecture.,5.0,2.0
Probably one of my favorite professors I've taken at Tech. He makes the material fun and engaging and the exams aren't too hard. He doesn't use PowerPoint, which makes it hard if you miss class, but he encourages class discussion and makes the material enjoyable to learn.,5.0,3.0
,1.0,4.0
There are three tests. That's it. The material is straightforward and easy to grasp, but if you miss lectures you're screwed. Otherwise, he's very accessible and is a good lecturer. Make friends if you plan on skipping class.,4.0,3.0
We are only graded on tests and they aren't that hard but everyone still does bad. and he is not very sympathetic about grades. like at all. but he is nice,2.0,3.0
We were literally only given three 35 question tests for our entire grade. There is little to no curve and we are not given much clarity on what tests will cover. Very stressful, would not recommend.,2.0,3.0
Taking his class during summer semester. If it wasn't for lecture recordings I wouldn't be passing. It's 100% based on lecture: no slides / no textbook. Grading is solely off of tests. Each summer lecture is 3hrs, so it's pretty hard to pay attention. He is a nice guy tho. Overall, not for everyone so avoid if this isn't your learning style.,3.0,4.0
Be warned, there are no lecture slides, there is no textbook. There are no homework assignments. Just 4 tests. You fail one and you're screwed. Everything is lecture based, so it forces you to show up, pay attention, and write notes. I did not enjoy his class, but he was very nice with coronavirus and worked with us. Good guy, not best professor,2.0,4.0
His Psyc 1101 class is great. Dr. Catrambone is a great lecturer, and very funny. As long as you go to class and take notes, you will do well on exams.,5.0,2.0
Professor Catrambone is one of the best lecturer's I have ever had! He is also an all-around cool guy. I would be interested in taking another class he is teaching. Attendance is nonmandatory but he only lectures, with no powerpoints. Thus, it's important to go to class to get the notes dor the tests. Our only grades were 4 tests. No HW.,5.0,3.0
Prof was good and probably deserves a 3. He was funny and interesting. But I'm lowering the score so less ppl take his class. He has no notes, slides, nor hw. He just talks and the only grades are 4 tests throughout the semester. Therefore, if you miss even 1 class, you are done. Also, he is unsympathetic. No extra credit either...,1.0,4.0
Fantastic prof, extremely dry humor, sarcastic as heck. Cares about the subject and is very knowledgeable. Grading is only 4 exams on material covered in class. No lecture slides posted online, so go to class (it's enjoyable anyways). Exams aren't too difficult, study 1-2h and you'll make an A.,5.0,2.0
Fantastic teacher that really cares about his students. The tests are easy if you go to his lectures, which are always interesting and fun. Three hours of studying and you'll ace every test,5.0,1.0
AWESOME TEACHER!!!!,5.0,3.0
Very cool teacher. He is funny and always willing to help. Book is completely unneeded, don't waste your money, just go to class and take notes and you will get A's on all the tests. Tests are straight from lecture and almost exactly the as practice tests. Just go to lecture, read notes, take practice test and the extra credit never hurts.,5.0,1.0
Catrambone is an awesome teacher. He is very funny, entertaining, and fair. He explains everything in detail if you need it and is always willing to work with you outside of class.,5.0,1.0
It's always nice to have a professor with a sense of humor, and he certainly has one. :),3.0,3.0
I really enjoyed Catrambone's class. He is kind of strange sometimes but very likeable. His lectures are actually fun to go to and his tests are almost just like his online practice questions. First A I have made at Tech.,4.5,2.0
Very fun class, don't bother buying the book, but don't take this class if you don't plan on attending. Tests are long but lecture based. I love his teaching style and recomend the class. Plus he's funny and explains things very well.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
One of the hardest classes I took at GT, but I also learned the most. Dr. Marr is an incredibly smart person, and he can be intimidating to talk to because he is one of those people who knows everything about everything. I think going to his office hour really helps because he sees that you want to do well and work hard (and he is fun to talk to!).,5.0,5.0
Dr. Marr's class was very challenging, but I have not taken another class that taught me as much. His lectures are very interactive in the sense that he talks through the concepts and makes sure his students are on the same page. He has very high expectations, but in my case, this just pushed me to accomplish more than I thought I was capable of.,4.0,4.0
A brilliant professor that's passionate about his subject, yes. But he won't let you through his class if he thinks there's any possibility that you still believe in such "falacies" as free will. The single most depressing class you'll ever take in college. It's hard to study anything when it just bums you out...,1.5,5.0
Professor Marr is horrible to take. But you have no other option. You will fail his tests, but it seems like everyone does so he curves it to some degree. Just be prepared to have no idea what is going on, read 4 different books, write 200 pages of commentaries and outlines on them, and give up any reasoning to believe in free will.,1.0,5.0
It's too bad Dr. Marr gets bad marks. Yes, his classes are challenging. But, he was one of the best profs I had. He actually puts thought into what he teaches and cares that his students learn. Easy class doesn't = good class. It's the stuff you had to work for that you will remember down the road.,5.0,4.0
I hated this class, but it's required for majors, and he's the only one that teaches it, so what can you do... but go ahead and stop believing in god and mentalistic causation now, read skinner and read him often and you might survive.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
Brilliant professor and clearly a top-notch academic with a lot of knowledge about the history of the field. Comes across as intimidating initially but he's very approachable in truth. You'll learn to think about things differently from taking his class, and it's nice that the tests are very straightforward.,5.0,2.0
He is really smart, knowledgable and passionate which is great if you are interested in what he is teaching. His tests are pretty much exclusively beaded off his notes and I think he does a great job of testing the important stuff as opposed to the minutia.,3.5,2.0
Dr. Ackerman is a big name in his field and teaches quite well for a Georgia Tech Psychology Professor.,4.0,3.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
Some of his lectures are very confusing and long-winded, but the man truly cares. He cares about his students and about what he is teaching and he is one of the funniest, most interesting people I have ever had the pleasure of meeting.,5.0,2.0
Honestly the worst professor I have ever had. His class isnt hard but its extremely tedious and time consuming when I rather be doing more important stuff for other classes. Communication is terrible and he never responds to emails. Directions are always unclear and assignments are tedious. Class is a waste of time I havent learned anything.,1.0,1.0
Landscape Planning is essentially a course title assigned to a once-a-week class where students work individually on their own research projects, and Dr. Kulhavy meets with you and helps your progress. Dr. Kulhavy is awesome! He's calm, organized, and genuinely cares about his students. He's very knowledgable and aims for every project to be great!,5.0,3.0
Dr. Kulhavy is a crazy man. You will not learn much about whatever the class title is. His upper level courses are designed for one thing: to produce undergraduate research for SFA and ATCOFA. That being said, make the most out of your project. It can give you crazy opportunities to publish research and boost your resume. It is what you make of it.,4.0,2.0
Dr Kulhavy made this class unbearable. His slides had entire novels on them and he blew through them fast. We barely learned anything about landscape ecology. Instead he rambled on and on about drones which had nothing to do with the class. Overall this class was made to test our patience instead of teach us anything. It's easy but its not worth it,1.0,1.0
He is crazy as all get out but can be extremely funny. The class could never be hard but I took it as an honors class and it was awesome. We took walks in the arboretum and stuff like that to get out of the classroom. My only problem with him is he never stops talking. Easy Class. No real work.,4.0,1.0
This class is pretty easy. Just go to class, make friends, and learn about different things at SFA. There are lots of fun activity days such as pumpkin carving and scavenger hunts, and several speakers came to talk to the class about different services available at the university.,4.5,1.0
You go into this class knowing it will be a blow-off. Having said that, Kulhavy is helpful regarding scheduling and how to change your major. He knows a lot about different majors and tells you who to talk to. You also do fun things like carve pumpkins and plant trees. Overall, an easy and honors credit.,4.0,1.0
Fantastic professor! It seems like he's a little off his rocker, but he really knows his stuff. All you have to do is ask and he'll help you with anything. The class really helps when you take Management Plans because you know how to look for high risk disease spots and how to rate stands for bug hazards. Work hard on the project and the song.,3.5,1.0
Very hard to figure out exactly what he is wanting from projects. He also DOES NOT know his stuff. The winning project from last semester contained incorrect definitions and quotes taken out of context. It is difficult to trust what you learn from professors like this.,1.0,3.0
There aren't any grades in this class. Basically everyday we just went over any issues people were having with classes and roommates. We also had some help with academic advising and learned about study abroad programs. Interesting professor,5.0,1.0
AWESOME! Thats all I can say. Best teacher ever.,5.0,4.0
Yes it's supposed to be a blow off class, but he took such an interest in helping all of us that you couldn't help but be taught some of the basics to survival. He helps to give you some Schedule Advising before you actually go to your advisor. If everyone could just sit down with him to discuss their plans in college, he could help them succeed.,5.0,1.0
Not a real class, but he is a great guy. Took a personal interest in everyone in the room. Thinks outside the box.,5.0,1.0
Great guy and will do anything to help out students. He really loves his job. He really knows his stuff, but those who are more traditional or "factual" type thinkers might have a hard time. His teaching style is unorganized and abstract a lot of times, and hard for some (like me!) to follow. Show interest and write good papers and you will be fine,3.5,2.0
1,5.0,1.0
He is a very hip teacher, had a lot of fun in the 60's. This class is not hard and is really fun. For his papers just add lots of pictures,3.5,2.0
he was great. I actually enjoyed SFA 101 and after hearing horror stories from other students I really appreciated having a good teacher,5.0,1.0
He's so nice! Cares about the success of his students. Very helpful. I hope to stay in contact with him through my college career.,5.0,1.0
Groovy Man!,4.0,3.0
Dr. Kulhavy is a great teacher and a great guy.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Kulhavy is a great teacher and a outstanding person.,5.0,4.0
AWSOME! This man will change your whole perspective on life.,5.0,3.0
I don't know how he is as a teacher, but as an SFA 101 advisor, he rocks. He has lots of connections, helps out as much as he can, and always follows through. Ask him to sing the Bug Song! Very genuine, very helpful, very kind. Good sense of humor, too.,5.0,1.0
REALLY nice guy, helps out any way he can,4.5,1.0
make the effort to write good insightful papers and you are golden!,5.0,2.0
Very condescending towards students. Talks down on them as if they were children. Very passive aggressive with his curt comments. "Come on guys, I'm trying to let you pick groups but if you don't want to then I will blah blah blah." He has no interest in helping the student get better and instead grades as if they should know it right off the bat.,1.0,5.0
HE IS THE WORST TEACHER I HAEV EVER HAD. HE DOES NOT WORK WITH HIS STUDENTS TO HELP THEM TRY TO UNDERSTAND WHAT HE WANTS. DON'T TAKE HSI CLASS IF YOU DO YOU WILL FAIL. Communication 111 should be a easy class but he makes teh class hard and impossiable to endure. Please don't take his his class or you will fail.,1.0,5.0
OMG!!!!!!!1 THE WORST TEACHER I HAVE EVER TAKEN...HIS GRADING SYSTEM IS HORRIBLE AND HE TRIES TO FAIL YOU. HE DOES NOT WORK WITH YOU. N0 ONE SHOULD FAIL OR EVEN GET A "C" IN COM 111. I AM A GREAT SPEAKER I HAV BEEN ON THE SPEECH AND DEBATE TEAM AND EVEN THEATRE I DID WHAT THIS MAN ASKED AND HE STILL TRIED TO FAIL ME. DO NOT TAKE HIM DO NOT DO NOT,1.0,5.0
HORIBBLE PROFESSOR!! He writes his own reviews. All the good ones say path to success, or he expects you to follow directions, or tough but fair professor. Such a horrible human being that cant even take criticism, why else would he write his own reviews?,1.0,3.0
I have had four years of proffesional speech training, gone to and won nationals at speech competitions, and this man is trying his hardest to fail me. Won't even pay attention to your speech because he's too busy writing down things wrong with it. Never looks at you. Tests are ridiculous. GET A DIFFERENT PROFFESOR.,3.0,5.0
Total unethical prof...treats his debate team like he owns them, and does not care about anyone but himself.,1.0,5.0
he follows the rules strictly. he sometimes thinks his class is the only one you are taking. try your best in the debates and go to him for help when your confused, it helps. half of his tests are vocabulary. great professor. defintiely recommend taking his class.,3.5,4.0
Fairly intense class because the subject has a lot of information to learn. Jeffcoat is good at helping if you need assistance. Follow instructions, don't miss class and study if u want to do well.,5.0,4.0
Jeffcoat interrupts a lot for being an interpersonal com teacher. It's not a difficult class if you just do the work and read the chapters. Some people find him annoying, which he can be in ways, but just do you work and ask for help if you need it, and you'll do fine.,4.0,4.0
I think Mr. Jeffcoat writes his own ratings. If you look at the good ones they all say the same thing. Hes a horrible teacher.,1.0,5.0
He epitomizes everything he discourages. Horrific speaking skills. Ludacris non verbals. Mediocre 111 speaker at best, and he is teaching it!?!?!,1.0,5.0
I CAN'T STAND HIM!!!! Loves to hear himself talk.pretty straight forward class but not so great teacher.his class drives me crazy!!!!! TAKE A DIFFERENT PROF!!!!!!!!!!!!!,2.0,5.0
This man is very arrogant. He also plays favorites in his class so get on his good side. Even though his class is straight forward, if your not a good public speaker you will make a low C or a "D" at best..,3.0,4.0
This is by far the worst teacher at SFA. If you have any fear of speaking, you will leave this class a basket case. The tests are straightforward if you memorize the book. arrogant man. He looks at you while you talk, but don't expect him to listen.,2.0,4.0
WOW!!! This guys loves himself but not students. I would take another prof for public speaking. Easy class but he is a jerk!,1.0,5.0
Interpersonal class taught by uninterpersonal teacher! This guy likes useless papers and busy work. I could have read the book and been just fine!,1.0,5.0
Very straight forward class. Path to success is explained the first day. Tests are departmentalized and you will need to study the text and workbook. I followed his directions and did just fine. I know from the group speech that some classmates just don't apply themselves. I did the required work and things turned out OK.,5.0,3.0
He was terrible! Imagine the grinch, on his worst day, and you have Mr. Jeffcoat! He was no help, and i knew we were not going to get along from the first day! Dont take him seriosly!,1.0,5.0
Mr. Jeffcoat is terrible, he makes you feel really uncomfortable while speaking and grades hard as anything. I wish i could swear in this, but i cant. So he sucks, dont take.,2.5,5.0
Jeffcoat is very nice, but he expects you to follow directions. If you do everything he tells you to, then you'll do fine. He expects you to work hard, but he'll help you find resources for your research and he's very encouraging. He's picky about details like the size of your notecards (4x6)! Read the directions!,5.0,4.0
I was scared to take speech!!! I still hate speaking in public, but not as much. Jeffcoat is very straight-forward. He tells you exactly what to do, and then expects perfection.,5.0,3.0
He is the best prof I had this semester. The class taught me a lot about sounding organized and intelligent when speaking.,5.0,2.0
Worst professor i have ever had. I am a very vocal person and not afraid to speak in public, but he made people feel like crap.. Hes not a nice guy, very hard grader and rings a damn bell if you pause during a speech or saw umm, uhh or like. DO NOT TAKE,2.0,5.0
Not a hard class at all. DO NOT TAKE MONDAY NIGHT CLASSES!long and boring!! he is a very difficult grader, and is not lenient at ALL! he loses turned in assignments, then penalizes the student for his irresponsiblity.,3.0,4.0
Mr. Jeffcoat is not a bad person. His class is difficult for a few reasons though. First, he's required to follow departmental policies about attendance. That's not his fault. Second, he tends to sound much more uncaring than he really is. Show interest, do the work, and show up to office hours if you're having problems. I got a B.,3.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
He grades hard as hell. He did not explain how to do the outline the way he wanted untill you have already messed up on about three or them.,1.0,5.0
He's a good professor and the class is moderately easy if you pay attention, don't be afraid to ask for help, show up for class, and do the assignments. Reading some helps on the exams, but the reviews in the workbook are great! This class really helps with communication abilities and he didn't play favorites in our class to any one gender.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
His class is a bit of a challenge and requires some effort but now that we are near the end I am glad I took him because i feel more confident and secure when speaking even tho it is not easy to do at times. 5 speeches and 3 exams are where the grade comes from along with attendance so B sure and go to class everyday or your grade will tank.,5.0,4.0
i hated the class and he was not a good teacher he was not helpful at all and he just asummed that you new what he was talking about,1.0,5.0
He is the speech/debate coach. He tries to take credit for your "success" over the semester even tho you're doing all the work. Durring one speech he tells the class to shout things out and to let cell phones ring to see if you crack under the pressure. Strick about absences, 11 ppl in my class of 30 dropped.,3.0,5.0
I made an A in his class and a lot of other people in my class did too. He was a hard but good teacher and from experence that's normal the correct combination for a good teacher. I really didn't study all that much. Do the review and just looked over them for no more than an hour and yo'll do fine. Don't let him scare you in the beginning.,4.0,4.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
STAY AWAY!!! This class is supposed to be the easiest class ever and he does everything in his power to make it hard. He is annoying..he wears his pants up to his chest and whips his head back and forth the whole time he talks. It is not a hard class but if you take another professor it will be a lot smoother. I can't stand the guy.,1.5,4.0
tells you just what he wants and grades accordingly. this works well for me. some classmates make things much harder than necessary by not following directions. use the studyguide for exams.,5.0,2.0
He gives very clear directions so follow them and things will go well. The class is easy if you show up and LISTEN. An office visit for outlining help was time well spent and I now understand how to do well in this class. The key to success here is to pay close attention to instructions...then follow them.,5.0,3.0
i worked really hard in this class and he was not helpful at all. he doesnt care about his students, and will do anything to stop them from doing good.,1.0,5.0
if you're looking to get your credit and get on with your life, being the debate coach he is, he'll load on some more for ya. dammit all,3.5,4.0
Do not take him. This class is suppose to be super easy, but he makes it difficult and unclear. DO NOT TAkE HIM!!,1.0,4.0
He doesn't care about you at all...JUST YOUR SPEECHES!!! His class is boring. He is a very sarcastic pain in the butt. Do not take this guy. I did because I had no choice. If you can, wait to take somebody more awesome than him. He's not very positive at all!!!,1.5,4.0
friendly...helpful...encouraging...gives clear directions...ok class if you follow directions and study for tests...attendance counts so go to class,5.0,3.0
I didn't know what to expect going in because I knew nothing about debate. I ended up liking this class. Lots of activities that make you think and good study tips for the exams. Take him if you can!,5.0,3.0
really great professor. willing to help. very approachable, wants students to succeed. took him for debate and had to compete with debate team to get an A, but otherwise not that hard.,5.0,2.0
His class isn't to bad. In his office he is as nice as can be but inteh classroom he is kind of arrogant. He grades his speeches kind of hard... maybe because he's the debate coach. Wait untill he brings out "the bell"... I would deffintley recommend NOT taking his class.,2.5,3.0
The worst comm teacher @ S.F.A. Very unclear on asignments, does not help you out outside of class. If you are a good looking girl you will probably have a better chance of getting a better grade. Hates Fraternity guys... Horrible, worst teacher I have ever had.,1.0,4.0
I found him to be friendly and helpful. We were challenged but that's ok. I'd take him again if I needed another communication course.,5.0,2.0
If you are not a communication major you will not get an A. He is an awful teacher. I have not had a professor take tardies since high school! He is arrogant and rude! I took his class twice and did not make over a C. I took another professor and made an A, with the same material. Jerk!,1.0,4.0
Good teacher, good class. Follow his directions and you will succeed. He spells it out for you so all you have to do is what he asks. Excellent study guide for the final exam!,5.0,3.0
Here is a simple formula for success in this class: All you need to do is follow directions closely, ask for help with outlines, and study the book for the departmental exams. He was really helpful when I asked questions and I ended up liking the class more than I expected.,5.0,2.0
The class was a bit slow at times because I already knew the information. Activities kept things interesting. His class was not difficult so I can't imagine anybody not passing. The FREE career test reveals good information if you spend some time to think about your results.,5.0,1.0
We had several fun activities and I had a good time in his class. New freshman should take Jeffcoat for SFA 101. I'll be taking him for speech as well.,5.0,1.0
I would not recommend him to people - He seems nice at first, but really he is mean and VERY picky. You MUST follow directions precisely and be a perfect public speaker. There is not any room for mistakes in his class.,3.0,4.0
very great guy........some think he's hard but i thought he was alright just do your speeches on time and if you ever have problems with outlines he's willin to help ya out,5.0,3.0
He's a good teacher who is very helpful if you drop by the office. I'm making an A so far and have not found this class overly difficult although it would be easy to fall behind if you're not careful.,5.0,2.0
I don't think that a man so unprepared to teach a class should so harshly criticize his students for being unprepared for those rediculous speaches. I HATE THAT CLASS!! I HATE THAT MAN!! DO NOT TAKE!!!,1.0,5.0
He was a great teacher! I have always been terrified of public speaking, and he understood that, and really helped me get through his class. He really cares about his students and is very passionate about what he teaches! Great teacher to take!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Great debate coach and great instructor!,5.0,1.0
He gives clear directions. You can tell he likes to see his students do well. I recommend him.,5.0,2.0
I'm glad I took him for COM 111 because he really seems to care about his students.,5.0,1.0
Things move fast in the summer but he really helped me out. Great Teacher!,5.0,3.0
I had fun. I made a B.,3.5,3.0
Take him, you will thank me later.,5.0,1.0
Good guy!! I enjoy his sense of humor.,5.0,1.0
He was both helpful and friendly. If you listen to directions, do the work, and attend class things will go well. The attendance bonus is an added plus. The extra points are worth it!,5.0,2.0
My class was fun and I met some interesting people by hearing their speeches. He also helped us with the required outline submissions by doing it via email instead of webct. I recommend this Prof.,5.0,1.0
I was not looking forwward to public speaking but I ended up enjoying it! He gives very clear instructions and was very encouraging.,5.0,2.0
The class is not easy so be prepared to study. Do the work and you will actually learn something. I like his teaching style because he motivates us to join in the learning process. This works well for me.,5.0,2.0
Exams are rough (departmental) so it's the same in every class. Speechs require work but you will get through it if you pay attention to instructions.,5.0,3.0
Took this class a while ago. It was a lot of work but am using things learned here in other classes. I'm really comfortable speaking now!,5.0,2.0
Interesting subject & I learned a lot. I'm glad I took this course.,5.0,1.0
Departmental exams blow. Webct is a real m*****. He does give good directions and lets you know what is expected.,5.0,2.0
Very understanding when I had an emergency. This class requires work but he will help you if you ask for it. Based on things i've heard about other classes, I'm glad I took this one.,5.0,3.0
Webct outline submission is a pain but otherwise there were no problems. I'm earning my A by working for it...that's how it should be.,5.0,1.0
He is helpful and friendly. Departmental exams are rough so be ready for them. Speeches are fine if you do the work and select an original topic.,5.0,2.0
I tried Com 111 once with Srader. Now I'm in this class and like it! For those of you who think this is hard, try Srader next. You'll be back here ASAP.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,2.0,5.0
Complete jackass. He acted like we should have known everything already. Grades VERY hard. Do whatever you can to NOT get this professor.,1.5,5.0
No Comments,2.5,5.0
He was really friendly and helpful when I dropped by his office for help. Departmental tests are HARD so be sure to study for them. Other than tests, it was a good class!,5.0,2.0
Buck up, you pansies! Jeffcoat isn't as hard as you've heard. In fact, he's pretty damn forgiving in certain areas. Just pay attention to some of the finer details, READ THE BOOK, and quit whining. There are worse professors on this campus!,5.0,3.0
I got my A! This was a great class. Departmental exams are tough but they are the same in every class from what I understand.,5.0,1.0
Fun class. Lots of activities. Useful information. I figured out a major due to the career testing in this class.,5.0,1.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS MAN!!!!! I worked as hard as I could, I struggled and barely pulled off a C!!! And ATTENDANCE does count!! You can only miss two days then he takes off your final grade. oh yeah, WORST CLASS EVER!!!,2.0,5.0
Hard at first, but it does prepare you for the real world. Grading is very hard.,3.5,5.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
Simply Evil. Unfair grading, grades one student one way, and another student another way. Doesn't lecture, tests come straight from the book. Course load is heavy...lots of work. Cocky SOB...not really interested in helping or teaching students.,1.5,4.0
I took him 3 years ago, and it was tough. But the class prepared me for the real world (something I had no concept of at the time).,4.5,4.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
knows what he wants, but has unrealistic expectations...treats an intro class like a graduate class,2.5,5.0
He is, by far, the hardest teacher I've ever had. This class should be easy or, at least understandable but he makes it the opposite. Anyone who rated him good, probably was Dr. Jeffcoat. You will hate this class, even if you do good in it. DON'T TAKE,1.0,5.0
The people who hate him just aren't cut out for communications. He is an easy professor with a normal grading bracket and is always willing to help. I made an easy a,5.0,1.0
He has a RIDICULOUS grading system. Decided to change my minor. I've been making regular speeches in my current job, trust me NO ONE cares what your outline looks like, much less it's sentence style or underlining. Grading system is highly unfair!,1.0,5.0
I'm sorry, but a speech is not graded by whether or not the title is underlined!,4.0,3.0
Hello!! go to class and follow directions like you are supposed to and you will get an A,4.0,3.0
took him during the summer, he's not as bad as people think he is,4.0,3.0
pay lots of attention to his directions, he's a real stickler for absenses,,1.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
Expects debate team skills out of everyone. Picky grader. Nothings ever enough.,1.0,5.0
lots of speeches, grades hard, took him awhile back, but still the same i hear,2.0,4.0
No Comments,3.0,5.0
Hard but clear....you learn a lot,5.0,3.0
Mean as a teacher.,2.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,5.0
Saryta is an incredible professor, during my multiple health problems this semester, she was beyond accommodating with a desire to help me succeed even through multiple barriers. I have the utmost respect for her. She has a huge passion for computer science and great lectures. She will help you if you reach out. I would easily recommend her class!!,5.0,3.0
Saryta is a funny, quirky and caring professor. She has quite the sense of humour! She may be hard to contact at times, but always does her best to reply - she is the chair of CS at camosun, after all! She truly wants the best for her students, giving her absolute best to accomodate. she's knowlegable in her teachings, yet approachable and humble,5.0,3.0
Full of energy and passion. Admits mistakes and takes responsibility for faults even if they are not her own like our CMS eating our grade book. She really likes linked list and gets so excited about them. Found out she is Chair and she has not taught in a long time. Very helpful in labs. She should be in the classroom more. Great instructor.,5.0,3.0
I have a lot respect for Saryta. As chair of the department she has a lot on her plate, but is also always willing to help a student as much as she can. She can be a bit inappropriate at times, but it's easy to look past as she is very approachable and friendly. She'll put up with a lot of stuff, but she is far from a pushover.,4.5,2.0
Didn't learn anything from class. There did not appear to be a plan for the course. Wish there had been a better textbook.,2.0,4.0
Instructor had constant and numerous errors on slides, tests, and lab assignments. Constant corrections to in class examples on the board were required. Constantly arrived late to lab periods and was unprofessional during class. On one occasion, she answered her cell phone in the middle of a class!,1.5,3.0
The course itself was frustrating but Saryta did her best to bring us up on C# and ASP.net. She was helpful and willing to change her approach to benefit the students. She is currently head of the department so it is rare she teaches, but try to have a class with her. She makes class entertaining and interesting.,4.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
Fun, interesting, knowledgeable. Focused on those who want to be there. Whiners and hand holders are not her favorite. Some people need to grow up. Don't go to college if you don't want to work or be focused. Does a great job with what little she has to work worth and sometimes that is very little.,5.0,3.0
You make capstone a joke....try teaching and not picking favorites and sucmbing to the pressure of the mouthy ones...,1.5,1.0
Good sense of humour. Slow course with lots of technical terms but she tried to bring up everyday experiences so we understood the relavance. I would like to take more class with her but I am not a computer person at all. She was great.,5.0,2.0
Very entertaining and well spoken. Easily the most dedicated instructor I have ever had the priviledge to be taught by. Extremely approachable and gregarious, very understanding in extenuating situations but by NO means a pushover.,4.5,3.0
great, funny, friendly, inteliigent, charming, charasmatic - all around good person. She will help you and make sure you understand without giving you the answer. She will make you suffer a little but for the betterment of your education. Take anything with her.,5.0,3.0
I had her when I started and now when I am almost done. She is fun and interesting. Definatly works hard to help all her students and she is friends with us as well. Best kind of prof, one where you go for help and one you can be social with. Downfall, far to nice to people who don't deserve it.,5.0,3.0
Good teacher, deffinetly helpfull especially when asked. For halloween last year she dressed up in sexy leathers, scared some students but I would do her! (even tho she is tall),4.5,2.0
she is great - take any course with her, she is always there for her students and loves what she does.,5.0,3.0
She is really interactive and funny. Made learning Java bearable if not enjoyable.,4.0,3.0
Saryta's a great teacher. Very knowledgeable and helpful. Seems to enjoy teaching a great deal, so class is always entertaining. Not to mention she's pretty easy on the eyes, too. ;),5.0,3.0
All I can say - excellent teacher. Take her whenever you can. Even if she is not teaching a person she will go out of her way to help.,5.0,1.0
She is the best teacher. Entertaining and knowledgeable. You always learn lots even from boring courses. I recommend her to everyone.,5.0,2.0
This course needs to be reworked. We know how to make webpages and flash sucks. Saryta was entertaining and very understanding. She did a good job at keeping up interested in a horrible course. I would love to have her again but I don't think we will :(,5.0,1.0
Boring as hell course, but she makes a great effort, and is always available for help. I feel sorry for the dicks in the class who made all the rude comments the whole term. She put up with them well.,4.0,2.0
Speaks way too fast and hard to follow. Reads from slides making DULL lectures and few visual aids. Weak presentation style but wonderful one on one and knowledgeable. Definitely helpful when asked.,3.0,2.0
Not a very exciting course but Saryta does a good job to help us and convey all the information needed in a logical fashion. Tries to keep the atmosphere positive even with low attendance. I think she is the best and I hope we have her again.,5.0,1.0
Saryta knows her material and is one of the best teachers I have had.Too bad she hasn't taught us more classes.She tries her best to help us 'get it' and last quarter even held weekly help sessions on her own time...she did say my code was ugly though :7),5.0,3.0
what a horrible course but Saryta did an excellent job in making sure we understood the process in effective software building. Very knowledgeable about software construction and how to make a project successful. I highly recommend her for any course,5.0,1.0
Really cool instructor. People who complain just did not do the work. She gave ample opportunity to do the work without losing marks and is always available through email when she is not on campus. The final was long but definatly not hard. Great class.,5.0,3.0
very helpfull adn undersatnading but needs to eb a little more stern also has to teach her way adn not listen to what the students want her to teach by trying to make it easier for some she has made it harder for others to pass,4.5,1.0
Has her good days and her bad days. Unfortunatly, she has been sick a few times. She tried hard to make sure we understand but sometimes the abstract stuff is confusing.,4.5,3.0
Very nice and helpful. Should be more stern and not let the loud complainers get to her. Glad she stayed and helped us through the course.,5.0,2.0
Very helpful and great notes and examples,4.0,2.0
Great class, easy if you are on the ball. Sure a couple of classes got cancelled but when you can't talk you can't teach either. Nice notes, takes the time and she is very helpful.,5.0,1.0
Hillarious!! Made such a boring topic seem very interesting. I had fun and was inspired to do my homework. This was the first class I actually looked forward to attending. Only bad thing was she cancelled several classes.,4.0,4.0
Why don't they get it? Far to nice to the not so intelligent ones. Stop making her repeat the same thing over 10 times. Get a clue - she gives you all the notes and examples.,5.0,1.0
easy and fun course. Saryta is great!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Goodtimes!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
funny - easy course,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
nice and helpful. Funny in a quirky way, you'll laugh at least once in the cours,5.0,2.0
What a smart woman! What a brain! She is an excellent teacher and hot to boot!,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
cool cool cool um ya cool !! did 139 with her 2,5.0,5.0
She enjoys this stuff way too much which makes her a great prof and entertaining,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Nice, honest, careing, takes time to help, accomodating. Very good.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
funny, honest, definatly would take another course with her. Very helpful.,5.0,1.0
Not perfect, but the best teacher i have had at college,4.5,2.0
predictable, course is fair, very helpfull, sometimes says inapropriate things,4.0,4.0
Very professional and human instructor. The best!,5.0,2.0
she is a very good teacher,5.0,1.0
Definatly take a course with her. She's great.,5.0,2.0
Great teacher, she loves to get involved,4.0,1.0
She is very fair no matter what you do or say. Helpful to a fault. Very good.,5.0,1.0
Nice until you anger her. Then the horns come out of her head. Great Prof.,4.5,3.0
makes a boring course almost seem interesting,4.5,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Funny, makes java interesting and fun,4.5,2.0
Saryta listens to your problems or concerns with the course.Thank-you for caring,5.0,1.0
funny, entertaining. I like her already!,5.0,2.0
very "evil" in a nice way. very animated,4.5,3.0
darn she's getting married ='( -- look I learned something!,5.0,2.0
awesome,5.0,3.0
If you want to learn take course with her. She's great and funny too.,5.0,3.0
Take a course with her. She is nice, funny, and great. She's one of the best!,5.0,2.0
awesome, interesting, and she wants you to do well. =),5.0,2.0
Take a course with her .. she's hot!,5.0,3.0
She's GREAT! She's funny, helpful and always willing to be there for you.,5.0,3.0
She never said that! Did you ever actually attend class?,5.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
She is really helpful and cares about her students.,5.0,3.0
Very helpful, I encourage you to try to take a course with her.,4.5,3.0
easy to talk and always willing to help,5.0,3.0
She knows JAVA, belive me!,5.0,3.0
Shes hot. And Smart. What more could you ask for?,4.0,3.0
She does't know JAVA, believe me!,1.5,3.0
She teachs alot of courses, be sure to be in one.,5.0,3.0
No extra credit or grade curving. Very nit-picky grader. Will take off points for 1 little word you did not mention in the exam essay. Also very hard (and lots) of true/false questions. Does not help. Just says to read carefully, that's it. Also does not respect disability accomm. Ridiculous. No tutoring either. Hardest class I have ever taken.,1.0,5.0
Soils is a notoriously hard class, but to be honest it has been my favorite class as an undergraduate. at first dr farrish can seem scary, but he really wants to see you succeed and he is a extremely knowledgable and amazing professor. if you recopy your notes a few times, though tedious it is worth it, youll do great on tests.,5.0,4.0
Disappointed that I had to take soils lecture online, but he made the best of the situation! Dr. Farrish is a very knowledgable man, and you can tell that he cares very much to answer any questions or offer help. The notes are extremely detail-oriented, and the exams, while online, were not easy in the slightest. He grades fast!,4.0,4.0
Dr. Farrish is a really great professor. He is open to students coming in, during office hours, for help understanding lectures. Attend lectures, know all the material, and study ahead of time! His exams are not really difficult IF YOU STUDY!!,5.0,5.0
Worst professor Ive ever had. Wish I didnt have to take him again but seeing that there is literally no other choice I have no choice. Lectures are hard to follow when scrambling to write notes while also listening to what he is trying to say. Doesnt post anything on D2L which is what I absolutely hated about him.,1.0,5.0
Soil Science is an inherently difficult class. Dr. Farrish does his best to give detailed lectures, but it is entirely up to you to take adequate notes. Be prepared to take a very large amount of notes, as his PowerPoints are not available for study. His tests require very thorough studying, but are not impossible.,3.5,4.0
Make sure you read the book. There will be at least one 4 point question on every test from the textbook. His tests are crazy hard. He is very clear during lecture though. It's the true and false that messed me up. Jodi is an amazing TA go to her for help.,4.0,5.0
Make sure you're on time and come every class and you'll do fine. All test material is from notes and he is an awesome professor.,4.5,4.0
Good class, aside from the lab TA,3.5,4.0
He is a good teacher but the class is hard. all of the test questions come strait from the lecture notes so study them and the test grades will be a little better,4.0,3.0
Outstanding professor. He covers the material very well and will explain anything that seems fuzzy. If it is not important he will let you know. Tests cover the notes thoroughly. Great class and great prof!,5.0,4.0
labs really good experience, good teacher/student interaction, small size class,5.0,2.0
Amazing band director and great guy! He is very personable and knows what he's talking about. If you're thinking about doing band, totally do it! It is definitely one of the highlights of my Tech experience so far!,5.0,1.0
Super chill and fun band director,5.0,1.0
He's a great teacher, really fun and friendly. Marching band is really relaxed, but be aware that it's a huge time commitment. Also, you might get called out by name (or at least by instrument) if you do something really weird in practice, but it's fine as long as you fix it. Band was my life last semester, I would really recommend it!,5.0,2.0
Awesome guy. Very friendly. Like any other band director, will get mad during practice occasionally. More than willing to work out solutions with you if you can't make practice. Bear in mind that marching band takes up a ton of time. Semiweekly football, plus basketball and volleyball. You're at Tech, so only do it if you really love it.,5.0,1.0
Dr. Moore makes band a lot of fun, but be warned: college marching band isn't just football games. It's volleyball and basketball too. Football games will take almost your entire Saturday, and you will not go inside if it's raining. Marching band will take a lot of your time.,5.0,2.0
Chris is just cool, nothing else.,4.5,3.0
Totally Awesome. Is a wonderful teacher and actually cares about your individual situation if you are having a problem. Very down to earth.,5.0,1.0
Great prof. No stress class. Learned a lot from him. Would definitely take again,5.0,1.0
Easy class; you get an A automatically. Cool guy, fun class about recording and mixing. He's pretty funny and really nice.,5.0,1.0
awesome,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Extremely encouraging, thought-provoking and inspiring. Can make anything interesting. Excellent lecturer and tutor. Knows more William Blake than Harold Bloom. Possibly the best teacher I've had in over six years of undergraduate studies.,5.0,5.0
aced his papers, but received a B. subjective grading based on how well he likes you...,4.0,2.0
Make you think,5.0,4.0
Dr. Broglio is the BEST Tech teacher there is!,5.0,1.0
Best-prof-ever,5.0,4.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Dr. Brecke is a great professor! This class is super collaborative, so while attendance isn't mandatory, it is important. If you show up, participate, and put in a good effort you will get an A. He is also open to changing the course elements if it's too much, so his courses are never overwhelming.,5.0,2.0
Absolutely awesome professor. Clearly passionate about his field and cares a lot about his students.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Brecke is really caring, he's super accommodating, but also genuinely cares about his students. He wants to make sure his students are learning and enjoying his class, and continually asks for (and implements) student feedback. He has had a ton of really interesting life experiences that you get to learn about through your time with him too.,5.0,2.0
One of the best professors I have ever had. Cares about the students input, and wants to do his absolute best in teaching the course.,5.0,5.0
Very sweet professor and always looking to improve (very receptive to learning styles). Very easy to reach outside of class! Would definitely take again!,5.0,2.0
Dr. Brecke is a really enthusiastic lecturer and I really enjoyed his class because I was able to learn about many topics that I would not have had exposure to otherwise. I really liked that he focused more on learning rather than grades throughout the course. I would definitely recommend taking a class with him!,5.0,2.0
I wish Dr. Brecke had a higher rating. He tells great stories and is super knowledgeable!,5.0,1.0
The class itself is kinda a joke but Dr. Brecke is very cool and super smart.,5.0,3.0
He didn't seem to have anything together for this class. So many moved deadlines and confusing assignments. It was a very data-heavy class, and it wasn't really clear what he wanted from each assignment or what the deadlines were. Almost impossible to pin down to talk to after class. Gives no feedback. Tests on stuff not covered in class.,2.0,2.0
Curriculum is very thorough. Course covers a diverse range of topics and there's significant deviation from the syllabus. Homeworks/tests are fair. The course is built for lib. arts students - the quantitative analysis involved will be extremely easy for STEM students. Also - the Professor is EXTREMELY receptive to feedback.,4.0,2.0
He is the most interesting professor I had while at tech.,4.5,1.0
Dr. Brecke takes a class that has serious potential to be a snooze fest and makes it fun and interesting. He's super helpful and makes himself available to you. When I was having group project issues, he listened to me and took my thoughts seriously. Probably the best class I've had at Tech.,4.0,1.0
The most interesting class I took all semester. While he is a little scatterbrained and random he will work with you and help you to the best of his ability, even if it includes delaying an assignment etc. If you can stand a little disorder I would definitely recommend him.,2.5,3.0
fun and interesting professor,4.0,1.0
Used his position in class to sway how we voted in the national election. For everyone except extreme leftists, this was very uncomfortable. However, class wasn't bad and was pretty easy, and other than that he was very nice.,4.0,2.0
Professor Brecke should have a smiley face! I mean, the class isn't the most exciting INTA class, but Professor Brecke did an awesome job with the material. I had fun in this class, and I thought Professor Brecke was a fair and helpful instructor!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
I LOVE PROFESSOR BLOUNT! He is the best I had to rate him even though I took him last year because he deserves more than 4.5 rating he deserves 10/5!! He is the most TALENTED, kind, caring, & passionate professor I have ever had. After you take his class you will have another set of skills you are gonna be proud of. He hones your talent in drawing.,5.0,2.0
the best professor ever!!,5.0,4.0
He is a super cool professor! He will make you work and do all-nighters, however you will feel in love with architecture,5.0,4.0
Lived up to my expectations -- by the end of the course we had a solid amount of new material to add to our portfolio. Helpful when he walks around the room to go over individual techniques with those who seemed to struggle. He talks a lot but is super funny!,5.0,4.0
I loved this class he can teach anyone to draw if you're willing to learn. he is sarcastic but relatable. Keep an eye on your food, although he may not be in class at all times he can be easily found. if you want to learn to free hand arch drawing tak him,4.0,3.0
The best professor ever!!! Very helpful!!! You learn a lot!!!,5.0,3.0
Love it, most fun Ive had in a class yet. Blount is blunt! I was told my first concept drawings were "F"ing up. It was hilarious! our whole class learned an important lesson off of me and Blount seared it in for us. I learned a ton and my portfolio shows it.,5.0,3.0
Professor "Blunt" is the best profes. Ive run across in my time here at UTSA. He's funny, intelligent and will teach you everything he knows in order to succeed in his this major. Ignore those talking about not working on axonometrics; I'm working on mine as I type! Take this man and learn as much as you possibly can. He's once in a lifetime.,5.0,2.0
Amazing professor, I had him for Architecture Drawing and loved it! Very helpful, you will learn a lot from him. If you really want to learn or if you just want to improve on your drawing skills, take him. He is the only professor for ARC1313 who actually teaches ARCHITECTURE DRAWING!,5.0,3.0
Great Professor, helps EVERYBODY. He is practical and he will teach you REAL world applications. I made a "C" in drawing, but I learned so much from him. Definitely take him if you want to learn to draw.,4.5,4.0
The man can do it all, teach, learn, draw, design, build... He's a plethora of critical information and is seriously the coolest dude around. He's built over 150 buildings, draws like nobody's business, and will tell you every secret he knows to make you a better designer. He's incredible. Taking him has been the best thing I've done for studio. A+,5.0,3.0
Seriously the best professor you will find. He's incredibly insightful, helpful, will spend time with you 1-on-1, and always gives not only great, but accurate and productive advice. You will learn to draw and design extremely well. A real-world kind of guy, don't listen to anybody who says otherwise. Take him, work hard, and you'll be awesome. A+,5.0,1.0
The two idiots below are living ****ed lives thinking architecture is what's on HGTV. AIA doesn't license architects, it's a club, not a credential. Blount will teach you more design/drawing than any other professor. He is simply the best, a practicing architect and a wonderful instructor. Take him if you love architecture and aren't an idiot. A,5.0,1.0
Let me put it to you this way. Do not follow the happy faces associated with this teacher's ratings. Misleading. This is a man who displays favoritism early on in each semester. Your grade outcome is predetermined the first two weeks of class. Does not focus on Axonometrics as needed for Vis.com.Do not take him.Unfair and always taking class breaks,1.0,3.0
Awesome professor!! Loved his class. He will teach you the stuff you actually need to make your stuff look good and good sells in architecture!! :),4.5,3.0
Prof. Blount is probably the best renderer I've ever seen. Please disregard the disgruntled misanthrope who left him a bad rating and said he was a "painter who couldn't make it.",5.0,2.0
"Blunt" is straight forward and that's key. Excellent artist with lots of experience. Doesn't tool with txtbks, he teaches from his own expertise. Wasn't even an arch major, just curious. Gave me a B! Marlboro man could make some of the best drawings in minutes. Excellent class. Check out his work.,4.0,4.0
You will learn a lot in this class! His demonstrations are awesome, then he gives help individually. Great class!! Bring food and he'll spend extra time at your desk!,5.0,3.0
BEST PROFESSOR I'VE EVER HAD. This guy's amazing. You don't have a textbook because you work from handouts that he does for you in class. Takes him like 10 minutes to draw something I'd frame and sell. Knows exactly what he's talking about, and how to teach it. He also actually practices, so he has real-world knowledge. Awesome guy. Take his class!,5.0,2.0
Great class! I have never gotten so much out of a 5 week summer class before.,4.5,2.0
very, but very disorganized and is not there most of the time in class,2.0,2.0
This guy is a complete class act....awesome dude!!!,4.0,2.0
Not only was blount a great teacher, but he won an award to prove it!,5.0,2.0
very helpful, always willing to help, good design advice, shows you how to make you drawings look good, great artist, take his class if you can! you will learn alot,5.0,5.0
cool to the core,5.0,2.0
Admit it, all of those who love this professor is because you like to kiss ass and give away your food. I had heard that he was a good professor and I took him. WHAT A WASTE of TIME!!! He is just a frustated painter who couldnot make it in the arts, and just because he uses color crayons on he gets to teach a design class; All of you sicken me!!!,1.0,1.0
best teacher ever you have to take him!!!,5.0,1.0
coolest freakin teacher EVER!@!!!!!!,5.0,5.0
hot,5.0,3.0
Blount is the coolest person you will ever meet, he is a great teacher. If you can take him for any studio courses do so you will learn so much. He just rocks!!,4.0,3.0
awesome teacher u actually learn!!!!,5.0,1.0
best damn pro at utsa,5.0,2.0
Approachable, easy going, laid-back...one of the coolest professors. Though quite pragmatic, he will be able to teach you technical aspects of arch such as watercolor, pen work, etc. Don't count on him for theoretical design though.,4.0,2.0
ONe CoOl CAt,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Dr. Norman is really easy going in his lectures and takes his time to explain topics, this makes class much easier to follow. He's always up to reiterate things as needed and won't make you feel stupid for not knowing something even if you went over it 100 times. He really just wants everyone to learn and won't just let you fail.,5.0,4.0
Professor Norman is interesting. He's rarely prepared, often late, but it's clear he knows the material. Just not how to convey it properly. For this course, with materials ripped from Boppana's Math Found class, it became clear how unprepared he was to teach it. He's a sweet guy, but I got by by using Boppana's much more concise notes. Would avoid,1.0,3.0
Professor Norman is a funny guy. His lectures pretty much come straight from the book. One of the annoying things about his class is that he was never really prepared for class or never seemed to put effort into it. He never assigned things so he wouldn't grade them and when he did it took him he entirety of the semester to. Tests are easy though.,3.0,5.0
Not always coherent. Tends to simply execute a problem without addressing the concept that is confusing students. Tests were not scheduled ahead of time, and syllabus did not include all chapters.,2.0,4.0
My first lecture class. Norman was great, we did two presentations, but other than that we just listened to his lecture. It was nice, but boring at times. He noticed when students did not show. I would take again.,3.0,1.0
HW is optional but i recommend doing it for the test. Test are about average for the difficulty. If you need help he will help you. Makes math fun and interesting. He showed many cool examples of math in the real world. Real fair grader. He is a real intelligent person and one of the best professors i ever had.,4.5,3.0
Prof. Norman is an aged man. He is also possibly a part time stand up comedian. For real, he is super nice and a math whiz. He gives plenty of optional HW now (so if you don't like HW you can avoid the tedium). Though his voice drones on sometimes, the candidness about his lessons kept me interested. though I don't have anyone to compare him to,3.5,3.0
best math teacher at UTSA hands down!,5.0,3.0
Makes Calculus more memorizing instead of learning. You forget what he "taught" you easily. Nice man, bad teacher for calculus two. Had to try and teach myself many times throughout the year. Test are really hard with little preparation help.Don't suggest for Calc II.,1.5,5.0
Becareful if your taking this guy for Cal2, i would recommend taking Jacobson instead. His tests are 10x harder than the homework but he will work with you after class. Hes really nice but I dont think he should be teaching Calculus 2.,2.0,5.0
Dr. Norman is a very helpful person. His geometry class was so fun! I actually stayed awake the entire class time. The first part of the class is kind of difficult, but Taxicab Geometry is pretty easy. He helped me out with my other classes too! He makes learning fun! Best professor I've had at UTSA so far! I definitely recommend his classes.,5.0,2.0
Ever since I took this professor for Honors Pre-Cal, I loved how dedicated he was to his students. I took 8 (kid you not) classes from him by the time I graduated because he was such a good professor. He is so helpful. Definitely recommend.,5.0,3.0
Geometry. Makes class interesting, helps with questions, provokes though. Tests are tough but is known to give extra credit/make ups. Great math professor.,4.5,3.0
First test. No idea what was on the test. Didn't give any homework before the test but only one measly hw. Then the test is just competely different. Failed the class. He never shows up with a plan. Wasted my time, my money, and my need to graduate on time. I will never take a class under him again.,1.0,5.0
Always available to help, but lack of clarity makes him the worst professor I've ever had. Comes to class not knowing what he's going to teach. Teaching so disorganized we had no idea what to expect on tests. Make sure to beg for reviews for tests at least two weeks in advance. Avoid him like the plague. (Was a 4.0 GPA before this class! UGH!),2.5,3.0
he treats the ladies better than the guys. hes a good teacher butif your not a female hes not into helping.,3.5,3.0
excellent professor, probably would have done better in class if i had attended it.,5.0,1.0
Taking this guy was the best thing I've everdone great teacher, very detailed, must apply self to excell, I wantto take him through Differential Equations lol , GREAT TEACHER I RECOMMEND!!!!!!!,4.5,3.0
Very, very confusing way of teaching. But he is always available for office hours and has gone out of his way several times to help through impromtu study sessions. I am horrible at math, so obviously this would not be my favorite class though. He has an awesome personality and has fun in class.,3.0,5.0
Fun, personal professor who went out of his way to review us on several occasions on Sunday afternoons and various weekday evenings. If you get math you will do great. However, I think if he would have spoken some foreign language I would have made the same grade...,3.5,4.0
Good instructor, very detail oriented. I learned so much from this guy. He actually cares about students and helps them. Excellent math teacher.,5.0,2.0
Hot definately hot.,5.0,3.0
He is an incredible English professor. Every lecture is extremely well-done, interesting, and inspiring. I wish I could take his classes again.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Balbert is one of the sweetest professors I've had. He is genuinely caring and passionate, and wants to get to know all of his students. While sometimes his lectures felt long, listening was easy. He is also very good about telling you exactly what you need to get out of the readings in case you fall behind. I highly recommend his class.,4.0,2.0
Dr. Balbert is a great guy! He cares about the students and is accessible for office hours. Intimidating at first but once the course follows as long as you do the homework on time (never late) and listen to corrections you should be fine. FYE was a great class!,5.0,3.0
Such a caring teacher and is hilarious. He grades his papers harshly in terms of pointing out mistakes but he still is fair in terms of an actual grade. Revision assignments can improve the grade of papers so just address all of his marks. Also, tip: he loves Hemingway. (I dont love Hemingway but it was interesting to analyze).,5.0,3.0
Great lecturer, good books, essays are not too difficult, final is very difficult, make sure you read the material, it's easy to get behind.,4.0,3.0
Like him or hate him, you'll want to take this class. If only just to read You Must Remember This by JCO. Every class is a show. He will make you jump in your seat and laugh at the students next to you. He is old-school to say the least. But Balbert brings an energy to American Lit that makes us feel like we are part of something bigger.,4.0,3.0
This is my first time having a class with Dr. Balbert, and I immediately knew that I wanted to take more classes with him. He brings the works we read to life, and for someone who easily gets bored or distracted, he did a great job of keeping my attention. His life story is really amazing, too-- I wanna be like him when I grow up.,5.0,4.0
Very caring. He was a fairly tough grader, but not too bad. VERY passionate.,4.0,5.0
cares a lot about his students and is genuinely interested in how you're doing. Wish I had an excuse to take him again. However, I never got more than a B+ on his papers and it was never really clear why. I think he expected too much out of freshman so definitely go to his office hours before each paper to talk, it'll make a world of a difference,5.0,4.0
This professor has a few good and bad traits about him. As for the good, he is interesting to listen to and is somewhat passionate about his work. However, he practically worships Hemmingway to an unreasonable degree and seems to think that the world is still in the 1950s, as he refuses to revise drafts and fails students with 4 run on sentences.,2.0,4.0
Dr. Balbert is one of the most interesting lecturers I've had at Trinity. He is gruff and combative, but dorky and passionate. He requires a lot of reading, but he's not going to force you to talk in class. You'll want to read the books because he makes excellent selections. However, his timetable for reading is a bit exaggerated.,5.0,3.0
I took Dr. Balbert years ago for an introductory writing course and American Literature. My then-girlfriend and I had the intro class together. One time, she held my hand beneath the table and Balbert shouted my last name "X, READ THE NEXT PARAGRAPH" with a look that told me "Hey kid, feeling awkward yet?" He's a total boss. Take his class.,5.0,4.0
Awesome professor. Gives great lectures and is a caring and warm man. After this class, your entire outlook on great literature will change.,5.0,5.0
Dr. Balbert is a highly respected professor with an amazing talent for lecturing; his lectures are interesting and extremely informative. This course specifically is mostly lecture, but contains some discussion each class. This course challenges your ability to think and write critically. He is a hard professor, but you will become a better writer.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Balbert was my advisor and my professor for American Literature. I can honestly say that he is one of the most warm-hearted and intelligent people I have ever met. His lectures are captivating and he brings the reading to life. He is a tough grader but he gives his best so it's only fair that he expects the same back. He is also very funny.,5.0,4.0
Excellent teacher, but tough grader.,4.0,4.0
Dr. Balbert is the best professor I've ever had. His American Literature course was the highlight of my semester and I loved every minute of it. He is very helpful in office hours and his lectures are amazing. He is a tough grader on exams and papers, but he offers an enormous amount of constructive criticism both when grading and in office hours.,4.5,4.0
The absolute best english teacher I have ever had. Take him NOW.,4.5,4.0
Great guy. Knows his stuff. He's a hard grader, but he honestly wants to see you improve. As long as you take his comments to heart, you will definitely learn a lot and improve your writing at the same time. This is not one of those "easy A" classes where you learn next to nothing, but why would you want that at a school you pay to attend?,4.0,3.0
By far the best teacher ive had so far. He is very passionate and knows his stuff. TAKE HIM!!!!,5.0,3.0
The best teacher I've ever had. Almost every single day in his American Lit course was a blast. His Hemingway unit is a model of perfect pedagogy--engaging, enjoyable, and enlightening. He grades tough, but by NO means is he trying to fail you. Intense and committed in class, but extremely laid back in his office hours. Take him. Now.,5.0,2.0
Balbert's WW class is effective in teaching you how to write concisely, effectively, and well. He's so smart and clearly wants to help you improve your writing. Avoid jargon, use your voice, and show vs. tell in essays. Current events quiz tests your knowledge of RECENT current events/people. Awesome, funny, approachable, and engaging professor.,4.5,4.0
American Literature was my favorite course this semester. If nothing else, the books that we read were phenomenal. Reading never felt like a chore. Also, it is very clear that Balbert cares about his subject. He has high standards for his students. It's true that he's a tough grader, but I'm still glad that I took his class.,5.0,5.0
Balbert is inspiring. He is a tough grader, and name drops A LOT, but I can deal with that because my writing improved greatly in his course. He wants to get to know his students and makes a point to do so. His wit and passion made his class extremely exciting to attend.,4.5,4.0
He is very enthusiastic. He made me appreciate the novel I did not like. I really enjoyed his lectures. At first, I was annoyed by the anecdotes. But just let yourself be entertained and you will laugh everyday. Also, he is insanely helpful in office hours.,4.5,3.0
I had Professor Balbert at Wells College 25 years ago and he was the reason I became an English major. After all these years, meaningful things he said still come to my mind...,5.0,4.0
Balbert is one of the best professors at Trinity, hands down. He might be a name dropper and has strange opinions, but he knows what he's talking about, and you learn a great deal from his classes. Don't let him scare you - he really works well with those who are wanting to improve. It's a challenge, but doable.,4.0,5.0
I'd heard horror stories about Balbert's name dropping and ability to get side-tracked. However, for the first 3/4 of the class, I thoroughly enjoyed myself. It was the first class I took serious notes in without doodling in the margins. He keeps your attention for a good reason. The grading is crazy sometimes, but the class makes you think.,3.5,4.0
don't be afraid to take balbert. he's not too difficult, and his lectures are absolutely mesmerizing. i love him and inspired me to be an english major,4.0,4.0
Balbert is amazing. If your interested in modern literature he is a must. Taking his survey of modern American literature right now with high hopes.,5.0,3.0
He's a great professor. He's passionate and wants to get students equally as excited about the subject. He's hard and he'll push you. In the end, it's worth it. Take him!!,4.0,5.0
Good stories, but grading seemed biased toward whether he agreed with your opinons.,2.5,5.0
AMAZING CLASS AND PROFESSOR! I loved going to this class everyday, he was extremely funny, stimulating, and interested in his students. He has a pure passion for English, and it inspired a passion in me. I would totally take him again, but ESPECIALLY for Writing Workshop-I learned a ton.,5.0,4.0
He knows alot about what he teaches, and makes it interesting to listen to...,4.5,3.0
He is an awesome prof. I took his writing workshop class as well as his literature class. He is a hard grader at first but he is really concerned with your improvement. He likes to help his students and enjoys teaching. If you're not an English major you might have a hard time, but you will still learn a lot.,5.0,4.0
A hard teacher. Makes you work hard in the class yet you learn a lot. Make you challenge yourself.,4.0,4.0
His current event quizes are really tough, but they don't effect your grade much. Essays are graded much rougher at the begining of the term so make a good impression. He's a very passionate speaker and likes to talk about himself all the time.,4.0,4.0
Everybody who says Balbert is an ass etc. are not interested in Literature and probably had no business taking this course. Here is the low down: great guy, great (probably embellished stories), real hard grader, but you were learn so much about literature and the authors. Very smart man.,4.5,4.0
Balbert. What a pedantic ass. All of the dumbasses love him. You probably will, too. He thinks he is Robin Williams from "Dead Poets Society" or some such crap, rambling about the 'moment' when it all changed for him, when he was opened up to the 'magic' of literature--and it was just some lame story from his youth about a professor validating him.,5.0,3.0
The person below is a moron, and absolutely dead wrong. Biographical information is a supplement which brings the material to life. Balbert's lectures are fascinating and open up many critical ways of approaching the texts. Very professional yet extremely easy to approach and amusing.,5.0,4.0
Balbert is English God! All hail his one and only opinion! You are either filthy mongrel which are wrong or you appease him! He doesn't even talk about literature-- just about biographies. It takes the possibility for imagination out of all of these authors.,3.5,4.0
English majors beware b/c you'll be forced to take him. All other majors avoid him. Only his opinion on the literature counts, and his lectures remind me of when eternal damnation was preached. He practically shouts at you.,1.5,4.0
Still my favorite professor at Trinity- He is extremely passionate and energetic, making his lectures one of a kind. While he might "name drop," its usually pretty funny and does not bias him in grading. Don't know if he gives above an A- thou,5.0,3.0
Hard class, I dont recommend unless you are an english major, but i enjoyed the readings.,3.5,4.0
Not one of my favorite English profs by far. He likes to drop names, and since he has personally met almost everyone you read, his opinion is the only valid one when it comes to papers and tests. I can't say that I learned anything, just heard stories.,2.5,3.0
Intense, but brilliant. Passionate about his subject matter, and he definitely knows what he's talking about. Tough grader, but fair. I definitely recommend him, but be prepared for a lot of work.,4.5,4.0
Wonderful teacher, worth the work load. Likes to drop names and is very amusing....,5.0,5.0
An amazing class, Balbert makes your readings come to life. Heavy work load, but worth it.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Balbert is an excellent teacher. I learned an incredible amount in his class. He is knowledgeable, funny, clear in his teaching, and obviously loves the subject. He gets an A!,4.0,4.0
An amazing class, tough but fair. You'll learn *so* much. I highly recommend it to *any* english majors, though not as much for CC just because it can be a lot of work.,4.5,4.0
Obviously extremely passionate about the subject; very helpful and understanding; makes class enjoyable.,5.0,4.0
A life changing experience!,5.0,4.0
Hard but good. Lectures are entertaining and material is fun.,4.5,4.0
One of the best Trinity has to offer, the best lecturer at TU next to Sherry,4.5,3.0
Awesome readings and lectures! Could seek out opposing opinions more...,4.5,4.0
Funny, very hard on your writing, learned a lot,4.5,4.0
He's grrreat!,4.0,4.0
A great prof...you'll learn a lot,4.0,4.0
Dr. Childers is a good professor, but you will have to read a LOT of research articles for this class. The tests are also super detailed and are mostly about the articles. She's super nice though.,4.0,4.0
I really enjoyed Language Development with Childers. Lectures and class discussions are fun and engaging. Most assignments are easy, but you need to read/memorize the textbook and understand the articles to do well on exams.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Childers is an okay professor- not the best, not the worst. Her classes are interesting but they aren't very engaging. She can be all over the place at times and monotone. The tests are HARD. If you don't read the articles and take good notes on the lecture, you won't pass. Study a lot and make sure you know the articles back and forth.,3.0,4.0
Language Development with Dr. Childers was an awesome class. Shes passionate about her subject and her lectures, so listening to her talk is a breeze. Theres a lot to read, but as long as you can participate some, youll be fine. Shes also a great listener and does respond to feedback about her class.,5.0,4.0
Talks to you like a child because she works with kids. The exams are easy if you know what the studies were about but the multiple choice were oddly specific. She grades papers kind of hard.,4.0,3.0
She was a great professor and I had a great time in her class.,5.0,4.0
Favorite Psych professor, you can do well if you attend every class and are attentive during lecture.,4.0,4.0
Took both development class with her and really loved her. Great professor who really knows her stuff. Tests are mainly on lecture but articles are extremely important as well. Not difficult to do well if you put in effort, she's really not out to get you.,3.5,3.0
Dr. Childers really wants people to do well. If you take good notes in class and know a summary of each article she gives you, you will do well on the tests. She is a generous grader on exams and curves once in a while. I recommend taking her classes.,3.5,3.0
She really grew on me. the first time i had her i thought she was okay, but the second time i found her very informative. when she is talking about subject matter she really knows she is very clear, organized, and even funny. Its easy to follow along and the readings are usually good. the tests seem daunting but she is a pretty generous grader.,5.0,2.0
I really liked Dr. Childers. She does talk to you like you are a child but what can you expect from someone who works with children a lot of the time? Her tests are essay tests that come mostly from information you learn in articles. It was sometimes intimidating to have discussions but I liked the class.,4.0,2.0
Childers is alright. I'm being generous even then. Her lectures are tangental, most of class is student-directed, and she is EXTREMELY ambiguous as to what she wants on tests/assignment. Then during the test she wants the most miniscule details of everything covered in class despite "only having to cover main ideas." Ambiguity thy name is Childers.,2.0,4.0
The lectures are a joke. Everything is based on the experiment readings that you do outside of class (or you're supposed to do). She is so nice and means well, but she talks to you like you're 3. All tests are essay and can be intense, if you don't read.,2.5,3.0
She is often available if you need her. The thing that helped the most to ace the class is her class lecture notes, more so than anything else.,4.5,1.0
She should be a kindergarden teacher...horrible at giving lectures.,2.0,3.0
a nice person, but talks to everyone like they're toddlers. lots of long, boring articles to read, but the tests and papers are actually pretty easy to BS. very accomodating and understanding prof.,4.0,3.0
You have to take good notes...the things she says aren't always consistent with the book and her multiple choice questions are sometimes unclear.,2.0,3.0
She's very sweet... the class isn't terribly interesting but it's not a bad one to take.,4.0,3.0
very good teacher although she talks to you like you are 2 years old,3.0,2.0
She's such a nice person once you get to know her. She really likes helping the students. 3 tests, 3 papers, most of which you can just BS. Good professor to take classes with if you're a psych major,4.0,2.0
Learning basics at the begining of the term is really really boring, but once the class starts up, it gets intruiging. Childers loves giving individual help. Attendance counts. She smiles constantly...in a creepy way, but she's really understanding and accomodating.,3.0,3.0
Attendence required to achieve optimal grades. The psychological studies are always on tests, nonexistent quizzes, and a total of two papers. F'in easy.,3.5,2.0
She's an extremely nice person, I found her helpful and her class was interesting most of the time, but I heard from other people that she can be a little flakey every now and then. A good professor to go with.,5.0,2.0
Not tooooo difficult, you just can't fall behind. Pay close attention to the readings and the class lectures (boring as they can be). Simply put: If you do these two things you should do fine in the class. If you don't then you will do very badly. Childers is also a very understanding teacher. Do extra credit and don't be afraid to talk to her.,3.0,3.0
nice and friendly; requires lots of reading and learning articles before exams; boring when you don't read the articles, but interesting if you do,3.5,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
teaches class like you're a kindergarden student. really really nice though and interesting subject if you like psych.,3.5,3.0
Her research is in children. They are the only audience she is comfortable with.,1.0,3.0
She tends to seem shy which is unusual to see in a professor. However, Dr. Childers is a very nice person and will try to help you if needed. Easier grader than most Psych professors. Not a bad professor to go with.,4.0,2.0
Pretends to be your friend for a while and then screws you on your final grade. Doesn't answer emails about grade questions.,3.5,3.0
She will talk to you like you're five. Get used to it. Class isnt very exciting, but not difficult if you pay attention.,3.0,4.0
First Grade Teacher!,3.5,2.0
interesting and not hard. dont skip classes, pay attention and take notes in class, the exams (X3) r not hard. easy to catch up with class w/o reading. But be sure to study for the exams (at least the day before). You can earn extra credits for participating in cool experiments. I LIKE HER CLASS!,4.0,2.0
Very nice but sometimes her lectures can be kind of dull. Otherwise the class is pretty straightforward and as long as u keep up with the reading its not bad,4.0,3.0
Good if you're just getting the course out of the way, but if you're really interested in it, get another teacher. Childers doesn't seem to know anything past the curriculum, and responds to most questions, "that's a great question!",3.5,2.0
She's really nice and enthusiastic about the material. Sometimes she talks like a kindergarten teacher (for good reason - she studies them), but manages to cover a wide spectrum of info.,4.5,2.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
The Tests are the stupidest things you will ever get. They ask the most trivial things about the studies you read about. So even if you know everything that is important about it, youll miss the question cause she asks pointless questions.,3.0,4.0
It's creepy. She's a child psychologist, she looks like she's 8 years old, and she talks to everyone like they're four.,2.0,4.0
She is sweet, and the class is well structured. Get to watch fun movies and the material is interesting. Too many articles to read. I agree that it's easy to get a B, impossible to get an A.,3.0,4.0
She is a really sweet lady and helpful. If you ask for the help, you'll get it.,4.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
HATE HER. She is just unprepared & boring.,1.0,4.0
This woman just rubbed me wrong. Every day I sat in class gritting my teeth until I just stopped going-- fairly easy, but unclear, poorly structured And ANNOYING.,2.0,3.0
This woman is a complete psycho . . . Whenever you ask her a question, she replies, "Gee, that's a good question." The woman has a doctorate in psychology and seems to know absolutely nothing about the subject. Stay away from her!!,1.5,3.0
Easy to get a B, really hard to get an A on anything.,5.0,2.0
Boring, completely scripted lectures, uninformed if ask questions,2.0,3.0
I adore this man. He can come off as condescending, but he isn't, it's just his awkward professor persona. He is one of the most intelligent, caring, and unique people I've ever met. You may not get to see this side of him because it's difficult to see in a student-professor-only capacity. If you try, read, & reach out to him, you'll be good.,5.0,4.0
Really nice guy, somewhat intimidating but really cares about his students. His FYE Social Justice is a lot of reading and writing but it is really interesting material and he gives a lot of good feedback on your writing,4.0,4.0
Dr. Spener is a great professor. This class involved a lot of difficult but interesting readings. He always explained the content clearly through our class discussions and lectures. I learned a lot in this class!,5.0,4.0
PARTICIPATE!! This discussion based sociology course was incredibly interesting but participation and discussion is extremely crucial. It is a reading heavy course with daily journal entries, but overall Dr Spener is a really laid back and fun professor. I enjoyed engaging in difficult conversations with him and would certainly take again.,4.0,3.0
I had Dr. Spener for Social Justice and he was an alright professor. The material was very interesting, but instead of judging papers or additions to the discussion based on how well you could support your view, he was looking mainly for you to agree with his thoughts. If you parrot his analyses back to him in your papers, you will do fine.,3.0,2.0
I took him for Globalization and Social Change. Even though I had never taken a sociology class previously, he was super encouraging and cared a lot about the students and their success. Was very passionate about the lecture material and discussions which were super interesting. Easy to fall behind though, so stay on top of reading.,5.0,4.0
Tough but fair. The class is entirely essay/short answer & he's picky about word choice but he also gives very specific feedback so it's easy to learn dos and don'ts. A lot of reading but you can mostly figure out content from the lecture tbh. Only 2 exams, short weekly assignments, & 1 paper. He offers a lot of extra credit & review sessions.,4.0,4.0
Dr. Spener is an extremely tough grader, he has unrealistic expectations about his students; which could become real ones if he would provide clear grading criteria, but no one knows what he is looking for and suddenly you get points deducted for extremely minor things, which is very unfair. He knows what he teaches but he is very disorganized.,2.0,5.0
He is extremely smart and knows the material well.,2.0,4.0
This professor was one of the most condescending people I have ever met. After asking me what I wanted to do after graduation, I said, "I would like to get my PhD, do research, then teach." He responded by telling me that wasn't realistic because I'll probably want to get married and have children (I'm female). Funny, didn't seem to stop you.,2.5,5.0
Dr. Spener is a really cool guy, I don't think he's as staunchly political as a lot of people feel he is. He REALLY knows his stuff, which intimidates people. He's a super nice guy and cares about the students, but he assigns tons of readings. It was hard to keep up. There were 3 take home assignments and a giant research project. Topic was great.,4.5,5.0
Really boring lectures with information that seems obvious. Participation is a must, but speaking up often leaves you feeling like you just asked the dumbest question in the world. Way too much reading, sometimes over 80 pages per class meeting. I never want to see Race Power of Illusion ever again...,3.0,5.0
Unfortunately, this particular prof thinks talking about taking his shirt off at the commune and selling sprouts out of a radio flyer wagon is enough to negate his horribly repetitive slide shows from the 1980s. If i see RACE the power of an illusion one more time i will hang myself!,3.5,5.0
This man is my nemesis. I do not like the way he teaches, grades, or talks. He basically drives me crazy. Every day i had his class i wanted to kill myself. He makes you feel stupid if you say something he disagrees with, which doesn't make you want to talk, and then he gives you an F for participation....sweet, huh?,4.0,4.0
ugh,1.5,3.0
Very intelligent & has interesting life experiences. Staunch in his political views & lets politics muddle teaching (this is coming from a liberal!) Negative attitude & unlike most TU profs, does not think highly of students. He refused to write a recommendation for a friend of mine- she was a Socio major and had gotten A's in 3 of his classes!,2.0,4.0
very nice and easy-going guy. class is kind of boring, except when people start talking and good discussion happens,4.0,2.0
i love dr. spener. he is such a nice man and is truly passionate about what he teaches. he's not too hard either. take spener's classes!!!,4.0,2.0
If you want a pretty easy class, take this one. There is a bit of reading, but not totally necessary! He does emphasize his own beliefs, but if you can prove your own point well, he is likely to accept it. No midterm or final and hardly any homework = YAY!,3.5,2.0
He grades your politics, not your research. Told me that my writing was good but too conservative. Nice guy, interesting topics, but not always as open minded as he likes to think. Be ready to argue for anything that doesn't involve regurgitating his opinions.,3.0,3.0
My favorite prof. I learned a ton from him and he really encouraged me and believed in me which I really needed at the time. I didn't find his classes hard particularly but they can be as challenging as you want depending on how much you want to think and delve into the issues.,5.0,3.0
The material is really interesting and it was pretty cool when we got to have a phone conversation with the author of a book. He's not too hard, just keep up with the reading.,4.0,3.0
One of my very fav profs at Trinity - you learn a ton.,5.0,4.0
I had Spener for the first class I ever attended at Trinity, and that's a good thing. He made Intro to Sociology one of the most interesting classes I've attended. I actually wanted to participate in class. Social Problems was great too. He is a fan of the eReserves unfortunately,but it's worth it.,4.0,4.0
I didn't enjoy his class very much because it was really pretty dull - he makes you waste a ton of inl printing out useless readings off blackboard - isn't the greatest speaker either - just a little too boring for 8:30 in the morning-,3.0,3.0
spener is kooky, but aren't all soc profs? his class is interesting and he's got a great spin on things.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
Smart is smart. There is a lot of reading so be prepared to pick it apart for the info he will put on the tests. Tests are super long but I felt like the geography tests were a breeze. Study and ask questions: you'll do great!,4.0,4.0
There are no essays in his classes. Instead, he has geography quizzes, history tests, and a research paper. The tests are curved and include material that you must read in your textbook (but are us. on the study guide). He tells you exactly what will be on the geography quizzes. His lectures are interesting, and he relates topics to modern times.,5.0,2.0
ONE OF THE BEST PROFS AT TRINITY.. very helpful, knowns the stuff and gives amazing lectures. take him, I took this class for fun and I loved it,5.0,2.0
Class moves along pretty quickly, always willing to answer questions over the tons of reading. Just know all of the readings and you will do fine on the tests. Curves the historical tests- not good if you have people who get high grades though,4.0,3.0
Smart is a pretty good bloke, but I warn you that if you take early modern europe, he will talk about connections to radical islam all the time!,3.5,3.0
I loved Dr. Smart, he knows EVERYTHING about European history and can be pretty funny at times. Lectures are interesting- he tells them like a story and makes connections between material and current events to make it seem more relevant. Tests weren't too difficult if you studied. Really enjoyed the class and would recommend it to anyone.,4.5,3.0
Smart's a fairly likeable character, but though his lectures are interesting, you can't take the best of notes from the way he gives you all the info. Know geography, he implements it in each class and there are tests over it. Read all the readings or you're basically screwed on the midterm and final. Covers lots of info, make sure you know it.,4.5,3.0
big on memorization of random facts. Difficult grader whose "lectures" don't seem to help at all. I will admit that he has a nice personality, but he's ceratinly not one of my favorite teachers.,3.5,4.0
Dr. Smart is extremely intelligent. He knows his stuff and i would love to pickle his brain to keep around for historical data.....too bad though it posseses a rotton conservative core. His favorite "No good deed goes unpunished",4.0,3.0
Tests are extremely long and hard. You have to study EVERY little detail from all the readings he gives you. He is really nice though and helpful if you go for office hours. I wouldn't recommend this class if you aren't good with history details. I thought it was really hard and I got all A's in high school history.,4.0,4.0
My favorite professor I have ever had. Takes borring hisroty and brings it to life with his entertaining lectures. Very very nice guy, very approachable. If you have a chance to have him as a professor, take it.,5.0,2.0
great personality, makes class interesting, easy tests.,4.0,1.0
This is my favorite professor ever- i had him for a freshman class and have loved him ever since! He knows all about history, but isn't pretentious about it.,5.0,3.0
I LOVE Smart! It's too bad I'm finished with my history requirements or I would take him again in a heartbeat. I highly recommend. The class is easy if you study.,5.0,3.0
Not too hard if you study.,5.0,3.0
Nice guy, but grades very hard.,4.0,5.0
Professor Graves is one of, if not the best professors I've had at Charlotte so far. He's a very kind hearted and genuine person who wants everyone to succeed. Class is not mandatory, but if you want to do good in the class you should show up. Every class is lecture style so be prepared to write notes (its very easy). This is a stress free class!,5.0,3.0
Personally, I am in love with Dr. Graves (my homie Bill), he is honestly one of the best professors I have had so far in college. He really does want the best for every single one of us, he wants everyone to succeed and to be able to know the content well. He makes things very simplistic for everyone. He makes his lectures very easygoing as well.,5.0,2.0
Such an easy class and overall chill guy. There was a textbook, but all info you need is covered in the lectures. Never bought it and have a high A in the class. Attendance isn't mandatory and the lectures are posted online after class, but Professor Graves makes them very interesting! Highly recommend this class.,5.0,1.0
Chill guy, great class, very interesting topics,5.0,1.0
Super chill, I hardly payed attention in class and still got a C, pretty understanding too. Kind of boring though, I found it hard to pay attention in class so I just always ended up doing work for other classes.,4.0,2.0
Dr. Graves is super kind, caring, and genuine. He's easy going, not a tough grader or assignment heavy. He usually records his lectures for accessibility outside of class. He is more focused on you understanding geography concepts and will literally tell you what is or isn't a test question during the lecture. My favorite professor ever.,5.0,1.0
10/10 would recommend.,5.0,2.0
Along with the lectures for class, activities were included that were useful and important for learning content. The fact that attendance was not mandatory was convenient, although I still went to every class because the lectures were pretty interesting.,5.0,2.0
Funny guy, class was easy enough. After like 4 weeks I realized all the quiz answers were A. I would love to have him again.,5.0,1.0
Amazing professor. As long as you pay attention to upcoming assignments you will pass. You will only have two major exams but all taken at home. Hes funny and overall great teacher.,5.0,1.0
Need a super easy A? well you here it is. easy class, amazing prof. CAN use notes on test/final,5.0,1.0
He was super funny and didn't take himself super seriously; Respects his students and doesn't talk down. The material was really interesting and I never thought I'd like a Geography class. You need to watch the lectures/go to class to pass the tests. I didn't use/need the textbook. Take good notes!,5.0,2.0
Dr. Graves is really chill. The class was asynchronous and quizzes were easy and short. I got the textbook and I wish I didn't because he teaches everything you need to know in the lectures. Super easy-going. Take his class!,5.0,1.0
Bill Graves is a wonderful professor - possibly the best I've ever had. Hilarious, informative, and lectures terms in a way you can remember, his lessons will 100% carry on to you after you finish his class. But, be sure to take notes during lectures, as he doesn't place them anywhere online. Attend class, take notes, and you'll love the class.,5.0,4.0
Hilarious professor, the class is mostly lectures but he makes them interesting. As long as you show up and study notes before the exams you'll do great.,5.0,2.0
Professor Graves is a really chill, down-to-earth man. Personally, I thought the material was interesting. Ngl tho, his lectures are long. Attendance isnt mandatory but you should definitely go since he does do some pollev questions and he does not post his lectures online. The hw assignments were just readings. Overall, I thought it was an easy A,5.0,4.0
Good professor and all around cool guy. Not overly strict with rules, grades tests (which aren't terribly difficult and are all multiple choice) on a curve, intermittent in-class quizzes through a polling app, and a relatively easy final project all make his class a home run. He wants you to get an A.,5.0,3.0
Bill was a great professor for GEOG 1101. I highly recommend you take him for this class. He makes lectures very interesting and has a great sense of humor. He is also very passionate for what he is teaching.,5.0,2.0
While attendance is not mandatory, he does not post the key information from the powerpoints. The lectures are very interesting. Write down all of the main ideas and some examples. Read the articles he posts; this is the only hw. Try to connect these to the classes, it will make the tests easier.,5.0,3.0
He is really into the subject but overall it is a pretty boring class. A lot of notes and tests are pretty tough but he lets you use a notecard on it. Good teacher but tough.,4.0,4.0
As said previously, Graves is a professor you wouldn't mind chilling with on the weekends. He is a fantastic teacher and has a great sense of humor. He's super chill and makes the material (which is bound to be boring no matter who teaches it) clear and understandable. Tests are quite difficult, but I would not choose anyone else for a professor,4.5,4.0
Graves is a Professor that you wouldn't mind chilling with over the weekend. He answers every question that you have about his class or his lectures. He is usually in his office so there is no problem finding him. Tests can be challenging, but if you read the notes and articles, you should get an A. C test average A in class from the curve given.,5.0,1.0
Horrible teacher his test relate nothing to his lectures he will not tell you your final grade he says there is a rule preventing him from doing so, his test are painfully hard and his grading scale is even harder to understand if you can find another teacher that teaches the same classes take the other teacher instead do not take Graves,1.0,5.0
Was my professor this semester. He made geography pretty enjoyable. Tests are difficult but he does a huge curve at the end of the semester! Attendance is not necessarily mandatory but he uses clicker questions almost every lecture that go into a participation grade. Look over the notes and read the articles and you should do fine!,3.5,4.0
My best professor this semester. Cool dude, makes geography interesting. He thoroughly knows what he's talking about, and very approachable. Throws a lot of info at you, but makes it understandable. Test are tough, not impossible. Study your notes, READ THE ARTICLES, and you'll do fine. Also does clicker questions.,3.5,4.0
This guy is great. He makes this lectures super duper interesting. I can see how some people might think the actual content is boring but professor Graves has great examples and stories that keep everyone's attention. Virtually no homework and tests that are easy if you just listen to his lectures in class and take some notes.,4.5,2.0
Super chill guy, really knows his stuff, and is a very good lecturer. This class was a definate surprise. Tests(3) are a bit hard,especially towards the end, but they are curved. Hihly recommended class and teacher.,5.0,3.0
This class is easy if you pay attention, attend class, and read the articles he gives you. His test are difficult because he chooses obscure questions, but he know that and gives awesome curves.,5.0,2.0
Lesson 1: Geography is NOT maps! Very nice guy but his class is much harder than it needs to be. Tests are very difficult but he does a good job in keeping the grades far. Moves class average up to a 75 at the end of the semester and uses clickers for extra points. If you're not willing to study and read articles he posts, this class isn't for you.,3.0,4.0
This class is pretty enjoyable. Bill is a laid-back guy and is funny. His 3 exams are hard, and a good bit of studying is required. He curves his tests at the end of the year, and now you can purchase a clicker and answer extra credit questions during class. Recommend taking him,4.5,2.0
He is a very cool guy. The tests are very hard. There are no other assignments. He curves the tests at the end of the semester.,4.5,5.0
I was expecting this class to be more of a physical geography class, but it turned out to be more like economics. He is a really nice guy and helps flesh out the topics in a way that you can apply to situations. Some of the lectures a little boring. Tests are tough but he curves at end of semester. Not a bad teacher to take.,4.0,3.0
Thoroughly enjoyed the class. The class is not a cake walk, but he keeps everything interesting, is always available to help, and is an all around great guy. Why can't they all be this way?,5.0,4.0
Three words: best professor ever!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
Very easy going and easy to get along with you'll like him,5.0,1.0
Great professor, very laid back, awesome examples and relates well to students. Tests are hard, but they come from the notes and book. Take him as many times as you can - he is awesome!,5.0,1.0
Twinkies Bar-B-Que Sandwich Mc Donalds Sweet Tea. Rock on Graves. Great Professor.,5.0,1.0
Very good professor, he is helpful and has a sense of humor. His class is hard only if you dont come to class and dont study. I would take him again.,5.0,1.0
Go To Class...it'll pay off and he's not too bad...very laid back,sense of humor, examples are funny, but they help you remember...tests are hard but take notes and study them and you'll do fine...overall, one of the best professors...very cool guy/class,4.5,3.0
Bill is the man and really relaxed, but at the same time gets the job done. If you are looking for a funner teacher and not an immense challenge, he will fit the "bill",5.0,3.0
Had him for City and It's Regions as well. Very knowledgeable and great at giving examples and explaining concepts. Test are difficult if you don't study and do not go to class. He puts up a skeleton outline on the internet which helps in taking notes.,4.5,3.0
His tests are very hard but he's a cool guy!,4.0,2.0
History of NC - Great class, Graves knows his stuff and if you ask something he doesn't know, doesn't hesitate to admit it and find out the answer for you (unlike MOST PhD's). Lectures have lots of information - but 99% of its worthwhile.,5.0,3.0
Chill dude,4.0,2.0
Easy A if you go to class,4.5,2.0
Does great work, very laid back, highly recommended,4.0,2.0
cool guy, neat teaching style. he comes down to students level.,5.0,4.0
Sometimes confusing but very interesting class,4.5,2.0
Great class if you go, impossible if you don't go,5.0,2.0
Cool teacher, fun sometimes, hard tests, assignments easy..,4.0,3.0
HE is soo chill and laid back! knows his stuff,2.5,3.0
Cool guy...until test time. Picky harsh unreasonable grader. Boring class.,2.0,4.0
Very laid back. Interesting homework assignments. Class can be kinda boring.,4.0,2.0
Worst English Teacher ever!!! If you are not an English person, do not take this class. The professor takes it way too seriously for a core class. You will never get above a 92 on an essay and they make up 85% of your grade. Also he assigns more homework than the typical science class. Expect a minimum of 2 hours of homework for every class.,1.0,5.0
He's tough, but he will push you to be better. He will always be available to help with writing suggestions, in and out of class. Easily one of my favorite professors at Seton Hall, he was able to have fun with students while still teaching everything you needed to know.,5.0,3.0
Professor Jones was amazing. Quirky and hysterical. He assigned 3 essays, and broke down each of them to the point of having them almost written in class. His out of class conferences are mandatory, but they are insanely helpful. He truly cares about his students and their writing. There can't be a better freshman English professor than Jones.,5.0,3.0
Professor Jones was awesome. He is very clear about what you can do to succeed in his class. You don't NEED the book he assigns & he always attaches an article version online. We had to write mini essays about texts we read. Essays are clear but require a lot of work. His writing conferences are SO helpful- he breaks down the essay and gives advice,5.0,3.0
When choosing my classes for the spring semester, I took into account reviews from this website. I read reviews of both praise and admonishment. But, after the first few classes with him I recognized that he has true passion and truly cares for his students. yes there is a lot of work but, he helps alot with conferences before an essay is due.,4.0,4.0
Professor Jones is a great teacher, but confusing in what he says sometimes. Sometimes, it's not clear what he wants, but he is very helpful in conferences and helps you with your essays. You use the textbooks A LOT and he tries to get you to think on a deeper level.,4.0,4.0
Prof Jones is a really nice person. He has a great personality, but that is not always enough. You can tell he is an intelligent person, but his assignments are not clear at all. You really need to work for your grade. Incorporate as much personal experience as you can into your papers; he really likes that. His assignments are unrealistic.,2.5,4.0
Prof. Jones is a cool dude. He is the head of the English department and not going to lie... is a tough grader. Even though he gives a substantial amount of work, he puts in a lot of work toward the class and helps the students individually which is really cool. I wouldn't say he is awful and you should def look into him!,4.5,4.0
Little bit of a tough grader, but he's a great guy and I would definitely go get a beer with him.,4.0,2.0
Definitely try to avoid this guy if you can. He's a nice guy to talk to and he truly cares about the class but I feel that he just approaches everything in the wrong way. He will have stupid discussions on the books we read and everyone will stay silent. Snow day? Too bad, he has an online class and marks you absent if you don't "attend".,2.0,4.0
Well this was my least favorite class out of the semester. He gives a lot of unnecessary and unrealistic work pertaining to the material. You will probably not receive higher than a C in a paper unless you are AMAZING at writing. And most of the time he left many students confused about hw assignments. Nice guy, but Please avoid this professor.,1.5,4.0
At first, he was a decent professor- somewhat over-analytical and sarcastic. When it comes down to essays, my God have mercy on your soul. Prevent if you can! I doubted this site under the influence of my mentor, but I should have listened.,2.5,5.0
worst professor ever ! very sarcastic, does not help you when you are struggling, criticizes students, thinks he is better than everyone, runs through assignments, all he cares about is if there is enough time, the list goes on.... AVOID if you can.,1.0,5.0
Good intentions but is entirely unrealistic with expectations. Gives a heavy workload that no other professors for the course do. Made my life miserable, avoid him if you can. No one gets an A,1.5,5.0
Annoying work, nice guy though,2.5,3.0
if you wanna hate your life, take this class.,2.0,5.0
Jones was the best! He is so nice and will take a personal interest in you if he sees youre struggling. Reading the stories are mandatory and will love if you come up with different perspectives on stories. He helped me VASTLY with all of my papers because he assigns a lot of rough drafts, but overall you become a better writer cause of it,5.0,2.0
Professor Jones is a very strict grader and gives tons of work throughout the semester. He wants you to become like a profession writer or something. All his work is due at 9am in the morning in blackboard. The only good thing is that it made me a better writer but the class was sometimes boring and challenging.,2.5,4.0
Take Him...Best teacher,5.0,4.0
If you want to take a class where an earned 94% is an A- and not an A, take this class. It seems Professor Jones is above normal grading, plays favorites, and is a total drag. His class put everyone in it to sleep, he graded way to hard, and all he will do is bring down your GPA. DO NOT TAKE HIM!!,2.5,5.0
I hate this guy. I'm sick and tired of all the work he gives us in the form of annoying long essays that go on forever. POLITICS POLITICS POLITICS thats all his english class is about all the time it's so freakin annoying HE'S SO ANNOYING DONT TAKE THIS GUY YOUR GPA WILL DROP AND SO WILL YOUR HAPPINESS. FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET OUT B4 ITS TOO LATE,1.0,5.0
Get ready to write your fingers to the bones and have your brain ground to dust. Ejones won't shut up about politics and he's pretty liberal so if your not into either of those and unless you love writing essays forever TRANSFER NOW!,2.5,5.0
At times the class was challenging, but you learn a lot. He gives a tremendous amount of feedback on your essays and if you follow his directions, you'll be fine. Just put your best in everything you submit because the more you put into it the more he'll give back to you and he will definitely help you improve your writing a lot.,5.0,4.0
do not take this guy! There is a rediculous amount of work. He will NEVER let you out early. He's a tough grader. Take someone else...,4.5,2.0
The worst.,1.0,5.0
"Evil takes human form in Edmund Jones" nuff said. He is a nice man,but prof wise, SAVE YOURSELF! he clearly has favorites and once he picks em, then you're screwed b/c he will kill you if you're not them. DUMMEST DEADLINE of 8am for everything. class was interesting at times, but the amount and the way he did it, just canceled out any good factor.,2.0,2.0
There is alot of writing, but hey its an ENGLISH class..he explains the assignments and is very helpful when it comes to helping you revise your rough draft. if you participate in class dicussions, you will do well. OH yeah make sure u do the homework, you are only hurting yourself if you don't.,4.5,3.0
uuuuugh. this man seriously thought he was the only teacher or something. he gave a****load of homework to do w.a stupid 8am deadline. class was a waste of time, yet we had all these essays to write. he LOVES giving writing assignments. i know its english class, but still. he needs to chill.,2.0,4.0
WAT A LUNITIC, HE HAS ISSUES, HES A NUTCASE AND DOES THE SAME THING EVERY DAY, IT'S REALLY FUNN THAT HE DOESNT REALIZE EVER STUDENT IS ON AOL OR PLAYING GAMES OR WATCHIN DVDS OR MUSIC VIDEOS, SO BORING - DONT TAKE HIM WHATEVER YOU DO BECAUSE HE WILL NEVER BE PLEASED WITH UR WORK,1.0,5.0
Hi is just too hard,1.0,5.0
Good guy if you do your work and get "engaged" in all the class disscussions you will do fine,5.0,1.0
ok prof. gives good amount of work. very helpful in work. kind,4.5,3.0
I did not like this teacher at all. He is very boring. He gives so much work which is fine but he is a very hard grader. I took this class during the summer so maybe he would be different during a regular semester.,3.0,3.0
He is a cool professor...Very picky..Never satisfied but overall good professor plus pizza every wednesday,5.0,2.0
excellent professor. it's not a memorization class, you actually learn a lot and you can use the information in the future. out of all of my classes, that's the only one that i still remember information about. pizza or what ever you want to bring in.,4.5,2.0
good teacher, picky grader but we got to have pizza on weds. Helpful lets you do three drafts of paper.,4.5,2.0
He was very helpful. Plus we had pizza wed. Very nice,5.0,2.0
picky but very helpful - really listens to students,4.5,2.0
AST1002 is a wrong class CODE i put in. He is the kind of professor who is not only smart but also good at teaching students If you good at MATH then you can save a lot of time for yourself. There are 11 quizzes in total and He drop the lowest quiz. Review and understand the classes assignments, and GO TO his Office Hours it is really helpful!,5.0,4.0
Dr. Capstick is a wonderful professor. He is the kind of professor who is not only smart but also good at teaching students If you good at MATH then you can save a lot of time for yourself. There are 11 quizzes in total and He drop the lowest quiz. Review and understand the classes assignments, and GO TO his Office Hours it is really helpful!,5.0,4.0
Studio makes learning physics a social event. Totally impeded my ability to learn; didn't learn anything. You will spend 7 hours in class a week, but at least it's 5 credits. You do have to read the text book; it takes an hour or two a week. Other than that I didn't study and got an A thanks to a curve after an F-average final. Kind guy, bad class.,3.0,3.0
Dr. Capstick is amazing. He drops the lowest quiz grade, is always free during office hours, and provides great feedback. He is very kind, very funny, and shows a real passion for the course material. It is a very hard class and he sometimes over-estimates students' abilities on test/quizzes. But he does curve if needed.,5.0,4.0
Going to office hours is definitely a great idea for this class. You're assigned weekly reading and it is super important you read and understand the text before coming to class. It's never a long text, but getting that understanding helps a lot in the mini lectures he gives before groupwork. Quizzes are a little difficult, but not impossible.,5.0,3.0
He makes his quizzes VERY hard. However, if you study and put in the effort, then they should be easy. With DC circuits, I didn't understand them until the very end of the semester.,2.0,4.0
Dr. Capstick is a great teacher and handled the COVID situation very well. He was accessible and willing to answer any questions asked. Take this class with him if you have that option.,5.0,2.0
This was a studio class. Capstick truly cares about his students but if you need to get a hold of him do not bother emailing just go to office hours. This class is hard but he explains things very well. Studio is much better than lecture physics from my experience in both.,4.0,4.0
Physics 1 studio with Dr. Capstick was really easy. I HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND GOING TO HIS OFFICE HOURS. He is basically going to give you everything you need to know for the weekly quiz.,5.0,3.0
Great guy, but a bit disorganized. Lectures are sometimes posted weeks after the quiz about that topic has happened. Group projects are a nightmare, very chaotic. While the tests are fair, they are by no means easy.,2.0,3.0
Capstick is extremely enthusiastic, and really enjoys physics and his students, but sometimes he makes it unclear what is going to be on exams and quizzes, and he doesn't always upload the lecture notes in a timely fashion.,3.0,3.0
Dr. Capstick is a very good professor. He is very clear and understanding. He is also very understanding. He rewards those who puts in effort. I would highly suggest him.,4.0,4.0
Disorganized is an understatement. Great person outside of teaching, but bad teacher. Online textbook is awful. Would not recommend this class unless you have to take it.,1.0,4.0
Great guy, and super caring about his students. Truly, wants them to learn. However, this class is by the far the most unorganized class I have ever taken. There is a total disconnect between the profesor and the TA's. Furthermore there is no textbook, but an online wiki book from the University of Maryland. Readings often unrelated to class.,2.0,3.0
Hes an awesome teacher! My favorite one here at FSU! Hes easy to talk too, gives good feed back. Makes learning about physics, fun! Its a hard class but he makes bearable with all of the real demonstrations! labs are always fun as well.,5.0,3.0
I never felt valued in the class and he never really listened to my opinions. Very set in his ways. I'll be looking for a different professor in my other courses.,1.0,2.0
Very good person, very good instructer. Puts a lot of time into teaching and his students very good choice.,5.0,3.0
He's one of the better physics professors at FSU. He gives clear examples in class and actually takes time to explain concepts to students who are struggling. If I had to take another physics class, Capstick would definitely be my first choice.,5.0,4.0
I am seeing a lot of reviews here so I just felt I should share my positive experience. Group work was helpful and the class participation level encouraged real learning, and interaction with the prof. Not an easy A but a great way to learn the material well if Physics is a major component for you moving forward.,4.0,3.0
Capstick himself is very kind, and if you go to him in office hours, he is very helpful. But the studio class is the worst thing in the world. The homework is difficult and irrelevant to the quizzes and tests. What's going to be on the quiz every Friday is anyone's guess. Tests are very hard. No one (including TAs) have any clue what's going on.,3.5,5.0
Dr. Capstick is wonderful, his class not so much. From what I gathered, most people in the class had little clue what was actually going on. There's no textbook to provide practice. One of the TA's was consistently rude. Quizzes often had concepts we'd seen maybe once or not at all. HW was overcomplicated and unhelpful. The class was miserable.,2.5,4.0
Capstick is a nice guy, however this class is a disaster. The structure is made that you teach yourself everything in groups but he never tells you if you're right. No textbook. Lots of hw. Hw rarely coincided and was impossible unless you went to O.H. Barely any lectures, or sample questions given. Exams and quizzes are hard. 3 hour classes 2xweek,2.5,5.0
Capstick is a really nice dude and his lectures are entertaining. HOWEVER, I took the class as the studio version and no one in my class has any idea what is going on and the class exam average is a 60. Can't skip class. Do not fall behind. Get a tutor. and pray. Hardest class I've ever taken and I'm a bio major. (Also he doesn't assign a textbook),3.0,5.0
He is by far the best teacher I have had at FSU. He cares about his student and as long as you put in the effort and KEEP your notes, and read what he has instructed to read, you should do wonderful.,5.0,4.0
One of the best professors I have had. Dr. Capstick played a large role in encouraging me to pursue physics,5.0,4.0
I didn't personally care for the format of the class (studio), but Dr. Capstick is approachable and extremely intelligent. Quizzes will be difficult if you don't read the book because lectures last only ten minutes and class time is spent on activities or labs. You'll only get so much out of them. Only with a lot of hard work did I get an A.,4.5,4.0
So nice and so helpful. If you have a question he explains it from beginning to end walking you through it. One of the best professors I've ever had. Tough grader but a lot of assignments and group work that prepares you well for the quizzes. Really nice and is really there to help you. If you can take him 100% do. Studio is great and way easier.,5.0,3.0
I came into Physics 1 ready to hate it, but Capstick made me fall in love with it. I cannot say enough good about this professor. He makes every effort to help students fully grasp the material, and he never throws any curve balls. The class is very straightfoward, and if you work hard and try to understand, you will succeed.,4.5,4.0
If you want to do well in this class you have to get a 100 on every homework, lab, and group activity you can. The Tests seem easy early on then get really hard towards the middle and end of the semester and the teacher doesn't teach the material in class. You have to learn it on your own apparently or go to office hours, which I did not do.,2.0,5.0
As nice as he was and passionate about the subject, the class was way harder than it should have been. DO NOT take him for studio unless you are going into the course with prior knowledge about physics. He barely taught and just provided the class with worksheets expecting you to know how to solve the problems. I wish I took lecture and lab instead,3.0,5.0
This class was way harder than it should have been. Don't take him with the studio physics. You pretty much have to rely on other students teaching you while working in groups. Physics is hard enough,take the lecture course and not the studio.,2.5,4.0
capsticks an awesome prof. i was dreading physics but i actually really like it after taking his class. he's extremely helpful when answering questions and easy to talk to, and tries to teach the class so you really learn physics, not memorize equations. but this is still one of the hardest classes ive taken. really gotta make an effort to do well,5.0,4.0
Seriously one of the best professors I have ever had. He works really hard to make physics fun and entertaining, on top of making sure you understand the material. That being said, Physics isn't easy. Study outside of class, go to his office hours, and you'll be fine. But seriously, he's awesome!,5.0,2.0
Dr. Capstick is a great teacher. Not only is he very smart, but he understands how to explain things to students and is funny too. Office hours with him are always an experience. Filled with general knowledge in so many areas. Physics is difficult, but he makes it easy to get a good grade if you put in some effort. Fair grading. Highly recommend,5.0,2.0
Dr. Capstick was a very informative physics professor who knows a lot more than he lets on about his profession- asking him puzzling questions almost always ended in an interesting response, which was nice. The class is still physics though- don't expect the practice to magically become simpler.,4.5,2.0
Very helpful outside of class as well, definitely very experienced with teaching the basics of physics.,4.5,2.0
Prof Capstick is the bomb diggity. Not only did he do completely ridculous experiments in class and have the best british accent ever, he is just a great person. Super helpful. Definitely take him. You will love!,5.0,4.0
he is an AWESOME teacher. his lectures are really interesting and not boring thank god. hes really funny and nice. He will help you with anything. his test are easier than i thought they would be. as long as you study you will get good grades. the homework is tough though. from what i have heard he is the best astronomy teacher!!,4.5,2.0
Very very good teacher. Will help even when you don't need it. Labs are a bit boring, hw and test can be hard if you dont study. Study outside of class and you are guaranteed an A.,5.0,2.0
Horrible. I don't care what everyone else says. Unless you are good at physics and very interested in the subject, he is no help to you.,2.0,5.0
His accent is amazing!! Just guess where he's from. Seriously hes a good teacher that is entertaining to listen to,4.5,3.0
BEST physics teacher there is at Florida State. Physics is hard but he teaches it better than any of the other teachers which makes it almost easy at times. He is very nice and helpful and actually makes the class INTERESTING unlike the other teachers. You will not regret taking his class. HIGHLY recommended.,5.0,3.0
Great professor!! He actually cares about you learning the material. He's funny too! Really, if you get a chance sign up for physics with him. He currently teaches studio physics A.,5.0,4.0
Had him for Studio Physics I, definitely glad I did. Yeah, the work was hard and there was a lot of it, but at the end of the class, we really understood physics. Extremely helpful, as are (were) the TAs. Highly Recommended!,5.0,3.0
I love Dr. Capstick. He's very good at helping explain problems. He not only helps you get the answer but actually gives a reason as to why that answer is the way it is. Physics is hard, its definitely something you need to understand the concept and not just memorize, and Dr. Capstick helps you see that.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Capstick is without a doubt the best teacher I've ever had in my life. He knows his stuff and he knows how to teach it- and he's really funny. And he's a really fair teacher, he's hard but not unreasonable. If you have the opportunity to take a class with him, DO IT!! PLEASE!! I wish he could teach all my classes.,5.0,5.0
Good Teacher, can be confusing at times, but always helpful and has cool stories and demonstrations. Study hard and you will do well.,4.0,4.0
Awesome teacher. He is probably one of the best teachers i've had. If you get a chance to take this class with him i would recommend it.,5.0,3.0
very good professor...subject is hard, but explains well and is very helpful if you go to his office hours...somewhat funny too,5.0,2.0
Class is difficult. He is very versed in the area so it was difficult to keep up in class. Visited office hours and he was very helpful and patient. Just go to office hours early in the semester and work out Capa yourself and the class won't be so bad. Very useful prof. one on one.,4.0,4.0
Very good professor. Not easy but you end up with a good handle on material if you pass his class.,5.0,4.0
he is a good teacher behind the scenes...if you have a question he is the man.,5.0,3.0
She was so sweet. Its a very content-heavy class but she made it relevant by using current news articles to talk about and relate to the content. She was also very understanding if you had something going on and needed to miss class or get an assignment extension.,5.0,3.0
Joanne is a very sweet prof, accounting was difficult but she will make time to answer your questions. If she knows you she will try to boost your grade by scaling the quizzes which is awesome!,5.0,5.0
Very dull lectures hard to pay attention. Try's to help everyone but tends to not explain things well.,1.0,3.0
Her lectures are a huge help (incredibily boring though) but could probably still get by for missing a couple. The texbook is also somewhat mandatory.,2.0,4.0
Very well liked and respected - by faculty and students. Wonderful professor, but do not expect an easy A from her. She expects you to work for your grade.,5.0,4.0
Overall, the quizzes are the hardest part of this class. The other assignments are pretty straight forward. You dont have to show up to the lectures to do good in this class, as long as you have a friend who can send notes, youre there for the quizzes and there to hand in assignments. The lectures can be dull and there is a lot of note-taking.,2.0,4.0
Absolutely loved her! Her classes are difficult, but she tries her best for everyone to completely understand what she is talking about. If you go to every lecture and she knows your name its pretty much a pass in the course. She will go out of her way to help you out. 10/10 would recommend her. I wish every prof was like her.,5.0,4.0
A fantastic and very knowledgable prof. Really enjoyed her class and would take her again in a heartbeat. Very easy to talk to after class or during office hours. Highly recommend.,5.0,3.0
Joanne is amazing. She genuinely cares about her students and wants to see them succeed. She also enjoys teaching (which is always a bonus). Though the material in ADM1113 or Accounting can sometimes be long and boring, Joanne tries to make it at interesting as possible. Joanne is a real gem and hands down one of the best profs in business!,5.0,3.0
Very nice and helpful prof. Lectures are a bit boring but she does lots of examples.,4.5,2.0
Class is a little tough but she's great.,5.0,3.0
She made the tests too hard,4.0,5.0
Would recommend her to anyone in a second. Not only is she a very good professor, she is always very pleasant and cares about how all students are doing in class. If you are having any problems at all she is more then willing to go out of her way to help you out. I have taken two courses with her and would take more if I could.,5.0,1.0
Hinton is the best prof for an intro class. She made me instantly want to major in business and take anything she offered! She uses the book a lot and also a million interesting articles and videos that make you want to come to class all the time. Very easy to communicate to and always helpful.,5.0,1.0
Co-taught ADM 1113 with Assad David (who for whatever reason has been removed from the site but is fantastic). Joanne is very helpful, very approachable, and cares about the subject matter (esp accounting). Her teaching style did not suit me (mature student), but resonated extremely well with several of my peers (new students). Definite recommend.,5.0,2.0
I'll be blunt, Joanne's class was easy and straight forward. She made it enjoyable to come to class, while she made ample use of the textbook she also filled each class with exceptionally sourced materials and kept us informed. The final exam was fair, although with a slight accounting slant. Wonderful prof, great experience.,5.0,3.0
Hinton is amazing. She cares how her students are doing and takes the time to make sure they understand the concepts. The material can be a bit dry and times, but she does her best to attempt to make in interesting. Highly recommended.,5.0,2.0
Well, a nice person overall. But the class is horribly boring, if ya have a morning class be prepared to fall alseep.,4.0,1.0
She is great. Very helpful and accomodating, makes good choices as far as subject matter goes, keeps the class fairly interesting.,4.5,2.0
A pleasant person who will try her best to help you understand as much as possible. She is, however, a bit dry. It's hard not to doze off in her class.,3.0,2.0
DONT LOOK ANY FURTHER. TAKE THIS CLASS. THIS LADY IS A SWEETHEART (and will accept any excuse you throw out there),5.0,2.0
a wonderful - fair professor - who really wants students to learn,5.0,3.0
This prof is right on! She is very approachable and very committed to making sure you "get" the material. She is one of the best things UNB has got going...,5.0,3.0
best prof i.ve ever had, all should be as good!,5.0,3.0
Excellent, she make it is easy to understand.,5.0,1.0
She is an excellent prof. who really takes an interest in the subject. Tests are very fair if you do the assigned work. Wish I could have her for every class!,5.0,3.0
I really wish my class wasn't at 8:30am, because otherwise I would have learned more. From what I was awake for, Hinton was a really nice lady, she did have favorites, but not in a bad way. She identified with the mature students so she liked them better. Good teacher though. Take her if you can!,4.5,3.0
Real good teacher!! She always is checking to make sure that everyone is following her cuz she knows it can be difficult for some! Very approachable and very fair!!,4.0,3.0
Awesome Prof! Very approachable and will help you with anything you need! Will go out of her way to help you in her course! Very nice lady whose course I recommend you take!,5.0,2.0
Makes accounting worth listening to.,4.0,3.0
AWESOME prof,shes very very good about helping in or outside class.She is approachable & sincerely cares.Makes every class clear & uses lots of examples.one of top profs in Business Faculty without a doubt!,5.0,3.0
the perfect teacher,5.0,1.0
Great prof, although can be quite fast with her teaching. Be ready for class as she waits for noone.,4.0,4.0
Awesome prof!!! But most importantly, understanding and approachable. One of the best profs in the Business faculty.,4.5,4.0
Exellent commnucation throughout the semester, the teaching style was more than appreciated.helpful and kind.,5.0,2.0
Very good prof,5.0,1.0
She's so nice, and will do her best to make sure you understand. And will not embarass you if you don't know the answers.,5.0,2.0
Excellent prof! Very helpful and kind,5.0,3.0
Always ready to help,5.0,3.0
Very Good Prof. Would Take Again,5.0,2.0
very good!,4.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
A really great professor!! Very approachable,5.0,2.0
Very approachable and friendly, explained things extremely well. A great prof,5.0,1.0
one of the most helpful profs ever,4.5,1.0
No Comments,4.5,1.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Bruce is a bad ass and even though he was let go of for budgetary reasons I didn't want his last review to be radically untrue in my eyes. He was a very straightforward lecturer but was always willing to help and overall not an overly harsh grader either.,5.0,3.0
Acted more like a performer than a teacher, expected you to understand everything he said without questioning it at all. Never gives you opportunities to ask questions or to even catch up, constantly talking about the next lesson while you're already on one.,1.0,5.0
Very boring class, moves through the material and the class like its a performance. Doesn't like when people interrupt his lectures with questions and isn't open to and discourages other viewpoints. Boring class and can be difficult if you don't already have an understanding of economics.,1.5,4.0
Great professor. Not always fully open to other views, but a great economist and a nice guy.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Roberts a pretty good teacher, however, he does talk pretty monotone and sometimes talks about topics that, if you know nothing about, will fly over your head. Worth taking, but you definitly need some caffine to get you through.,4.5,3.0
So far this is the best class I have taken at USM--Prof. Roberts is an impassioned teacher and is extremely qualified--he could easily be teaching grad school. TAKE HIS CLASS! In order to succeed: come to class, take notes, pay attention, and do the problem sets, study for the tests. If you do that, you'll be fine.,4.5,4.0
Could not comprehend any of the concepts from day 1, and once you fall behind, your done for the semester. If you do poorly on the first exam, and you steadily improve throughout the semester, he will curve the exams in your favor.,2.0,5.0
Very one sided and monotone. I learned a lot in this class but his partial views are very obvious and he shuts you down when you ask for an alternative method. He was very willing to work with you after class for extra help which was great, hard class but learned a significant amount.,3.5,4.0
Very nice guy. Willing to help you understand the material- however, his tests are almost impossible to pass. good luck. :/,3.0,5.0
he is a nice guy trys to give you a chance to improve homework is pass fail, be prepared to fall asleep in class all he does is talk and draw graphs on the board, when it comes time to studying youll be lost because his notes are all over the place, he passes everyone as long as you do the work and get at least a 40 on the exam,3.5,4.0
Nice guy, but be prepared to hear only one side of the economic spectrum. He is very liberal and believes heavily in Keynes which is fine but there is nothing to balance the class to give students an objective lesson on both sides. Only Keynes and some papers on how everything else sucks.,2.0,4.0
Horrible teacher. Most boring class I've ever taken. He doesn't help make the subject interesting at all and I fell asleep during EVERY single class. Seriously not one class where I didn't fall asleep at least once. Grades very easily though, anything above like 68 is an A in his books, probably because he can't actually teach the material.,1.0,5.0
It is a really interesting class to under stand what is going on in the world today. Class all lectures with dense material. The homework is pass fail and really helpful for the tests. Get ready to hear about Ben Burnackie, and the fed. Hard class but worth taking.,3.5,4.0
I took several classes from Bruce about 10 years ago. I have to say that he was one of the best teachers I have encountered in my academic career. Thanks Dr.Roberts!,4.5,5.0
Professor Roberts made this class more interesting than economics should be. He is very clear and actually cares about how students are doing. He is one of the few professors at USM that honestly loves teaching. I would highly suggest taking this required class with him!,5.0,4.0
Great Professor! Made what could have been boring material pretty interesting. I learned a lot in this class. He was always available if you had questions and also graded on a scale. I got like a 79 and an 85 on his tests and aced them both. Great teacher, take his class!,5.0,2.0
If you have to take ECO101J definately take it with Roberts! He explains everything very clearly and in a way so that you're not just spitting back information. You actually learn about economics and you're able to hold an intelligent conversation afterward. He gives homework that is actually ON the exams so it's not just busywork.,4.5,5.0
This was the toughest class of my undergraduate career to date. I learned a lot, but not without a TON of studying. Attendance is optional, but if you miss a class, youre in trouble. If you work hard, you will survive.,3.0,5.0
hard to follow. try to take intro macro with him too to make it easier on yourself. do problem sets in groups to avoid confusion. good luck,3.0,4.0
hes a great guy, he will answer any question you have about anything through e-mail, appointment, or after class. you learn a lot, tough to understand, but if you read the text the night before you will be okay. i wish i did so,4.5,2.0
Intro students who just happen to have taken a class in this department shouldn't bother rating Roberts. You don't know what you are talking about and probably wouldn't do well in other economics courses either. I wouldn't rate a professor poorly in another department based on difficulty alone and neither should anyone else. Roberts is interesting.,5.0,3.0
Bruce cares so much about his students, and really wants them to understand the material. He tries very hard to make the material interesting, but the lectures can be a bit hard to follow or retain. But he's really a great guy, great personality.,5.0,1.0
a great teacher if you don't mind the whole class being taught from a liberal stance.,5.0,3.0
I loved this class! Very easy to get high grades on his exams becuase all you have to do is show up for eveyr class, take notes - don't bother even buying the text, he never uses it. He is very willing to answer any questions, and always goes over things in class over again so its easy to rememember,4.5,2.0
Great guy, very helpful, wants you to succeed. I recomend him. His only downfall maybe all the symbols he uses. You'll get so confussed with them. He also moves a little to fast. But again, I liked him a lot.,4.5,4.0
He uses way too much information outside of the text... stuff he pulls out of his ass. He is cocky and likes to show off his smarts. He likes to make up a lot of symbols (also pulled out of his ass).,1.0,4.0
Great person!Great teacher, highly recommend!I admire when he has time for personal attention to every student in the class. He makes the material easy and interesting.He is very clear on answering your questions.Fair exams.,5.0,1.0
Too many intro students commenting. This guy is awesome but lives in a world where econometrics are as common as taking a piss. I suck at math, and speak english poorly, so it takes something more to wrestle an understanding from this intelligent man -,4.0,4.0
The text is is mathematically rated at 18 graduate level. Uses too much information outside of the text and handouts are not very clear.,1.5,5.0
Very good teacher for such a hard subject the work is not easy but he is very helpful. great professor,5.0,3.0
It's nice to have a teacher enjoying what they are teaching even if the material is a little boring sometimes. You will definitely leave this class with a better understanding of our government and what it means to you.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Strong guy...strong words.,3.0,3.0
I was interested in taking this class but her syllabus makes no sense and she uses a weird grading scale. You take 5 quizzes and she drops the lowest 2, a pointless paper about consulting firms, a midterm, final, and article summary paper and she's a hard grader, so don't take her unless you need a class.,1.0,4.0
Her class is very repetitive, felt like I learned more by reading the texbook than I did by going to her classes. You take 6 quizzes(2 are dropped, a midterm, final, and two papers. While it seems like a lot, once you start working on it all, it's not too bad. You can miss up to four classes throughout the quarter when usually it's two.,2.5,4.0
She told me she used to be a dean and wanted to get close to the students by teaching. At her age she does not need this so please give her a chance she really wants to help students and we all have our defects that we need to work on. Give her a chance! : ),4.5,2.0
Take her for her Health Comm class and it will not be fun. Her grading system difficult to understand, her class is very boring and she talks down to people. Avoid,1.5,4.0
I am taking her for Interpersonal Communication and at first I was unsure about taking her class because of these previous comments; however, she genuinely cares about her students, tells great stories pertaining to the material, and has a very fair grading system. Give her a chance and take her class!!,4.5,2.0
I honestly cannot understand why everyone does not like this professor?? It's week 5 and professor Obrien is one of the most sincere, organized professionals I have ever had. I almost dindt take her because of the comments. Glad I didnt listen to any of you. I would take her class. Great story teller and personality. What is wrong with everyone??,5.0,3.0
I took her for Consulting. She is an extremely caring person. She will help you with any topic (class related or not.)She loves what she teaches and you can tell. Sometimes she yells and gets into her speeches, but that is what keeps you interested. Class work is light and easy- I would take her again.,4.5,2.0
She's very intelligent and obviously knows what she's talking about but is a terrible teacher. She is demeaning and is extremely unhelpful. Enroll at your own risk. I made the mistake of taking her twice and I will never do it again. If you don't mind being talked down to, this is your kind of teacher.,1.5,2.0
I made the mistake of taking her twice.She's annoying, thinks that putting slides on BBoard is the work of the devil, & very nit-picky on the stupidest crap.She assigns & expects you to start work on final project 1st day of class(seriously).By end of course you'll have about 40,000 handouts.Just not a good prof at all. AVOID IF AT ALL POSSIBLE!,1.5,5.0
Horrible teacher. She seems nice at first but she's not. She's annoying and mean.,2.0,4.0
Does DePaul have any quality control? Why is this person allowed to teach anyone about anything? I have no idea what she knows or why she's allowed to work at a university.,1.0,5.0
Sweet person but gets annoying at times with her tone of voice. You take notes all period long. Doesnt use blackboard and at the end of the quarter has two major assignments and final due, so you're left trying to guess your grade. If you can deal with that then take her class because it is really interesting.,2.5,4.0
Having taken other CMN profs, I am sorry to say that this woman is probably the worst. She did not help with any questions, and nothing was interesting. Plus she sounds like a cartoon character and thinks she's funny when she's doing it. Avoid this teacher like the plague.,1.0,3.0
boring. her stories are dumb. don't relate to class. at least i was able to get stuff done for other classes in this class.,2.5,1.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
Yes, her voice is annoying...but what's even worse is how she can go from a normal speaking voice to screaming/screaching with no warning. Most of what is said in class is word-for-word in the book...such a boring class,3.0,3.0
Dr. O'Brien was so-so. She mentioned many times she does not have much time because she teaches so many classes and other students. Material is so-so, tests are not hard if you study - paper grade was a little harsh, and yes she does have a very high pitched screachy voice that she tends to use when telling a story...very weird, actually.,1.5,4.0
I liked this class because we got to talk in group circles but the teacher was unbearable sometimes. She talks in this high pitched voice that gets REALLY annoying and she doesnt explain her assignments very well. i would try to stay away from her.,2.5,3.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
Professor O'Brien is the worst teacher that I have had at DePaul....RUN AWAY!!!,1.0,4.0
at first, obrien will seem like she's nice; but once you get to know her more, you realize its all a front. she is fake, and more than half her stories seem that way, too. do not take her at all, unless you hate yourself.,2.0,4.0
Professor O'Brien...what to say. She seems like she is goign to be really nice at first, and then she just kinda goes insane. This is a public speaking class, and there were some excellent public speakers in our class who basically failed, she is not clear about what she wants accomplished by the class and this leaves her students really confused.,1.0,3.0
She is a great teacher--tells a lot of stories to help you understand the concepts. Learned a lot from the class. Not a lot of outside homework for the class, just reading.,4.5,2.0
She is a hilarious lady and very kind, but if you don't do the work or if anything is late she turns really bright red and starts screaming really loud. I think she is a very nice lady, though and she teaches good stuff. She should just work on that temper a bit. I've never had her for communications class, though.,4.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
I disagree, she was a pretty good prof. Funny lady, and willing to help if you ask. Yes she gave a lot of personal stories, but they were funny, and helped explain the topics. There was reading, but geez, its a college class! And she never made anyone cry in my class...although, did make us stay til 9pm and didnt let out early.,3.5,2.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
She is So weird, but funny and animated. Yea, she's a little harsh if you don't do the work, but HILAREOUS when it comes to story time!!!,4.5,3.0
I agree!!!!!!! KEEP RUNNING AND DON'T LOOK BACK,1.0,5.0
RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!!!,1.0,5.0
Lots of notes, lecture, and reading which were not always useful for the tests. The midterm and final is moderately difficult. Personality wise, she is funny and entertaining; however, she has an incredibly loud voice and breaks into different voices at any given moment.,3.0,3.0
She may be funny but she is still picky about everything. The midterm and final are very hard, a lot of it doesn't even relate to what is discussed in class. Tells stories all the time and you don't really learn anything in relation to the tests she gives you.,1.5,4.0
Lots of notes that don't really relate to the midterm and final. Midterm and final are extremely hard. Participation and attendance is a must.,2.0,3.0
dont listen to these chumps obrien isnt a bad teach she is funny and since communication is such a broad subject you talk abot random**** in class. u cant blow it off but its not a hard class. come to class take notes speak abit and youll be fine.,3.5,3.0
She really is a great teacher. She knows what she's talking about...and she's hilarious! She makes the lecture not as boring as it could be by telling really funny stories and talking in voices and accents! She really corky and kinda weird but awesome!,4.0,2.0
Very hard professor. Uses big words you don't understand. Gets angry when you ask her for clarification on a concept. Extreamly hard midterm and final. But she does bump up grades. (C+ to a B-).,2.0,4.0
I STRONGLY recommend that you do not take this teacher under any circumstance. She gets very easily frustrated and gets angry if you need a concept explained. If you don't like teachers that seem to have vendettas against college students, STAY AWAY!!!!,1.0,4.0
She seems to talk a lot but you don't really get a lot out of the lectures. Her mid-term and final are pretty tricky and you only get graded on that besides the final paper. Don't take her for CMN 211.,3.0,4.0
She makes the class harder then it should be and is very boring. Lots of really boring reading. She just cant teach because she makes lecture really boring. would not take again,2.0,4.0
She is basically and easy grader, but she sucks at teaching. She also has unreasonable expectations for her students. If your looking for an A do not take this class.,1.5,3.0
While she is somewhat unclear about some of her material, the one thing that redeems her is her eagerness to help out- if you do not understand her, she will try her hardest to work with you until you do. If you do the reading, its a great class!,4.0,2.0
Awwwe, she's not that bad...but she does make some things confusing. It's a lot of reading, but definitely do-able! I took her for a night class- it can't get worse than that.,2.0,3.0
UGH. Excepting the fact that she is very knowledgeable, vibrant, and nice person, HER CLASS STINKS. The material is WAY easy, and she makes it confusing by using really big words. Who wants to decipher questions when you only have an hour to answer em',2.0,3.0
she is horrible. i got my first C ever in her intro class because she is not clear about anything. she makes the material harder than it is and very confusing.,1.0,3.0
If you have to take interpersonal, find ANOTHER professor! O'Brien lets her personal issues sift into her lectures and affect her teaching skills. False stories, and doesn't allow food/drink in class!,1.0,4.0
Great teacher. She's knowledgeable, well-prepared, and funny. Come ready to work. . .periods fly by. . .she motivated me to read and participate.,5.0,3.0
WHY IS SHE TEACHING...SHE MAKES THE CLASS HARDER THAN IT IS....AND SOME PEOPLE DO NOT HAVE PROBLEMS WHEN COMMUNICATING, SO THEY CANNOT PARTICIPATE WHEN ASKED TO GIVE EXAMPLES FROM EXPERIENCE. BORING CLASS. IF YOU DON'T HAVE TO TAKE IT, DO NOT!!!!,1.0,5.0
Final was easy....,3.5,2.0
Very funny lady; great lectures. Likes a lot of paper though...,4.5,4.0
Lexa is a great professor. She has the perfect balance between challenging you but also doesn't expect a ridiculous amount of work. Also very easy going and understanding. The activities she incorporated were related to the material and made the class go by faster.,5.0,3.0
I had Lexa for CMN 101, which was my first class at DePaul after transferring. Basically all you need to show up to class, listen to her funny and relevant lectures, and do the minimal work required such as discussion board post. She made class interesting and really wanted students to succeed. 100% take her for any communication class.,4.5,2.0
Best professor in DePaul's college of communication. She is a rarity as the rest of the department, save two or three professors, is the complete opposite of Dr. Murphy...take every class you can with her, it's not easy, but it's helpful and career-based,5.0,3.0
Best Communication Professor at DePaul. Brilliant and sweet. I recommend her to everyone.,5.0,5.0
Lexa was an excellent professor. She was truly engaging and respectful of her learners. She created a great environment for dialogue and furthered learning with interesting anecdotes and activities.,5.0,3.0
Awesome teacher. Participation and reading the book a must.,5.0,2.0
Fun teacher. Got students to become engaged. The text readings were useful for the exam. Make sure to take good notes. There is an 8 page paper (for summer course) that you have to write on a movie. It wasn't difficult to write just hard to reach the 8 page minimum without starting to sound boring or repetitive. Highly recommend.,4.0,4.0
Lexa is extremely well versed in her subject matter and enthusiastic about teaching. She encourages learning and dialogue so the class ends up serving as the excellent foundation it is intended to be. Grades on written assignments are tough and there is a log of work in CMNS 541.,4.0,4.0
She is a nice and sweet professor. Not always the most exciting topics but she still instills a sense of respect with her students. I wouldn't necessarily strive to take her class but there's no need to shy away from her class either.,3.5,2.0
Lexa is great. Organizational communication was not my concentration area but she opened my eyes to how corporate communication is structured. Assignments are relevant: four 3-4pg papers and a 15-20 pg. Lit review. The only bad thing is that she can be a little late posting readings- that's tough for full time workers with limited free time.,4.5,2.0
very sweet professor and extremely helpful. The course was very dry and too many readings. Hopefully you'll have her grade ur papers rather rather than locke. midterm was 2 papers and final 3 papers. the work in this class was too much for a scholarship i think,4.5,3.0
She's so nice and I thoroughly enjoyed her class. Do take notes on key points that she makes, and read the book as the test is based on both her notes and the material in the book. Participation will help with your grade.,5.0,2.0
She's one of the nicest professors I've ever had. She's so sweet and her class is all about discussion and hands-on stuff. Take her if you get the chance for your sophomore seminar,4.5,2.0
I've had her for a couple of classes - always good and she is cute but someone you can respect. I don't think she looks like sarah jessica parker, though - much prettier and doubtless smarter.,5.0,3.0
she is really down to earth and fun to talk to. very smart and cute in my opinion. i'd hang out with her.,4.0,3.0
wouldn't kick her out of bed for eating crackers. she is a great prof. as well.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
I had Lexa for Perspectives in Community Service. Class was okay, she encourages class discussions entirely too much and let a few select people dominate the class. Easy grader and not a lot of work, biggest drawback is the immense reading that was sometimes over my head.,4.0,3.0
The best!,5.0,4.0
Great professor, very easygoing and friendly; looks like Sarah Jessica Parker.,5.0,2.0
One of the best professors I have had at DePaul..won't spoon feed you information and forces you to think..uses games to teach important concepts..very intelligent and sweet woman,5.0,3.0
Really sweet lady who knows her area very well, and knows how to make us think. She's a great professor, and you all should definitely take her if you get the chance!,5.0,2.0
Professor Halstead states what he expects for each assignment and grades them very toughly. They are expected to be long and specific. You are required to read a few books in this class that are not that interesting. However, he is a very nice and caring professor and wants to see students really put effort into their work.,3.0,5.0
this is one of the sweetest most philosophical old men i have ever heard speak. the prof gives great takes and really likes to talk but it really can be alot of meaningless discussion at points. never one to get sleepy during a class or leave feeling drained but this sometimes occurs. this was an explore class for 'Crime & Chaos, Culture & Cosmos",3.0,3.0
I wish I was joking when I said his classes put most of the class to sleep. He has a monotone voice, assigns over 100 pages of reading each week, and we read 3-4 books throughout the entire quarter. It's an explore Chicago class but we never actually explored anything. We listened to him talk for two hours straight. It's the most draining class.,1.0,4.0
If you're planning on taking an explore class that goes out and explores chicago, do not take this class with Halstead. Be prepared to read a lot and watch hour long videos outside of class for this course. Unless you are a philosophical thinker, do not take this course because he will tell you "this is a C answer, can we make it an A or B answer".,2.0,4.0
This guy is one of the most interesting people I've ever met in my life. Genius. Also, adorable. Gives AMAZING lectures, but his class will kick your ass. Makes you really closely examine your life. Really, really cool class.,5.0,5.0
Seemed like an interesting intro class, however very difficult grader. Expects you to understand and always be on the same page. Has expectations that are not stated in criteria but expects you to have every thing or a low grade. Definitely a very difficult intro class. Not worth it.,1.0,3.0
At first I thought his class was interesting to say the least. However, he is very esoteric and expects you to be on the same page as him always. His grading criteria is not clear at all because he plays the favorite's card with his students then bases how he grades everyone else from those he likes most. Hardest intro level class I have ever taken,1.0,4.0
Professor Halstead has been one of my favorite professors at DePaul. You would never guess he is also a priest! He is completely unbiased and you learn a lot in this class. You'll think you're doing horribly but if you stick it out and go to an office hour or two, everything will fall into place at the end. :),5.0,3.0
Boring, dry lectures. Tough grader, but a nice guy.,3.0,5.0
He makes the class interesting and really makes you think. Quite a bit of readings, but you can get by skipping a few of the smaller readings occasionally. A few essays but the assignments are fairly straightforward, he is a tough grader though so do exactly what he asks for. I didn't do well on many assignments but still got an A. He's a nice guy,4.0,4.0
Halstead knows what he talks about, and you will learn a lot from this class. However, he grades too hard for a 100 course, and his grading is weird. One more thing, it takes him forever to grade things!!! My suggestion is: take him only if you don't have other options!!,2.0,5.0
It is unlike other courses, he allows you to question all the information given without the fear of being politically correct because the past is often discussed. He is not easy and tough grader, but that should not cause you to not take his course. Definitely recommend, you actually learn something. One of my favorite professors..,3.5,3.0
Halstead is a really cool professor, with the real potential to change the way you think.,4.5,3.0
Halstead is a super nice guy, very knowledgable and helpful. Very tough grader, but you learn a lot. Super interesting class!,4.0,4.0
He's an extremely nice guy, and you can tell he really knows/cares about his work. But he gives out very vague writing prompts for papers and then grades them very harshly. And his tests are aren't exactly normal either. They're not free response OR multiple choice. It's more like fill in the blank, with a random sentence about the subject matter,3.5,4.0
He seems more intimidating than he is. Grades on accuracy and thoroughness which leads to long papers- it is doable with the info he provides you. Tests are basically memorizing lists and specific terms, which is also hard at times but definitely doable. Will have to work for an A in this class but he will be more than happy to give it to you. :),5.0,3.0
He grades way too hard for a 100 level class. His exams are basically memorizing long lists of terms. I feel like I haven't learned much in this class and I had a genuine interest in the content from the beginning. I'm a typical A student, and have not gotten a single A on any of his assignments/tests. C's are what he prefers to give. Dont take him,1.0,5.0
I had Halstead for Contemporary Moral Issues, and while it is a hard class, it is completely doable. If you pay attention in class and make an effort, you'll be good. Some say you don't have to read the books, but for both of his big papers two prompts use the entire book. Midterm was tough, but if you take notes in class you'll be totally fine.,3.5,3.0
Overall a bad professor. He is very unorganized, and doesn't even know what he assigns for credit. He'll put a due date on something and then he changes the entire assignment two days before it's due. I thought the class was going to be very interesting, but he ruined the whole class.,1.0,3.0
I've never had it so good! I wish this would be forever!,5.0,3.0
Lots of reading, but that is to be expected in an Honors course, and he is very understanding if you don't get all of the reading done. Great professor, interesting material, great class discussions. Really knows his stuff and is a great teacher! Definitely recommend!,5.0,3.0
REALLY HARD for a 100 level. Thinks C is good and A is like above and beyond.,2.0,5.0
He is a reverend, but you would never know. Most of the time I feel like he is making fun of every religion we discuss in class, even his own... Class is very discussion based, and he will put random students on the spot if no one is answering. The only grades are a few papers, which are easy because he gives detailed guidelines.,3.0,3.0
Amazing professor, amazing person, amazing theologian. Simply put, this professor and this class have the potential to change your life. Highly recommend.,3.5,4.0
I think Professor Halstead is great. He was intimidating at first because class is very discussion based, but everyone in the class gets used to it. Theres a lot of reading, but they are good, fast reads, and there are four papers for the quarter. Attendance is mandatory, but the class is interesting so it goes by quickly. I would take him again.,5.0,4.0
Throughout the whole class I kept thinking "Wait, is this a philosophy class or an intro class?!" Either way, DON'T TAKE IT. Halstead rarely references from the book, so there was no point doing the reading. Everything on the exams were from the handouts, which he never tells you that. He has favorites, which were philosophy majors. Also, he's rude,2.0,4.0
Prof Halstead is awesome. He really knows his stuff and keeps the class discussing. The readings and work are hard but I actually learned in this class. I would take him again, but he is very challenging.,4.5,5.0
I recommend NOT taking this class. The readings, even for a college level are ridiculous and are hard to understand. The articles you read for class are okay, but the books you read you can't understand. Grading is hard and you have to have exact wording in order to get an A on anything.,2.5,4.0
DO NOT and i repeat, DO NOT TAKE THE "ROMAN CATHOLIC MORAL TRADITIONS" or "CONTEPORARY MORAL ISSUES ON HOMOSEXUALITY"!!! if you love doing endless readings and spending all night doing the final paper go ahead. this class is NOT interesting as it sounds in the course description! THIS IS A WARNING!,1.5,5.0
He is amazing. He comes off as being way intimidating but he knows his stuff. He keeps you on your toes, and isn't a bad grader when it comes to papers. Plus I think he's adorable..if i were only a little old lady..,3.5,4.0
Excellent teacher,4.5,3.0
If you want to spend sleepless nights trying to get the readings done, writing the essays, or trying to study for a multiple test choice which covers the readings that you have to memorize in order to do well on the tests...go ahead. Most of the class failed the multiple choice section of the test, if you have to take the class...DO THE ESSAYS,2.5,5.0
This class and professor were intensely challenging for me. The helter-skelter way my mind works and the logical thoughts that he explained to us just didn't coincide. Regardless, he is an exceptional professor and person, very approachable and incredibly knowledgeable. You can see the passion in his face. Quite challenging as far as grading goes.,4.5,5.0
Incredible professor!!! He is hard and will challenge you to question your beliefs about religion, life, yourself, etc. BUT the rewards you will reap are invaluable. He has changed the way I look at things, and because of him I am considering a minor in philosophy or religious studies. TAKE HIM!!! He is definitely worth it!,5.0,4.0
Incredibly challenging, occasionally hair-splitting, but thoroughly fascinating discussion and lecture.,4.0,5.0
I really struggled in this class and I had a lot of trouble with the papers because he picks them apart! But...this class did change my way of thinking about religion and my life. If you want a challenge, take this class, but be prepared to work very very hard.,3.0,5.0
Prof Halstead is incredible. His classes are one of those that you'll remember for the rest of your life. If you're awake and alert, you take away a helluva lot from his lectures and discussions. He really changed the way I think, and I can't say that for many people.,5.0,4.0
this man is amazing! the material is obviously difficult--but you will learn, probably more than you ever have in any class! you must take this professor--it will totally be worth it.,4.5,4.0
I learned alot from this man. He is a quality professor, clear and a great thinker. I feel much smarter after taking this class, it will help your ability to think about morality & ethics. GREAT CLASS!!,5.0,4.0
This professor really helped me understand comparitive religions better, however the skill I REALLY gained from this class was paper writing. The class is challenging, however when I approached Fr. Halstead for help outside of class he was approachable and helpful.,5.0,4.0
I loved this class. It was intimidating at first, but as we got into disucssions the material was interesting. It will definitely affect the way you look at and think about religion. If you don't mind putting in the effort, definitely try and take him. And try to make time to have him go over your papers with you. It's incredibly helpful.,4.5,5.0
Horrible professor. Very unfair in grading and cocky. Take him and you will no longer have respect for Christianity. His teachings are so horrible you loose respect and admiration for such a faith. The religion is unstable as he is. How can you possibly take a religion seriously when it is changing it's way of living and thinking everyday.,1.0,4.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS GUY. He is so arrogaunt. Dont have to really read any parts of the bible cause he goes over it in class. tests are fill in the blank and ridiculously hard. You have to write 2 papers 5 pages each inorder to get an A or B in the class. He is a waste of time for your time and money. I would not recommend even my eniemes to take him.,2.5,4.0
DO NOT TAKE!! BAD BAD BAD!!!,1.0,5.0
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE...DO NOT TAKE HIM. Hard test and papers to do. Tons of reading also!! DO not take him!,1.0,5.0
This is the hardest professor ever! If you do not think like a philosopher or a theologian, you're in trouble. He assigns tons of reading and expects you to read it multiple times. Good luck!,1.0,5.0
Wow, very intimidating at first by soo incredibly nice! He is very understanding (pushed back a paper when students asked) and so smart. You will think about everything differently after his class. Impossible not to learn. Final is a conversation w/him and everyone I talked to ended up with an A or B final grade. Take him for sure.,5.0,2.0
He is so cool! You would never guess he was a priest otherwise.,5.0,2.0
If you take him, you will be working your ass off for sure but you will learn so much that it will be worth it. Halstead is so smart, so it can be tough to always understand him, but things are usually comprehensible and what else would you expect from the department chair? Anyway this class is totally worth all the time and effort you will put in.,4.5,4.0
Most interesting class I have ever taken,also the most time/reading/paper intensive class:4 large papers,100+pages a night,One on one interview final,attendance counts. sees Cs as good and As as above and beyond. Very hard but amazing class Amazing man and teacher,just take this class prepared to work and perhaps with an otherwise light courseload,5.0,4.0
Wow, what an amazing class by a thoughtful man. He is a deep thinker and you will have to try to match up to him in order to get the maximum out of his classes. If you can though, you will have a wonderful experience. Not easy at all, but incredibly fulfilling.,5.0,4.0
This guy is brilliant and takes religion seriously. Not a blow off class at all, but you will acutally learn something. If you acutally listen to his lectures and attend class you'll do fine. He's always available for help too. TAKE THIS CLASS.,5.0,3.0
lots of readings. exams are mostly based from the notes from class. yes, there is optional papers due, but that is a little time consuming. you have to pay attention and think outside the box.exams are fill in the blanks along with 2 take home questions (essay).total of 3 exams and 1 paper. 2 optional papers for extra credit.,4.5,3.0
This man is brilliant, I think he might even be too brilliant to teach a 100-level course. I knew nothing about Christiantity before I took the class. He assumed everyone already knew the basics and history of Christianty. With that said, I received a "B"--I attended every class, and did ALL OF THE EXTRA WORK.,4.5,4.0
At first I really didn't like the class all that much, but Halstead is actually a great teacher, he is really helpful when you need it, and really smart. He is honest and if you are too he is really understanding. Don't be afraid of the syllabus- it isn't that bad- he is great.,4.0,4.0
Awesome professor, he is by far the smartest man I know. His lectures are insightful and the readings are very interesting.,5.0,1.0
Very involved and detailed with the course work and readings; knows his material extremely well, and makes YOU think. Great teacher if you are willing to put effort into what he asks of you.,3.5,3.0
I thought this class was very difficult! He was VERY smart and made me really think about what we were learning. A TON of reading HUGE paper assignments. Extra credit is offered but even that was too much. I worked really hard for my C.,3.5,5.0
As a frosh, this guy intimidated me. If you want to learn about the universe and think a little- do take him, he will challenge you. Helpful guy too. Maybe dont take philosophy at the same time. Papers ARE long, dont buy all his "additional" books until you have to, i ended up using 3 of 6 books.,4.0,4.0
Probably the most educated man I've ever met. His reading/writing assignments are out of control, but you can come out of the class knowing you actually learned something. He's open to questions, and reiterates the complicated stuff until you get it. Looking back, it wasn't so bad...,3.5,4.0
Yikes!This guy thinks we are all taking only one class(HIS!)and we are all Ph.D's in theology.His attendance policy in syllabus is only to scare you.Long,dull,difficult readings.SIX books,none of which were bought back, for a 200 level requirement.des. course.He's department chair,expects waytoomuch,1.5,5.0
You will learn a lot from his class and from him. But you will also read a lot and write long, miserable papers. (two 5 page single-space papers and two 7-10 page single-space papers). He's a great guy who expects a lot from his students, so be prepared for class!,4.5,3.0
Worst class I've ever had. 1200 pages of reading assignments & 60 pages of writing assignments (originally 1500 & 70!) for a 200-level course. And the guy mocks you by e-mail. Tells you things like "a C is a very nice grade." This class made me want to smoke crack.,2.0,5.0
NICE GUY, CLASS IS VERY HARD. I WORKED VERY HARD RECIVED A C.,4.0,4.0
Great Professor. Not, to argue, he is difficult, but if you activily participate in class you'll do fine. I recieved all "C" work, participated everyday and got a "B" in the class. You will definatly learn something from his courses.,5.0,3.0
Worst class/professor I have ever had. There is no clarity, very dull choice of text, and most of all very difficult. His help does no good toward the final grade. He seems to be a pretty nice guy, but not a good prof. I regret taking this class.,1.0,5.0
He seems like nice guy outside of class; He is uptight and rude and not clear in class of what he wants in his papers. Average grade on first exam was a C and I got a 50%. Even if you do go to his office for help on papers, it still doesn't help your grade. And, I did all the reading and let him re,1.0,5.0
One of the most astute, erudite minds at DePaul University. Will challenge you immensely, which, hopefully, should be THE PURPOSE OF TAKING AN HONORS COURSE!!!!!!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
Not easy. Extremely nice fellow, but not easy. Told me what to change on my paper to get an A, I did it, got a B. If you look for an A you need to write 3, yes, 3, ten page papers and pass his kind of tough 2 midterms and a final. Enter at your own risk.,3.5,3.0
Very interesting, very engaging, EXTEREMELY helpful if YOU approach him. Loved his class but it's very difficult. Read everything he gives you, participate and write ALL papers and you'll do fine.,4.0,4.0
JUST REMEMBER TO READ THE ASSIGNMENTS AND GET THE EXTRA HELP FROM HIM AND YOU WILL PASS THE CLASS WITH FLYING COLORS. oh yeah do the 10 page papers,4.0,2.0
THis class made me want to drop out of the Honors program. He is unclear, unhelpful and very mysoginist.,1.0,4.0
one of my favorite professors at depaul. very nice person. i learned so much in his class. keep up with the reading and youll do fine.,5.0,3.0
very hard teacher, but smart, requires a lot of writing and reading in order to get a decent grade!!,3.0,4.0
Loved this class! Do the reading, know your critical dates, and you should be fine! If you're going for an A, be prepared to write in GREAT DETAIL.,4.5,3.0
Awesome class! Interesting lectures and films. He teaches you to think in a different way. He is just brilliant. I highly recommend taking Death and its Beyond.,5.0,2.0
Great teacher. One of the best at DePaul. It is not a blow off class.You are in college so there are going to be some classes you might have to work at. You make or break your grade. Ask if you do not understand, don't just sit because you will be lost.,5.0,3.0
Difficult readings and very difficult tests. Lectures are long, boring, and difficult to understand. He's also the head of the department, so there's definetly no bending of the rules.,1.5,5.0
Weird class nothing like what i thought it was going to be. Very smart teacher, hard readings, very unclear on what class is about. I would really really really not suggest taking his class!,2.0,5.0
The readings for the class were hard, and it's easy to feel stupid in his class if you aren't understanding the readings. Take this to feel what college is supposed to feel like. Weird grading system too.,3.0,4.0
Unfair teacher, plays favorites. Interested in topic teaching, but class is boring. Be ready to participate a lot in class.,3.0,1.0
It feels like there is more homework than in my other classes but that's because it's half a semester course. David is super understanding and an easy grader. He gives great feedback and leaves a paragraph on almost all my assignment submissions.,4.0,3.0
This is the definition of a good professor. Fantastic guy.,5.0,4.0
He is a great professor. He really knows the field and continues to expand his own education within Emergency Management/ Terrorism. I learned a large amout within this class in a small amount of time (I took the May-mester),5.0,2.0
good teacher,4.5,3.0
Great guy, one of my favorites. Fairly easy, but not too easy.,4.5,2.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
He is a great professor that gives very practical advise about working in the emergency management field. The reason you go to college is get the thoery and book knowledge yet he stills teaches very practical applications,5.0,4.0
Instructor has a wealth of knowledge, but most seems to come from his book knowledge, likes to do research and pass that on to students, would love to get the Practical Knowledge from him since we all can do research.,4.5,4.0
Awesome prof! Really fun, can be dry, but lots of good information. Great classes with great knowledge,5.0,4.0
He seemed to have no practical experience in the field. His knowledge of the subject stems from his time and research within academia. Otherwise he is a relatively well rounded instructor,4.0,1.0
No Comments,4.5,2.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
fun class, good prof,4.0,3.0
AWESOME,5.0,3.0
Great teacher! So much fun working with him! very inspirational,5.0,3.0
Favorite/Best Lehigh Professor!! Engaging and interesting, he loves learning about his students and sharing his experiences! Wish he taught more classes so I could take them with him!!!!,4.0,4.0
Dale is why I am on the path I'm on right now; I did Silicon Valley and Boston, took his course, and now have a scholarship to the Technical Entrepreneurship master's and a GA position paying for it that he set up. Meeting Dale was one of the greatest things that happened to me in my Lehigh career.,5.0,3.0
Dale is an amazing teacher, but very non-traditional. If you're motivated, he will offer worlds of opportunity to you, and will go the extra mile for you. If your'e not, he is a fun guy, but you won't learn much. He is not a babysitter, and wont try to force you to learn. Its really up to you what you gain from him.,4.5,2.0
I met Dale through the Lehigh Silicon Valley program and took ENTP 201 for more of him; he talks a lot, but always has valuable things to say. Great guy, excellent person to talk to, and because of him I'm looking into the Tech Entrepreneurship masters at Lehigh. Highly recommended.,5.0,3.0
Outstanding and engaging professor - made me want to switch majors he was so good,5.0,4.0
Best teacher ever! If you ever need network connections or just want a great teacher with lots of stories and even more real world experience, he is your guy.,5.0,3.0
It's interesting to read back through the comments, most of the inexperienced, MKT students found it boring, while the experience vSeries students enjoyed it. I think that reflects my experience as well. If you're ready to break from the standard classroom usual and use more of a case method, Falcinelli's your guy!,3.5,3.0
This is what Lehigh has to offer???,1.0,3.0
he was just as interesting as the material that he presented. made the class interesting and engaging.,5.0,4.0
excellent professor. speaks from experience and takes a geniune interest in his students and in hearing their personal experiences. keeps the conversation dynamic and isn't afraid of debate in the classroom.,5.0,3.0
Horrible,1.0,2.0
an excellent professor. tells it like it is and doesn't get caught up in the typical academic BS that too often purveys in classroom. Any one that didn't like him is probably used to boring professors that teach directly from the textbook vs. speaking to real life experiences,5.0,1.0
This guy is a jerk. What a hot head - instead of talking about himself, he should learn how to teach.,1.0,1.0
Bag-O-wind,1.0,3.0
he rules! defintely take this class, it will be worth your time.,4.5,3.0
This was the only lecture I didn't skip in 4 years.Not only was his enthusiasm contageous; it was motivating.I have since become a mktg. exec.for an IR firm and my continued interest and success in the field I can only attribute to Falcinelli's guidance.,5.0,4.0
Without a doubt, the best professor in the business school at Lehigh. Brings real life experience to the class room and challenges students on a 1-on-1 level. Not a class your going to sleep in. This teacher I will never forget!,5.0,3.0
Enjoys the sound of his own voice and loves talking about his clients all day (we're supposed to be impressed he's a consultant, evidently). Class is buzzword-heavy with little content. Fortunately he no longer teaches the course.,1.5,3.0
Perhaps he is a great businessman and marketer (which personally means that you are able to BS people into paying you for nothing) but he is not a good teacher. His classes were answering student questions - need to teach first before you ask questions!,2.5,2.0
ugh! this guy teaches just to hear himself talk about himself. not cool.,2.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Best professor I ever had,5.0,3.0
This course in general was a difficult one however his lectures were extremely fun. This specific courses was demanding and required lots of reading. Lectures slides are not detailed so be ready to write down everything he talks about. Gives detailed feedback and tells you exactly how he likes his answers and essays.,4.0,4.0
One of the best profs I've had yet. Crystal clear explanations, perfect course pacing, and a great sense of humour made him fun to listen to. He was always improvising all of these spontaneous metaphors..sometimes silly, but often brilliant too,5.0,2.0
He is the best prof. in my life.,5.0,1.0
Good prof. He explains everything well.,4.0,3.0
He expects you to know your stuff for the tests and exams but he does a very good job explaining the concepts.,5.0,2.0
good good,5.0,2.0
One of the best profs ever in both the biology and chemistry departments.,4.5,3.0
awesome prof., couldn't ask for anything more.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
Great prof, made lectures fun,4.5,2.0
Funny and enjoyable,4.0,1.0
Makes lectures very interesting and he's cute! Gave me my first 90%,5.0,2.0
He's a cool guy. Very easy to understand and makes lectures bareable,4.5,2.0
She is AMAZING will spend time explaining to u if needed !!!, very entertaining as well!1,5.0,2.0
Currently in her class for KINE 2P90 right now. She is very outgoing and interacting with the students. HER TESTS are mainly lecture oriented, so reading the textbook for studying isnt gonna work. However, I read the textbook before each lecture and it made it easier to understand what we learned. ALSO, she rambles, but I love it bc she's funny.,4.0,3.0
don't expect a response back to your emails.,1.0,4.0
I had Nota for kine 1P90 . One of the most common complaints I heard was her Greek accent. This can be a bit problematic but wasn't too bad for me. Nota was very caring and helpful during her office hours. She likes to test diagrams, study them.,5.0,4.0
great teacher!! really good at explaining concepts and is willing to help if you are confused about anything! provides students with lots of analogies which allows you to understand the course work a lot better!!,4.0,3.0
She is very enthusiastic about the course!! Really good at explaining content and her tests are very straight forward, no tricks! (as long as you go to class and study). She is hilarious and is always there to help! Just be prepared, she is greek and her accent can sometimes be a little hard to understand but you'll be fine! (got an 89%!),4.0,3.0
amazing, outgoing and hilarious. makes the class enjoyable and very easy to do well.,5.0,1.0
Excellent prof. very knowledgeable and makes difficult concepts easy to understand. She has a genuine interest in her students success, and loves teaching (very dynamic, passionate and funny).,4.5,4.0
Her lectures are boring, you can tell she hasn't really prepared for them as sometimes she tells you things that aren't even true. Her best advice she can give you before an exam/test: KNOW EVERYTHING. Her final focussed on the first unit when we werent even tested on the last three... avoid this course.,1.5,5.0
By far the worst prof ive had. She prides herself on not ever having an average above 60 (her words, not mine) Seems like she wants everyone to fail with how some of her test questions make no sense and have nothing to do with anything we are learning. Stay away if you want a good grade,2.0,4.0
Very knowledgeable, accent is sometimes problematic.,3.5,4.0
Set up an appointment to meet with her three times and she didn't show up for any of them!,2.0,4.0
Excellent professor that is very knowledgable. Shes hilarious and keeps lectures interesting.,5.0,3.0
At times she's a good prof, but mostly I got tired of her vacillating between condescension and maternalism. The course isn't hard, but some exam questions are silly or incomprehensible. Would also be okay if she was there more--how many guest lecturers can one course have?,3.0,3.0
HEY DO YOU SPEAK ENGLISH???,3.0,3.0
A great professor to talk to; she takes time to help with issues both academic and professional. Very knowledgable, and a great sense of humour when it comes to classes and lectures. Intimidating at first; really a great prof.,4.5,3.0
shes greek what else can i say :),5.0,3.0
I love this class. She is so funny and cute. Knows her stuff thats for sure,5.0,4.0
Excellent lecturing. Makes it exciting.,5.0,2.0
Terrible prof. She screwed everyone on marking. Gave 4 lectures all term. Tests contained material never covered in the readings or lecture, but things she 'thought we should know'.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
awesome proff, knows her stuff and will spend time with you untill you understand too. Not easy but very fair. Will help you out in a snap,5.0,2.0
Great comments!!!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,3.5,5.0
gotta love them short ladies, holy mama!,3.0,4.0
She's a little difficult to understand, but she knows her ****,3.5,3.0
doesn;t get much better than this,4.5,3.0
nice lady but hard to understand but funny,2.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
Class was better than 1P93,3.5,3.0
This class was (sadly) as expected. His reputation within KINE isn't good and it shows. Assignments were unclear. Dates for assignments not provided in syllabus. Uses outdated software (MATLAB) students cannot access. Lecture content is outdated relative to 4th year KINE. It is an elective so avoid this class.,1.0,4.0
Worst professor on Earth. WILL make you hate your life and impact your ability to graduate. Absolutely awful.,1.0,5.0
This professor did not put effort into making this class easier to understand. Course content did not match outlines he gave out, and he was not accommodating to students. When approached with concerns for students with learning disabilities, Professor Gabriel refused to give extensions and didn't offered any alternative solution. Avoid this prof!,1.0,5.0
I can honestly say i hated this course. Taking it online was not fun at all and I personally found the content to be extremely confusing and you really had to put in a lot of work to even understand it. Once I did understand it, I struggled to finish the midterm and exam on time and ended up doing poorly because of that. Bad course, prof was ok tho,2.0,5.0
4P10 is the class that makes or breaks you in Kin. Prof Gabriel explains things well & gives you the tools that you need to succeed but it's super important that you attend the lectures & do all of the practice problems. It's not so much about memorizing, it's more about understanding the process. Great guy, just don't expect him to hold your hand.,5.0,4.0
I was terrified for this, but I did pretty well bc I made sure to commit a WHOLE day per lecture to teach myself / do EVERY practice question provided. He's good at teaching, but is harsh & straight up. Take advantage of your TAS, they will help u if u ask. u will either do horrible or amazing no in between, its up to U. His exams are pretty fair.,3.0,4.0
Bad class taught by outdated professor. Dr. Gabriel's lectures are weak, finish when he wants to no matter the time period for this class, and he refuses to answer questions. Not willing to admit his mistakes in class. Brutal assignment. Final exam was brutal. No clear marking key or grading criteria used. TA not helpful.,1.0,5.0
If you choose one class to stay on top of make it 4P10. Its all math do drill the practice probs as much as you can.,1.0,5.0
not enough time to finish tests.... even if your smart you can do poorly in this class!,1.0,5.0
The final exam does not provide nearly enough TIME to critically apply any of the concepts attained in the course. As someone who takes a lot of pride in academia, I would go as far as saying that the final exam was a form of psychological abuse as it did nothing but create anxiety (not only during, but days after the exam).,1.0,5.0
Not helpful to students. Rude during my interactions with him. Talked to me as though I was still in high school and could not explain his own mistakes in class.,1.0,2.0
I enjoyed David Gabriel as a prof. The course is very challenging and stimulating, but overall I think he taught the class well and made the midterm, term assignment and final very fair.,3.0,4.0
appears friendly at first, tells a bunch of jokes and useless stories in class. Completely unhelpful and rude outside of lecture. Pulls out random questions on midterm and final and doesn't give you enough time to finish them. horrible prof,1.0,5.0
Lectures are funny, I'll give him that but he really screws people over on the midterms and exams. He pulls questions from way out of the box for the tests, which is fine if only he gave enough time to figure them out and think about them! Not enough assignments to distribute your mark and funny enough it was the only class without course eval,1.5,5.0
Funny guy in lectures but very different when you go and see him in his office. Will come up with questions that you have not been prepared for and won't give you enough time to complete them..,2.0,5.0
The Worst. 60% final made it too long to finish.,1.0,5.0
Hilarious, lectures are clear, and easy to learn from. he gives you the tools you will NEED and leaves the junk out...i wish every class was like this,5.0,3.0
Very entertaining, different outside of the lecture hall though.,3.5,4.0
DG - don't let anyone tell you your marks are too high. This course ROCKED! Always willing to help his students and a GREAT sense of humour!!!!!!!!!!!,5.0,1.0
WOW! I heard this was a hard course but apparently people think chewing gum and walking is tough. this was the easiest course I have ever taken I only showed up to 3 lectures and still got a 95. This was easier than the work my girlfriend had to do in teachers college. Any more courses like this and I can just skip med school and get an honorary MD,3.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
,5.0,1.0
Glad you enjoyed the thesis ED!!!!!!!,1.0,5.0
Holy crap this man is more than a barrel of monkey's. He is tall and dark just like batman.,5.0,4.0
Went into this class expecting it to be impossible and it was. Brutal lecturing style. Finishes when he wants not when the time of the class ends. Does not do any of his own marking and it shows. Unavailable to help students when needed even if they have a meeting.,1.0,5.0
Screwed you over for the final... pulls questions out of no where. Didnt like him at all. Assumes everyone can memorize well and gives way too much info to know!,2.0,4.0
this man will bend any student over and screw them. He's inflexible,never available& absolutely does not care about YOU or if you understand. If you dont test well, you are screwed, especially with mystery questions he pulls out of his rear and sticks on the exams. HE is a life ruiner and he sucks!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
The only words I can think of to describe him is idiot-savante. Yeah he's smart and can be funny, but all too often he's just an idiot. Could've completed the course in half the time--a few less stories!Fair? Almost 2/3 of your mark is the final exam. Hope you don't pick that day to be a bad one.,3.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Brutal. This man is very hard, and will nail you if you let him. Go to your lectures, because you can't do well if you don't. It is hard to love this man.,2.5,4.0
I melt everytime I come to his class. I'm not sure whether it's his hairline or 7 foot stature, but the moment he removes his wedding ring . . . . he's mine! He's Mr. GQ!,5.0,5.0
Great class! Hard but funny stories.Great personality - kinda cute,5.0,3.0
great prof with a class that is enjoyable, midterm was short on time, but fair. The warning was given pre exam. great teacher, very intelligent.,4.5,4.0
He is a charismatic person with some humourous stories but made it hard for people to do well because of his teaching methods. He's very smart, seemed to expect that everyone is naturally intelligent.,1.5,3.0
The best teacher ever with the best stories ever!,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
He is possibly the most un appraochable professor I have ever had. very rude,1.5,3.0
A good teacher who made biomechanics easier to understand,4.0,4.0
blah...better understanding before,1.0,1.0
His stories are awesome!,4.0,3.0
excellent professor, the best I've had at this school,4.5,3.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Awesome teacher! He made that class fun and easy to understand.,4.5,3.0
easy to understand,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Made class fun. Made me WANT to go to class,5.0,2.0
He was rad,4.0,3.0
He is not hard at all. Tests are open note. Hell give extra time on projects if needed. He really wants you to pass,5.0,1.0
One of the best professors I have had at Broome, I would highly recommend him to any student. His lectures are great, he uses many examples to explain a topic, he makes sure that all of his students understand the topic. He reviews the material on his tests and quizzes thoroughly beforehand. He is also a really funny guy, overall a great class.,5.0,2.0
He is one of the best.,5.0,1.0
I had Jerry for a majority of my law classes at SUNY Broome. He is hands down one of my favorite professors. There are not a lot of tests or homework. However, we did have multiple group projects- don't worry if that is not your thing, they were easy! And he gives you the option to do them alone. Would take another class! I will miss him next semes,5.0,1.0
Professor Loy is AMAZING!!! I signed up for his class by chance, and I'm so glad I got in. Normally his classes get filled up in a day. He is LOUD and YELLS, but not in a bad way. He does it to keep your attention. I laugh in every class. And I HATE Law, but he made me love it. If you can take him, TAKE IT. But I head online classes suck.,5.0,1.0
Jerry is a great professor. I had him for survey and I recommend him for every law class he teaches. He doesn't care if you come to class. "It's your class not mine". He drills the law into your head and his classes are very enjoyable. I recommend taking lots of notes because he lets you use them on the tests.,5.0,3.0
Great professor, really has an interest in the law and shares that with students. Does tend to go off-topic quite a bit, but always entertaining.,3.5,1.0
great guy,4.0,1.0
Jerry is an interesting teacher. he uses more real life fact patterns for his examples than from the book. He makes sure you understand the material before he moves on. Very sarcastic, dry sense of humor. Also very willing to help students.,4.5,2.0
I have been taking his online law and I must say I really enjoy it. It is probably my favorite class.,4.5,2.0
I enjoyed the classes I took with Jerry. He is interesting laid back and makes pretty dry material quiet interesting. I give him and A+.,5.0,1.0
If you pay attention and attend class you will learn and get a good grade! Prof. Loy kept my attention the whole time; which isn't easy to do! I would suggest him to anyone!,4.5,3.0
Seems to be a love-him-or-hate-him guy.. personally, I loved him. Definitely knows his stuff, uses lots of random stories and examples but that makes it much more memorable.,4.5,4.0
Tries to be everybody's friend. He should be more of a teacher and less of a kid.,1.0,1.0
He is a good teacher, he will help you when you ask him. He dresses well and has a swell personality, I would recommend him to other students.,4.5,2.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
Okay guy, kind of cool, but he is another one who is never around when you need to talk to him. He is funny, but not must below the surface. Can be very arrogant guy sometimes.,1.0,4.0
Great teacher, knows what hes talking about. Highly recomended.,5.0,2.0
Loy could stand to ease up on the theatrics and just teach. I've actually gotten a blatant cold shoulder from him during class...while trying to ask a serious question pertaining to class...on several occasions...and other students noticed and verified. Yes, I like a funny teacher or whatever, but I'm here to learn to cover my ass a bit in the business world ahead. If I was so starved for stage antics to the degree that he provides, I'd hang out with the theatre screwballs and not the Young Republicans.,4.0,1.0
Loy is by far the best teacher I have had at BCC. He makes his classes fun, and gives examples that are easy to remember. I find myself comparing all of my other teachers to him, and none of them measure up. He takes a sincere interest in his students and is willing to help them if their issues are law related or not.,5.0,3.0
He used to be a great teacher, but not any more.,1.0,1.0
Keeps things very interesting.,5.0,2.0
loy you rock,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
He is never at BCC so you won't find him if you need anything. He skips class a lot. He is really easy because he does not care about teaching or the class or the student.,1.5,1.0
makes sure each individual person knows what is going on, makes seemingly boring stuff interesting and funny,5.0,3.0
Out of control guy! Class is fun and exciting and upbeat! I learned alot too! You go boi! Keep up the good work!,4.0,3.0
Wow. He's wonderful,and mad hot. I have learned more from this one man then any other professors so far. Loy will fill your mined with information that you can use in any walk of life. Most importantly, he is always one of your biggest supporters.,5.0,3.0
If you don't think that Prof. Loy is one of the best professors on campus you don't have a pulse and I don't think anyone could satisfy you. Wake up!,5.0,2.0
One of the best professors I've ever had. Will not go onto new material until everyone is on board. Has a total passion for what he teaches.,5.0,2.0
Nice wardrobe. Does not care about teaching students anything. Tells funny stories.,2.0,2.0
More concerned with being "on stage" in the classroom than teaching.,1.5,1.0
have so much more to say..but after 30 years have passed Dr Firshings class is the only one I wish I could take again (of the 60). He doesn't seem to offer the class I took( upper level philosophy) but one thing everyone gained in his class was critical thinking skills.,5.0,4.0
Be ready to listen to lectures day in and day out. You know everyday what to expect in class..... him talk. Super easy homeworks though and he offers extra credit. Take it if you have to but be prepared for LONG LECTURES.,2.0,1.0
His online classes are kind of terrible. His writing assignments are vague and the readings are so boring. I had a hard time understanding what was expected of me, and the way he set up his Blackboard class is a nightmare to navigate. He seems to be well reviewed in-person, but steer clear of asynchronous classes.,2.0,4.0
Very interesting material and a great professor who is extremely knowledgeable. The best part was having no tests. He expects you to read the material assigned. Definitely doesnt tolerate students not speaking up in class. Recommend.,5.0,3.0
Firschings almost cold monotonous and no-nonsense voice can be a little off putting at first, but hes actually a very knowledgeable and caring professor in practice. Do the reading prior to and participate in class and youll learn a lot and do the essays well, which he is very generous with grading as long as you do everything on time.,5.0,2.0
Great teacher, great class. I actually enjoy the slight humor as well, it's appropriate for the time and place. Would recommend.,5.0,2.0
Homework was very easy; if it's done on time, you're almost ensured a 100 on it. No tests whatsoever, not even a final. Lots and lots of opportunities for extra credit. YOU NEED NEED NEED THE TEXTBOOKS. Don't recommend taking one of his classes in the morning, however; his lectures are very monotone and he looks for lots of participation.,4.0,1.0
He refers to the books a lot during lecture time. He shows videos, and he is organized. He assigns a ch. to read for a week then the next week he asks questions about the reading to guide us. And he would lecture along. You do the reading then you can participate in class discussion, and it will just be review, and fun. He's also a nice grader.,5.0,2.0
Very smart man. Not having tests are nice. However, he is a harsh grader and not very approachable. His seriousness makes you think twice before asking him questions or help. You need to know your material to be prepared to answer his questions. He had gotten impatient with my class since no one did and dismissed early.,3.0,2.0
Very dry sense of humor. Lectures every class. Very nice man, seems to really care about the students. very long classes if you aren't big on lectures.,3.0,3.0
It shouldn't take too long to notice that Prof Firsching is clearly very well read. I learned a lot from him and the reading requirements. The general "discuss" topic essays are really straight forward and he gives good leads for whatever topic you do the research paper on. The material was interesting and the class was definitely worth taking.,4.5,2.0
This class is the most boring thing I have ever experienced. There is a weekly homework assignment and 3 essays. If try to get an A and are unsuccessful you are not meant for college. You are allowed resubmission's on your essays and are able to skip some of the weekly assignments. The only difficulty is making yourself go to class.,3.0,1.0
No tests are nice but the man is so boring. I had to force myself to go to class. There are 3 essays, a small presentation and a research paper. Its a lot of work for a gen ed. That being said he always lets you revise your work and resubmit. I have no excuse for not getting an A+. Bring a pillow if you do take him,2.5,3.0
I think that he is a good professor. The material that he presents is interesting. Expects you to at speak up during class. Group talks he sets up are useful in discussing the material. As long as you do the papers and the projects you should be fine in the course.,4.5,3.0
You have to do the work in Dr. Firsching's class. He is no-nonsense, but will crack a joke every once in a while with his dry sense of humor. If you work hard, it will reflect in your grade. He's tough, but I found him to be reasonable in his expectations. He is certainly knowledgeable of the material.,3.0,4.0
Honestly a cool professor. No tests or quizes, just get the essays done and you'll pass. Just make sure you show up and are ready to pay attention.,3.5,1.0
Knowledgeable professor who makes his classes interesting although a bit boring sometimes. Has many extra credit opportunities so his students can succeed. No tests or homework just 3 essay questions, one research paper, and presentation. Feedback on your papers are helpful as well. Recommend taking a class with him.,4.5,3.0
professor is very knowlegable and approachable. the material and his voice can get boring sometimes but very interesting. a bit of a hard grader. sometimes would watch DVD documenteries and always give handouts to help us understand the material better. overall would recommend this guy and any of his classes.,4.5,3.0
This Professor was great. If you participated, showed up class, did the homework, and essays and did the extra credit you will be fine. He is not boring, the material is but the Professor was knowledgeable and approachable, I would take another class with him.,5.0,1.0
I have no idea what everyone is complaining over. I never read much of the book and I still managed to get an A in the course. Just make sure you do the required work and you should be able to pass his class. I would definitely take another class with him!,5.0,1.0
one of the best professors broome has to offer. really knows his stuff. very willing to help you out on your assignments. very well organized with teaching and is very well imformative. totally recommend his courses.,4.5,2.0
Professor is extremely boring. Mostly do the same thing every class. Material is dry. Easy homework assignments. One paper. Which you do a rough draft and correct it and resubmit it. Attendance is mandatory. But overall an easy class.,3.0,2.0
He's a nice guy and a good teacher as long as you are respectful and and stick to the due dates. He expects you to have at least read the material before class. If you take it seriously, you can pass with an A, but you have to put the effort into it. He gives a lot of extra credit to help though. If you're looking for a easy,fun class, then sorry.,5.0,2.0
I can't believe I'm taking his class again - SO BORING! It's easy, but it's so incredibly dry. He also got mad at our class and ended it early because no one was answering his questions.,4.0,2.0
The class isn't exactly riveting but hes a good teacher. If you need this class to graduate like I do, I would recommend him. he makes jokes every once and a while and he does his best to make it interesting but take the material into consideration before you worry about it being boring. YOU NEED ALL OF THE BOOKS! you use all 3 it says you need!,4.0,3.0
This class was soooo easy! Only 2 essays, 1 project, and weekly worksheets. He gave so many opportunities for extra credit too. However, it was pretty boring.,4.0,1.0
i'm a history major and he made this class so boring for me. he focuses on the history of food instead of actual history. EVERYTHING comes from the text book. plus the other 2 books he makes you read. if you dont read your screwed because he bases everything off the books and text book and DVD. hated the class...and im a history major,2.5,4.0
Few assignments. Tough grader. Oppurtunity to hand in early and revise, but didn't usually help. Doesn't use his E-mail or Phone, making it very difficult to get help.,2.0,4.0
This guy is legitametly the overall man. His work is not to hard at all, yet it is enough work to where you can still learn. He is extremely laid back, and just a nice man. The work is simple worksheets, and you can easily get by the whole semester without needing to buy the book. 10/10 rating!!!,3.5,1.0
Took part 2 of West and the World and it was a boring class overall but he explains all the material fully and clearly. You will pass this class if you do the assigned work which isn't much at all. Very reasonable teacher.,4.5,1.0
Nice guy; very laid back and accommodating. No need to be stressed in this class. Lectures were a bit boring. Grades consisted of mainly easy book worksheets and a few essays. No tests, which was a relief. Be nice and keep up with the reading/worksheets and you're good to go.,4.0,1.0
nice guy. easy class, no tests, very accomadating and lienant with deadlines. didnt even need to try hard in that class at all. easy A.,3.5,1.0
Too many books to read; boring lectures; boring discussions. I died in class each morning as the lecture dragged on with his monotone voice and vacant facial expressions. Quite depressing! Focused on the everyday unfortunate occurrences too much. I spilled my coffee once in that class and that was about the most exciting thing all semester. Easy A.,2.0,1.0
Very detatched. Dull class. Teaches from the book, makes him kind of useless.,2.5,2.0
He was pretty decent. He's a bit of a strange man, but gives a pretty decent class. I won't say he's the best, as he's not, but he's surely not bad at all. It's just, nothing stands out about his course, so it can be boring. He's an easy grader, so if you do your work and show up, you pass with flying colors.,4.0,1.0
Great professor! Been away from school, and the US for years...But, glad to see he is still there, making a positive impact. Highly recommend his courses. They are well planned and extremely informative. You will leave with far more than you paid for.,5.0,4.0
Knows his stuff, not very personable, but isn't mean. Class was real easy, no tests, just a couple papers and some homework a few times a month. I recommend,4.0,1.0
This guy is simple, funny, and he practically does the work for you, but you DO learn. No exams. Potential for up to 10% of your final grade in extra credit projects. This guy is awesome!,5.0,1.0
I harbored concern, and in retrospect, possibly well founded concern, that I would not have been able to receive, and now I am not sure that I did receive, a "detached" teaching of the historical account(s) of the genocide in Germany during WW2 from a jewish teacher. He certainly spoke factually, but bias has a funny way of "bending" facts. That being said, go ahead and take him as he is a good teacher, but watch for bias, and ask lots of questions. Smart guy.,3.5,1.0
Was in his Hitler & the Nazi Dictatorship 10 years ago. He is a very nice man and highly intelligent. Class was extremely interesting, and even more so because of his level of knowledge on the subject. Have always remembered him and highly recommend his classes.,5.0,3.0
I took West and the world I with him and now am in West in the World II with him. He is an awesome guy. I got an A last semester and expect one this semester too. He grades really easy. Just do the work.,5.0,1.0
Very easy class. He is very informative and very nice. Offers a truly ridiculous amount of extra credit. His intelligence and easygoingness allow students to pick there level of participation.,4.0,1.0
A lot of work, so you have to keep up.He's very kind and understanding, will work with you and help you.A very knowledgable professor!Fair with grading.If you go to class and add your thoughts it'll help you-he really appreciates that.Put effort into projects and you'll do well.A great teacher!,4.5,3.0
Before this class,I thought i would get a c average cuz history is boring. This guy makes it soooo easy and has sooo much extra credit its not even funny. No tests either.,5.0,1.0
He is pretty boring, but the work is easy. there is a lot of work but if you keep up with it it is ok b/c it is super easy...he is pretty fair with his grading also....,3.0,2.0
Boring!!!,1.0,1.0
Class was a bit hard maybe it would be easier in person but she was nice that being said I prefer taking psychology in person.,3.0,4.0
Absolutely dreaded this class. Tough grading, either you get a 0 or 100, no in between. Also, if you do not have a MacBook you cannot do SNIFFY. I learned that the hard way and that is what resulted in me failing this course. Professor Rossi is also very little help to her students. Make sure you read everything and dont take class unless needed.,1.0,5.0
If I could have given a 0 I would have done so gladly. This professor was one of the hardest professors I have ever had and her directions are very unclear. She expects you to do everything and even when you do what is supposed to be done, she gives a 0. I absolutely dread taking this class! Do not recommend at all because it's a waste of time.,1.0,5.0
Read the fine print. Weekly discussions require original post on a different day of the week than responses and at least 250 words or you get a zero. Write more than 250 words and use evidence when possible, and you'll do great. There's weekly unlimited attempt quizzes, and she's easy to contact with questions and accepts feedback.,4.0,2.0
I had professor Rossi for a class that is Learning and Behavior (tough class), you either get a 100 or a zero, so make sure that you follow the instructions as well as post ON TIME! I also had professor Rossi for my internship class, it's like day and night difference. She is so nice in person, and helpful. If you are able to, take in person.,4.0,5.0
Professor Rossi was a very harsh grader and doesn't go out of the way to help students. Any time I would message her for help or a question it would feel like she just didn't want to deal with it and often sounds very disrespectful. Would not take any other class with her and this class was awfully hard for no reason. Directions were never clear.,1.0,5.0
Professor Rossi was very helpful for the internship class.,5.0,1.0
I would not recommend Professor Rossi. I have a 3.8 gpa I do my work and work hard as well. She is rude and her lack of compassion or understanding is extremely irritating. She is not accommodating in the slightest and if you ask for help prepare yourself to be insulted and degraded for asking. I would suggest avoiding her class all together.,1.0,5.0
This class was difficult at first, especially because it is online. The requirements are STRICT!,1.0,5.0
This professor goes out of her way to make this class ridiculously hard. She is not available for help and was insulting and condescending when I asked questions. I graduated with high honors, so this is not sour grapes. Prof Rossi is not concerned with helping her students succeed. Avoid if at all possible.,1.0,5.0
Her grading criteria is clear but if you don't follow them to the T she gives you no credit at all. Participation is a huge part of your grade so be prepared to participate lots. She does give a lot of extra credit and provides you with many resources to succeed and is easily reachable. A lot of projects and a tough grader.,4.0,4.0
I adore her! I wish the class could have finished out the way it was meant but but she did a great job keeping us informed. Amazing professor! Tough though ;),5.0,3.0
If you have taken her for other courses & formed an opinion on her already.. Go in blank slate. She genuinely wants to see you do your best in your internship and the future. Just do your work on time and as she asks you to do it!!,5.0,2.0
Professor Rossi is a tough grader. She gives no partial credit. You either get a 0 or 100, you can make up lost points with her several extra credit opportunities though. The work isnt hard but can be long must put the effort in if you want a good grade. After a few discussions you get the hang of her grading and what she expects.,3.0,3.0
Her grading style is so unreasonable. For example; my first discussion question, I answered and she asked me to try again, so I did. Also, replied to two other people like she asked. But she gave me a 0/25. Not even a single point for ANYTHING that I took the time to do! I received many zeros from her... NO partial credit!,1.0,4.0
Overall, the expectations are high, but clear. Check in, post, and respond when told & by the dates given, and you'll make out just fine. Projects were fun! Midterm and final were written, short responses.,4.0,4.0
Lots of reading. Wasnt a fan of how the course was set up online. Wouldnt recommend if its your first online course.,3.0,4.0
I heard a lot of scary stories about this professor, but she was not that bad at all. It's correct that she does not give partial credit and can be a hard grader, but she does give you chances to gain extra credit. Do not turn things in late and make sure you are very thorough and detailed in your responses and you will be ok.,3.0,4.0
She is a super tough grader. She gives no partial credit.,1.0,3.0
While I enjoyed the content of the class, Professor Rossis grading style is unbelievably unreasonable. She does not give partial credit. She grades based on her opinion. She does not give a reasonable amount of time to finish work. She doesnt offer helpful feedback. The course material is not very challenging, but it is very time consuming.,1.0,3.0
Gives a lot of opportunities to get extra cred, I didn't do a 75 point assignment and still got an A!! Don't procrastinate on Sniffy and pay attention to due dates and you'll be fine. The powell book is amazing and easy to understand. As long as you complete work on time you can get an A. Check disc's often! Requires some time but not a hard class.,5.0,2.0
She's been the worst teacher by far in all of my schooling. She expects everyone to understand how online classes work right away, gives you a zero if you don't word it the way she likes it, acts like it's the only class we have and switches up directions to what fits her agenda best. Hated every minute. Turned me off of psych. AVIOD AT ALL COSTS!,1.0,4.0
I am not even halfway through this semester and i DREAD this class every single day. SO MUCH WORK, if you answer question clearly and correctly but you miss one little thing, thats it ZERO credit. Her expectations are really high. I hate this class, i do not recommend, it is not worth the stress and anxiety.,2.0,5.0
A 3.6 is being generous if you ask me. Only just started her class and I can tell it is going to be a long semester.,1.0,3.0
She is very difficult, you must spend a lot of time doing her work online. The work is not hard if you know your stuff, its just how much she asks for. If you do not answer within the right dates or answer it the way she wants it to be answered you WILL get a 0. She doesn't give partial credit AT ALL!!,2.0,4.0
Even though it's online class, you need to spend an overwhelming amount of time on this class. None of it is overly hard, it's just all time consuming. I'm spending like 9-10 hours a week on this class alone. If you leave one thing out in the discussions or anything like that you get a zero. Sniffy is really easy, but takes a lot of time!,2.0,5.0
Not helpful.,1.0,5.0
Professor Rossi is a tough teacher, but one that I respected. She is helping her students prepare for professional life and life is tough. Her class was interesting and her assignments must be done per her instructions or you get a zero. This is to help her students be better professionals. I wish more teachers were a tough as she is.,4.0,4.0
She was a nice professor in the classroom. Most of the time was there to help if you had questions about the internship. The internship process may be a little stressful, but I think if you sit back and be patient everything will work out. Had a lot of fun during my internship! Would take again!,5.0,4.0
She was pretty good with this course. I wouldn't recommend taking it in the winter and that was a mistake. The course itself was very demanding and you had to work extremely hard to get a solid grade. The final exam was probably the toughest part of the course. Sniffy the rat was pointless and annoying after awhile. Not highly recommended.,4.0,4.0
Prof. Rossi obviously loves teaching psychology. Even though it was an online class I found her to be very engaged, which made me feel like my tuition money was well spent. This should definitely be a 4 unit class because there's a lot of work involved. It's the most demanding class I've ever had. There's no way to study for tests either.,3.0,4.0
The teacher is nice, but the internship situation stressed me out. Their arent enough internships for everybody and she expects you to compete for a spot. You don't get to chose your own internship either. And you have to interview with whomever if they ever call you back! My advice would just be to change to individual studies and not stress.,1.5,5.0
Oh Yeah, tough class, but she's awesome! She's available to help but you have to ask. If you want a great course on psychology and learning, she's the one to take it with. Not an easy A. I had to work for it. Hey, it's college.,5.0,4.0
Professor Rossi was faculty supervisor for my internship. I was nervous about doing an internship. She taught the seminar and set us up for internships in a helpful way. She wanted student feedback on internship experiences and gave me support when I had doubts about how I was doing. She was a role model for me personally and professionally.,4.5,4.0
Their was a good amount of reading, but thag mag have been because I took the class online. Everything was pretty straight forward, just always be on time or you don't get credit for an assignment. But she did give out double points periodically which did help. The midterm and final exam were kind of challenging to and their was no way to study.,3.0,3.0
I took her online class Learning and Behavior over this summer. I dreaded this class after the first week. I knew with it being a summer course it was going to be a little more then normal fallspring classes but this was so much work! There is no partial credit and Sniffy the Rat was beyond pointless. The readings were very boring as well,2.5,4.0
Learning and Behavior is the hardest class I have taken at Suny Broome so far. It is so much work even though it is an online class. I regret ever signing up for it. Sniffy the Rat is unnecessary and her grading is very tough. No partial credit or extra credit. She is also very one sided so it is better to just agree with her.,3.0,4.0
Prof. Rossi is terrible. She is closed-minded and not helpful at all. She has even mocked students in online discussions for having the wrong answers. Do not take her course!,1.0,5.0
i took ms rossi course online and my advise is do not take her!.. i find that she has no compassion and it seems like she is too mechanical...yes she is well organize but she makes you work really hard for a good grade. i dont think she looks at people feelings...she is very difficult!,2.0,4.0
i had dr rossi for psy 245 several years ago. she has a NPD and does not get along well w/any 1 who has any disabilities. she is an easy grader but keep your distance from her personality. she tries to find weaknesses in people and hurt them w/it. just do the hw and if you need any help, go to the tutoring center and try to find a tutor.,2.0,1.0
Professor Rossi does not teach PSY 245. You must have her confused with another professor at another school. She teaches PSY 227 Psychology of Learning and Behavior. Awesome course!,5.0,5.0
Best online class ever! Professor Rossi was extremely involved and offered a lot of feedback. Expectations were very clear and grading was fair. Make sure you participate in all discussions on time. Overall very organized and thorough.,5.0,3.0
Took this course on-line. It's difficult and a lot of work for an elective (for Nursing). But Professor Rossi is organized, clear and available to help both online and on campus. I recommend you meet with her if you get stuck with Sniffy. I learned alot. I recommend the course and the professor highly.,5.0,4.0
Took the course in the summer and it was a lot of work for 8 weeks, but I'd say it was worth it. Learned a lot! Tough grader, but fair. I had to go to her office for help with the rat we had to train and she was helpful and willing to meet with me more than once. I think her course would be cool in the classroom, too. No extra credit is 2 bad.,5.0,4.0
A very organized course. One of the best on-line courses I've taken at BCC. A lot of work though but Professor Rossi was right there with us. BTW: I think some of you talking about this professor teaching PSY 245 must have the wrong professor. She only does PSY 227.,5.0,4.0
I'm actually still in the middle of taking this class, so my final grade won't effect my rating. I have to say professor Rossi is awesome. Best online class I've taken. I bought the wrong book for the sniffy rat project and instead of making me buy the new one she worked with me and picked exercises that corresponded with my book. VERY UNDERSTANDIN,5.0,2.0
OK. She makes you work for your grade, but I never learned so much in 15 weeks. I appreciated her support and encouragement. She is a role model for me. Taught me how to think and write about psych. My only gripe is that she expected assignments to be done over break in an online course, but we did get breaks in other ways. Overall, highly re,4.5,4.0
Definitely a challenging course. I see others have said that, but Prof is one of the most clear and interactive in an on-line course that I've taken. If you ask questions, she is helpful and directive. I learned alot about this area of psychology and she was also helpful with the technology bumps I hit. High recommendation from me.,5.0,4.0
Took her class online and no matter how hard you work on your discussion post, how thorough you make it, or how many people you respond to it's never good enough. Definitely not recommended.,1.5,5.0
AWESOME Professor! AWESOME person! Tough, yea, but helps in and out of class. I started going to her office hours because it was like an exttra class and you could see she was happy to have students drop in. She rocks!!!,5.0,4.0
Excellent, be tuned in to her on line class and you will learn a ton. If you are not concientious, forget it.,5.0,4.0
Profesor Rossi is my advisor and teacher. I think she's awesome! She's definitely tough as a teacher but says she meets you half way and does. Always in her office when I needed to ask questions about anything! She made a hard course really interesting. Her reputation is as a tough professor. Learned lot in the class and suggest it to others.,5.0,3.0
One of the fairest and most challenging professors at this school. Thoroughly enjoyed the course and her ability to teach it. She knows her subject and has helped me appreciate psych more. (BTW: To my knowledge she doesn't teach PSY 245 so I'm wondering if the student who rated her for that course has the right prof??) I recommend this prof!,5.0,4.0
Dr Rossi is a very easy teacher w/grades but very difficult to get along wtih. she likes any 1 who does not ask her any questions and looks for reasons to insult you. the best thing to do is make sure you do the assigned homework. show her you are smart and tactful. dont give her a chance to insult you and you will be fine.,2.5,1.0
Great course! Took it as an elective for Speech Pathology degree at SUNY Cortland. My advisor recommended the course and professor. Fair grading. Lots of work though. Professor very accessible and willing to help. Knows her stuff and takes no guff!,5.0,5.0
A professor with high standards, but helps students achieve them. Her on-line course is one of the hardest courses to take in terms of subject matter and course assignments. We trained a virtual rat! Hard but a great learning experience. She does not offer extra credit and is quite surprised when students ask for it. Do the work! Worth it!,4.5,5.0
I'm taking her class online. I asked a question and her response was rather rude. I'm thinking about dropping the class. She's very unclear about directions.She doesn't help when you ask for it. Very frusterating because she should want to help. I can take constructive critisism but she goes far beyond. Do not suggest her esp. for an online class.,1.5,4.0
rossi is hard to work with. took her online. she will not admit a flaw or that she made a mistake. she will not take any questions about grading seriously, then she will answer you and re-state the same answer. She is very petty and overall not easy to work with. Not very willing to help when asked and refused a way to make up points.,2.0,3.0
So far so good, Easy to deal with and willing to help when she can.,5.0,2.0
She is very easy to follow and her tests are not bad at all. I liked her however I did not like that 15 page research paper that I had to do. It was a whammy, especially for my first semester of college! She did not grade it very harshly though so that helped my grade a bit. :),5.0,2.0
I think she is a great teacher. I would take her again. If you do the work, you should have no problems. She is always willing to answer questions and be very helpful. I agree that the people who do not like her don't enjoy a challenging class.She is there to teach not fool around like many of the teachers at this school.,5.0,4.0
took her in an online class. Not very easy to work with. If you ask a question about her corrections on your papers, she will just repeat what she already said and expect you to look harder or deeper into what she said before. Not easy to get along with. I managed a B,2.5,3.0
I got an A in her class with minimum effort. Just pay attention, do the work and you shouldn't have any problems. She's nice and friendly. I think she's also a bit shy and misunderstood. Any negative posts are from lazy students who just don't want to be in class.,4.5,3.0
She is horrible! Run from her, and don't turn back. God forbid you disagree with her, you will fail! Also, if you disagree with her, don't ever expecty a job at BCC. She will make sure it will never happen. She hsould have been canned long ago. She's an egotistical Romulan dictator.,1.0,5.0
she is very hard teacher. strict with grades. she is a very nice person but if phyc is not your thing, get a different teacher.,3.0,5.0
This is an awesome prof and person! Another prof once commented that Bob is always excited to see students, very respectable as a prof in that way. He is an expert in spectroscopy. His course covers essential topics in the subject with great width and good logical consistency (difficult for a 2nd-year course in spects). He scales up marks a lot.,5.0,1.0
Course is somewhat difficult, but he certainly knows his stuff. This is a good thing and a bad thing. Good - able to articulate what we need to know and understand. Bad - sometimes speaks at level that we don't quite understand. Very willing and extremely helpful if you go to him outside of class with questions. Very fair in assignments and tests.,4.5,4.0
I'm taking the course right now. Pretty much all has been said. It's pretty difficult to read his writing and if you don't pay attention, you can get lost pretty easily. Lecture notes you buy look hard to read, but its not so read that for supplementary. I haven't used the text yet either. Other than that, he is a wonderful prof and loves questions,3.5,4.0
Sure, he may be a little difficult to understand, but that's because the course material takes a while to grasp. He is always willing to help anyone outside of class, and his tests are fair. Super cool guy.,4.0,2.0
He's really good, some people don't like him but don't listen to them, make your own opinion... he's passionate about what he teaches,3.5,4.0
He is an awesome prof! Exams and problem sets are fair and he welcomes everyone whoever has questions. (Although you do need to do the question yourself before you go ask him).,5.0,4.0
Yes, his handwriting is hard to read, but he is an awesome prof. His lecture notes were well organized (I didn't have to use the textbook at all) and his is super helpful outside of class. The assignments, the midterm and the final exam were all fair - maybe a bit on the difficult side. (This was a special topics course on molecular spectroscopy.),4.0,3.0
This man would help me day and night to understand the material in his class. You can go to his office and ask him anything. Sure he may have not so nice hand writting, but get over it! Great guy and prof!,3.5,4.0
His writing is extremely hard to read. All your focus and concentration is directed to figuring out what he is writing, so you miss out on what he is trying to explain, which isnt explained very well either. If stuck in his section i suggest printing off another professor's course notes and have a friend in that class to inform you on announcements,2.0,5.0
one of the best profs I ve had. totally approachable and very helpful. Dont listen to the whinny ****es below me.,4.5,3.0
He may be really smart and a good researcher, but his teaching is really bad. The textbook was the only source for chem knowledge for me.,2.0,3.0
LeRoy is an awesome prof! All the examples that he gave un in class were in midterm!! His writting is painful but i liked his class,5.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
An awsome prof. very hard to read writing becuase he doesnt put his hand down on the overhead so sit pretty damn close. Its cool having a prof u read about in grade 12 chem.,4.0,2.0
Le Roy is plain awful at teaching. He doesnt care about students or what they have to say, he just cares about the radius he came up a half billion years ago and is named after him. Very Unclear!,1.5,4.0
Amazing and world respected Prof who's known the material before I was born. Great examples and ties to theory and experiment. He may not be a flashy and entertaining guy, but he was always approachable during his office hours, and he's a great guy.,5.0,2.0
This professor turned me and my 6 friends from really enjoying chemistry to hating class with him every morning. The class average on his sections tests were always lower than all the other professors and I reccomend that if you have him as a professor, attend his classes and the classes of another professor.,1.0,5.0
An excellent proffesor. It was an honour and a privilege to be taught by Mr. Le Roy. Its not often that a world-respected researcher takes time to teach first year classes, but that just shows you his committment to teaching.,5.0,1.0
GREAT!!!!!!,5.0,1.0
^%$%^*^%^^&#%$%#%^&%#$%^$# If you can read that you'll do fine.,2.0,5.0
retarded writing, i sat near the front and i couldn't read his notes, we guessed and then checked. (my vision is 20/60), rely on book and old tests, his notes are on theoretical garbage that won't help you all that much in the final.,1.5,4.0
Worst prof ever. He knows what he's talking about but it should be illegal for the man to hold a pen in his hand. It's like murder trying to figure out what he's writing. Attempting to figure out what he's talking about isn't much easier.,1.5,4.0
He is rediculas when he does something wrong he tells the class to figure it out cause he can't!!,1.0,5.0
He is not very clear when he speaks. Very monotone. Doesn't explain what he's teaching properly. The transparencies do not help at all.,1.0,5.0
Not a strict or mean-spirit professor, but one that could greatly benefit from improved communication abilities. His writing is downright awful and is maybe 40% legible on a good day. That alone makes it very difficult to follow what is going on.,2.0,3.0
The man knows what he is talking about, problem is, only he knows what he is talking about. If you get stuck with this monster, go to Bissonnette's lec's, he's much better at explaining. His writing is illegible, too. He should just stick to pure research.,1.5,3.0
Written notes are a little bit illegible, but otherwise good.,4.0,2.0
Makes notes available beforehand and lets you fill in the empty spaces during lecture...that is, if you can read what he is writing on the overhead. Very difficult to read his writing and scribbles.,2.5,4.0
He's great because you can print his course notes off the net, and there's spots left for examples, then you never have to worry about seeing things. And, you know what material you're covering the next day for class (and how awake you'll have to be),5.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Patient, always ready to help,4.5,2.0
Patient, always ready to help.,1.5,4.0
intreging lectures, but not enough practice questions... makes it hard to study for tests,5.0,4.0
dont worry people in winter 2004 he aint techin this class,3.0,3.0
I survived this course, here's some advice - you'll fail both midterms, but hang in there because the final class average is always reasonable, hardly anyone fails, as long as you put in the effort. Easy final, you can pass it.,1.5,4.0
His notes are ugly...annoying to read. He made the mid terms too hard and most of the class failed. class avg for both mid terms was like 36% or something in winter 2002. I know people who just didn't write the final because they had no confidence after.,1.0,5.0
Hard to understand because he's so smart and you can never see his notes (and he takes them off WAY too fast!) Make the effort to go see him for extra help - this makes a world of difference. Jake Fisher was also a huge help for 1 on 1.,3.0,5.0
His notes are horrible! There aren't any practice questions to do, and there's no textbook. And he spends his lectures rambling and just assumes we know everything! AGH!!,1.0,5.0
Personally a nice guy.But that's it!!! His notes are beyond many, and at times incomplete, should do the big R..,3.0,5.0
Good prof... hard courses but he's very helpful and knowledgeable ... i learned why the sky is blue!!! =),3.5,4.0
Le Roy is an awesome prof!,5.0,3.0
Midterm averages were 40% and 33%. Expected to know third year material in first year.,3.0,5.0
Test the took 3 hours to finish in a 50 min slot. Need I say more!,1.0,5.0
bad lecturer, great with extra help though,3.5,4.0
Spec is distilled evil, and his midterms are worse. Not a bad exam though.,4.0,4.0
Great prof, always available if you are confused. Great job of explaining stuff,4.5,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,3.0,4.0
notes are impossible to read. tests and exam are extremely difficult.,2.5,5.0
No Comments,2.5,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Spec is hard to begin with...his tests dont help!,3.0,5.0
good intentions but expects way too much from us,,1.0,5.0
Loves Chem too much, too hard on students, insane midterms!!!,1.5,5.0
Very Smart but too hard on students, expectations way too high,1.0,5.0
No Comments,2.5,5.0
geniuses can't teach... spec is HARD but it could be easier than it is with him,1.5,5.0
This guy is killing our course, bring back Bill Power for the love of god!,1.5,5.0
You have to be a genius to understand a small portion of what he's saying,1.0,5.0
He covers things too fast in class, and is very smart, but a lousy teacher.,1.5,5.0
Nice, willing to explain things if approached, spect is hard,3.5,5.0
Very smart man but can't teach,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
gives out tooooo much information,3.5,5.0
he tried to scare us at the beginning, but a good prof afterwards.,4.0,4.0
Went to every class and know less about spec than when I started, but a nice man,1.5,5.0
His class is super easy. You must attend class though. Every now and then he will lecture and those days are EXTREMELY boring! You must do all the online work or you will fail. His midterm and final are open book. He give no tests and his quizes are one question.,4.0,1.0
I don't know how this guy teaches classes at the times that he does and still has a good attitude. His class is super easy, but it will get tedious just to go to class, especially when you get done with all of the computer work.,4.0,1.0
If u fail his class....Y are u in college....I mean really....If u fail u should drop out and do a trade...His class is to easy,5.0,1.0
I enjoyed his class. It was an easy A and I thought he was great!,5.0,1.0
Great professor!,5.0,1.0
Prof Croteau likes to brag about himself and tell stories more than he likes to lecture, BUT he is very helpful inside and outside of class, he does the assignments along with you in class so that if you are having a problem you can watch what he is doing on the computer to help you along. Exams are take home!!! An A in this class is assured!,4.5,1.0
good,5.0,1.0
He was real helpful during summer school for 150. I don't know how he is during the year but he was real good in summer school. A very understanding person.,4.0,2.0
I put "CS" as I had this guy for several different courses; way too many than what that form field will allow. Regardless, Croteau is a man who has lived a very fulfilled and interesting life or he's absolutely full of crap. I'm leaning towards the latter, quite honestly. Nevertheless, his classes are somewhat difficult and he's somewhat helpful. Lectures don't count for much, but if you want to find answers to his exams use Google...Trust me on that. We found whole exams he'd copied.,3.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
great guy,5.0,1.0
I did not like this class at all!!!!,1.5,3.0
some of the homeworks took forever to do but i worked hard and got the grade i wanted. he's really nice and always remember to check his website for assignments,4.5,3.0
very easy. Easy A. Just do all assignments,5.0,1.0
My 4th class with Croteau, and I am yet to believe he has any real world experience however he hase plenty of "stories" that speak otherwise. Could easily say everything he knows he read out of a textbook somewhere.,3.0,2.0
He's a cool guy to talk to but his classes are so boring. He sits at a desk and lectures off of slides the whole time. Sometimes, I'm the only one awake in class and I'm not paying attention. All homework is due before the semester ends. Easy, but don't take unless you want to nap.,3.5,1.0
Nothing turned in on disk. All he wants is a print out. HINT: everyone's print out will look the same.,5.0,1.0
nice guy and its easy if you pay attention and do the work. Long assignments but he'll help you.,4.5,3.0
He only shows powerpoint presentations in this class. If you are a visual learner, either don't take this class or get constant help from him or a good friend. He has dry humor and I feel asleep many times in his class. Quizzes pop out of nowhere and are hard if you don't pay full attention.,2.0,4.0
Good guy and teacher. Can be kinda full of himself but I did learn a few things in his classes.,2.5,3.0
Good Teacher...,4.0,2.0
This guy is a good teacher...Knows the material and can talk for hours on end. He may or may not be full of crap when talking about his personal experiences: I've heard him relate stories on everything from being a fighter pilot in Vietnam to sitting on Einstein's lap as a child.,2.0,3.0
Goes over material in class veeery slowly like we're retarded, but it's helpful. Friday homework assignments are long and hard. Talks a lot and goofs around. Gets kinda long and boring, but not a hard class.,4.0,3.0
Loves to play favorites,2.5,4.0
As far as relating to the students and being flexible he is the best. His policy for finals is awesome. Class a little boring at times. Overall a good professor to have,4.5,2.0
He's tough, but fair. Relates a lot of stories about his background and ties them into class material - a little distracting, but it makes the material fun. Worked for NSA in the past according to some other people; this checks out!!,4.0,4.0
Claims to have worked for the NSA and has talked about being a hacker for them. He teaches directly out of the book, which makes the class lifeless and dull. He knows what he's talking about, but doesn't always do a good job at presenting it.,3.5,2.0
He is nuts!,1.0,4.0
Definitely some unbelievable stories! But decent teacher, nice guy.,4.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
I heard he worked at NASA.,2.5,3.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
I always enjoyed his classes, except COBOL. COBOL SUCKS!,4.0,3.0
alright professor. not easy, not hard,3.5,3.0
talks all lecture long about stuff that wont be on the exam, singles out students, control freak, loves the power of being a professor, terrible teacher, boring lectures, makes her students feel extremely uncomfortable, worst professor i have ever had in my five years,1.0,4.0
Maybe the most boring and poorly taught class at UMaine. Her exams were ridiculously difficult and the content was nowhere near a level 101 course. They were almost not worth studying for, because the questions were so random and were never covered in the lectures. Unless you hate yourself and want to suffer, I'd suggest not taking this class.,1.0,5.0
This is in no way a level 101 class, Kelley's exams are nearly impossible. She puts material on them that is nowhere to be found on her lecture slides and just expects you to know it. If you're not a geology major stay away and do your gen eds elsewhere,1.0,4.0
I have taken this class TWICE now (mind you I typically receive all A's and B's in all my other classes-I am a third year student which is supposed to be my hardest year of classes!) Her tests are incredibly difficult and she what is displayed on the exams are far from what she teaches in class. This is by far not equivalent to a 101 level course.,1.0,5.0
Lab is extremely easy and the TA's are very helpful. However, Kelley's exams are so difficult! Everything on the exams are not taught in class. She goes out of her way to put things on the exam that she doesn't teach so people don't think the class is easy. I would recommend taking another lab science just so you don't have her.,1.0,5.0
Professor Kelley is a great teacher who cares about her students. Most of the negative feedback is probably masked from the fact she's teaching strenuous classes, and people use her as a scape goat. If you don't show up or don't go into office hours for help then you wont get a good grade. ERS is tough in general!,5.0,4.0
Nothing she teaches during class is on the exam. Exam questions are so specific you practically have to be a geologist to know the answer. So frustrating,1.0,4.0
This professor was definitely the worst one I've EVER had. She is a good person, but teacher... no. She refuses to admit why people do so poorly on the exams is because of her, and when you do bad she tells you to drop the class. The exams are VERY difficult and it really is never clear on what to study.,1.0,4.0
Horrible class. Terrible lecture. Easy lab but not worth many points and tests are the bulk of the grade besides pop up quizzes. The class is not easy, especially for someone who does not like science. Alice only gave one extra credit option this semester and for those who struggle frequently it does nothing for you.,2.0,5.0
Lectures are straight off a powerpoint, which is uploaded online. Wouldn't be necessary to attend class if not for pop-assignments in class. Tests are multiple choice and include oddly specific questions sometimes, but if you read the book and attend class they aren't half bad,2.0,3.0
Dude if you are reading these and see everyone saying the tests are real hard, do not worry about the credibility of this website. I will assure you it is very tough to do well on these tests.,2.0,4.0
Positive review to UMO and they gave her Gold. Can they take back the award? She is responsible for telling students about career opportunities that are not real. By the way on GEOlogy homework don't cite any rocks not found Exactly where she said or you will fail. She prefers handwritten work if you use a computer to print something you fail hotTA,1.0,2.0
Attendance is required and as a measure of attendance she often gives, essentially, quizzes which are often far more difficult than the level of material we have covered in class. Not a great teacher, just reads off slides. Tests include detailed questions on topics we barely covered.,2.0,3.0
Dr Kelley is my advisor, so when I took ERS 101 which she taught she took special attention to my other first year majors and I in the program. She taught study groups for us out of class, which I'm sure she would also be happy to do for students non- related to the major as well. Overall she really cares about her students and that they do well.,5.0,2.0
Hands-down the least effective professor I have had over my three years in school. Fundamentally does not understand how to teach students. Tests include multiple questions on topics discussed for under 60 seconds in class. The lectures are unbearably boring, repetitive, and utterly useless. But you have to go to each lecture do to in class work.,1.0,2.0
Alice K is great... as long as you agree with her political views. If you don't then you are not going to get the best possible grades even when your work warrants it. ... goodluck because she is obviously still teaching just for the money/ pension and promotes UMaine opportunities for study and travel to undergrads that don't exist.,1.0,1.0
I really like Dr. Kelley as a person! She's super friendly! Her lectures cover basically everything u learned in the textbook so they're not essential but I liked to go for participation credit. I didn't always feel like the labs accurately reflected what we learned in class & via textbook though. Also the exams are NOT curved.,4.0,4.0
She calls herself "gold" undergrad lecturer. But in reality she needs to watch for her bias which strongly favors women. extra credit for females who completed extra homeworks, while letting a missed homework for others give me and others a D in the class. (refusing to give a late assignment credit, even on the first 1,1.0,1.0
Dr. Kelley is an amazing woman. She is very passionate and knowledgable, and she just wants people to love geology as much as she does. Almost all of the information you need is given in class, but definitely skim the chapters. Her tests are not hard as long as you study your notes. Labs are a little weird, but manageable.,4.5,3.0
Dr. Kelley is great. And she inspires further study in Earth Science.,5.0,1.0
Dr. Kelley really cares about her students and it shows,5.0,1.0
Very boring class, but she clearly has a passion for rocks and lava lamps. Great lady, snooze of a class. Expect very specific questions on the tests.,3.5,3.0
If you go to her asking for help saying, "I don't have enough time to study," she isn't going to be impressed. But if you're interested in how you can WORK to improve your grade, she's all over it. You do have to go to class, read the material, study for the exams (they can be tough), but you'll learn lots. Dr. Kelley knows her stuff, great prof.,4.5,4.0
Alice Kelley is he type of professor that never considers that the reason everybody is failing is her. If you're doing poorly she tells you to drop her class. Her tests are hard and don't look anything like what you actually study. It's never clear what's going to be on them. Also she writes her own labs and even her TA's don't understand them.,1.5,5.0
Alice is a well-meaning teacher whose lectures can drag on, but you will get an easy A if you show up to class and study somewhat for the tests. Some ratings say that her tests are tough, don't be intimidated - they are extremely easy if you do even a tiny bit of studying. For someone who is awful at science, I got an A.,5.0,1.0
Not very nice. I emailed her a few times to ask questions and all I got were "look on blackboard" or "I went over it in class". Well obviously I wouldn't ask if I could find the information! She shows lots of enthusiasm when teaching but when it comes to her students she leaves it all up to the TA's,2.0,4.0
Not a very nice person. Tests are very difficult, with info she never went over in class.,1.5,5.0
She's a really nice person until you do something to irritate her but as long as you pay attention and are quiet you're all set. It's a hard intro level class considering that I was top 5 in the class and only got a 93. The lectures are incredibly boring and the labs aren't much better. However, I did learn a lot from it.,5.0,3.0
She is a nice person, she really loves the subject matter. Her tests are somewhat difficult, and I studied a lot. The grading curve is huge. The material is covered very quickly and there is a huge amount of it. Labs are interesting and a good place to get the extra help you need.,4.5,4.0
Great professor, very concerned that every student fully understands the concepts. Although sometimes she spends so much time in class helping one person we get behind.,4.0,4.0
She is actually enthusiastic about the material, which is nice. But the class is boring, and the tests are ridiculously hard. The smallest scale we had was 30 points, and the last test had a 53 point scale. It doesn't matter how much you study, or how much extra help you get, you will fail the exams.,1.0,5.0
Alice is one of the nicest professors I have ever met. Her material and lectures are a bit dry, but she wants to see everybody succeed. If you have any problems whatsoever, she will be more than willing to help your situation. If you just study a little you should be OK with the material. Not a super easy class though, she makes HUGE curves,4.0,4.0
I hated this class more than any other class I have ever taken in my college career. I've never had to study so much information in such a short period of time. It doesn't matter what you study for the exam, everything is going to be re-worded and switched around. You can never write enough for the essay portion, and the grading is unfair. FTC,2.0,5.0
The class was pretty interesting, most of it was done in powerpoint. It wasn't terribly difficult to be honest, just go to class, take some notes and you are fine. She's a nice teacher with her heart in it, just don't leave in the middle class, it seems to make her angry.,3.5,2.0
This class is extremely boring. The tests are hard and the labs are terrible too. Half of the tests are essays and it seems like as good as you answer is, it is never good enough. I would not recommend this class at all...,3.0,4.0
Dr. Kelley makes Geology interesting, which to me is near impossible. She used up to date information during her lectures. She does exempt you from the final if you do well on the other exams. She offers question/answer periods two days before exams. To me, if you fail this class, you just didn't take advantage of all she the ways she helped you.,5.0,3.0
I did not enjoy this class because of my interest level, but I thought professor Kelley was a nice lady and knew her stuff. She also was fixed any problem in grading fast and didn't make a big deal of it.,4.0,3.0
Lectures are boring and there is at least one pop quiz per week. The tests were all essay form and I never knew exactly what she was looking for. However, if you get an A average on the 3 prelims you dont have to take the final.,3.5,3.0
lectures are really clear and organized, and everything on tests and quizzes are strictly from her lectures - never any surprises. pop quizzes, but if you read over your notes before class theyre easy - plus its actually helpful to have these quizzes because it keeps you thinking about previous topics so studying for tests is easier.,5.0,2.0
I had a good experience with this class. I took it as a GENED as I think most did. The lectures were sometimes longwinded, but the material was made relevant which I enjoyed. I was very happy I took the class, enjoyed Prof. Kelley as a teacher, and recommend her and her classes to others.,5.0,1.0
Dull classes and lectures.,2.0,3.0
Mean angry woman. High on self. Mean.,2.5,2.0
Really nice, helpful, gives extra credit,4.5,1.0
Very helpful and such a nice person! If you can get her for lab, you want her!,5.0,2.0
Professor Pabel has a reputation as a tough marker but to be honest, it felt pretty in line with what a third year course should be like. He does assign a pretty significant amount of reading, but all of it is accessible for free (or at least was for our class). Participation is important too, but we were given multiple ways to get those marks.,4.0,3.0
Pabel is difficult but not as difficult as others make him out to be. To succeed you need to demonstrate that you did the readings through your participation; he is not supremely interested in our personal opinions but instead our ability to analyze and apply knowledge from the assigned texts.,4.0,4.0
Hilmar is an excellent professor. Yes, the way he grades is tough but he spells out his expectations very early in the course so there are no surprises. He also does not give final exams and his tests are not cumulative, so that means less work!,4.0,4.0
Taking Hist 288 with Hilmar was a pleasure. He shows knowledge and passion for the content in engaging lectures. The class is well-structured with no difficult exams, and the amount of reading is reasonable for a textbook-free course. He has a blunt sense of humor which some may interpret as being obnoxious or rude, as per reviews, but I disagree.,4.0,3.0
Passionate professor. He wants you to be a better student and makes the material engaging and interesting. He gives great feedback, but its easy to take his comments too personally. He does not mark at an undergrad level, and is definitely the hardest marker In my entire history major. Loved the class, cried over assignments. Lucky to get a B.,4.0,5.0
Dr. Pabel makes a somewhat dry (and very info-heavy) topic (the Reformation) engaging, and assigns various types of papers which keeps it from getting repetitive. He actually uses Canvas(!), gave me technical and historical feedback on my papers, and provides a great syllabus. Really available for asking questions or discussing ideas.,5.0,4.0
It was an absolute pleasure to be Pabel's student. His lectures are captivating; instead of giving you boring details about history, he delved into the culture and mentality of early modern Europeans. His marking is on the harder side, but his comments are really helpful to improve on future assignments. I plan on taking further classes with him.,5.0,3.0
Honestly the worst prof at SFU, don not take this course, I needed one history credit to graduate as a 4.0 student and he ruined it all. I do not understand how he is employed. All he wants is students to fail. I can get over the reading and homework, but honestly just help people succeed not fail! On a power trip and just plain rude and unhelpful,1.0,5.0
Does not grade at an undergraduate level. I got 15% lower grade in his class than my next lowest class grade. Gives you no room for your own ideas on papers. Really boring class lectures but you had to go for the participation grade. Honestly did not learn anything new or valuable in this class.,1.0,4.0
It was a relief when lectures wrapped up.,1.0,5.0
Dr. Pabel is one of the most respected Early Modern German History scholars in the world, so it really is a privilege to be his student. That said, he is a very tough marker, almost to the point of unfairness, but he doesn't give tests, only quizzes, which is nice. Definitely not a good professor for your GPA, but worth it for history majors.,3.0,4.0
Best history prof at SFU!,5.0,3.0
Best class and best prof I've ever had at SFU. Make sure you visit him in office hours during the course he provides immensely valuable insight and resources. My ability to think critically sky-rocketed after taking this course! Highly recommend.,4.0,3.0
An experienced professor who challenges his students in an attempt to bring the best out of them. The most reading intensive course I've ever taken, and the quizzes are on the most minute details of these readings. I felt that the marking on essays was fair enough, and he was available for help & nice enough to give it when you needed it.,3.0,4.0
worst prof,1.0,5.0
Terrible prof! Lost my 4.11 GPA because of him. Something wrong with the way he marks. Do NOT take a class with him if you want to keep your GPA where it's at. If you don't care, then by all means do. But prepare to spend more time on that class than you do any other class and STILL get the worst mark you've EVER gotten.,1.0,5.0
Terrible terrible prof,1.0,5.0
great!,5.0,1.0
Hard marker but extremely nice prof, who is also extremely smart.Knows everything about what he's teahing. Explains things very clearly, and is the type of prof who actually seems to care about the students, and actuaolly takes his job seriously (I like the fact that he wears a suit to class everyday-shows hes a university prof not a grad student.),5.0,4.0
Prof. Pabel's class was certainly challenging and required a lot of time and effort, but unlike many other history classes I have taken, I actually feel I truly learned a lot about the course content. He has a lot of knowledge on the topic of European history and his lectures were always thoroughly prepared.,4.0,4.0
Ie njoy history, and humanities but I feel like Pabel ruined early modern Europe for me forever. Extremely hard marker on papers and quizzes. Closed minded to new views or concepts, used extremely snobby elitist oxford texts. He obviously is a smart man and has a deep interest in the subject, but your views better be EXACTLY the same as his.,2.0,5.0
this is the hardest marking professor i have ever had. he is very rigid in his delivery, and only allows things done one way. he had a 15 minute quiz worth 5% of the entire class grade based on a 350 page book. i would never take a class from this prof again.,1.5,5.0
He thinks all of us have only his course to take care of. He imposes pointless ban on primary sources. Plus, he obviously favours some students to others. Unless you're into absurd history or have 1 entire semester just for his one course, avoid at all cost or all your other courses WILL be pulled backward.,2.0,5.0
mean-spirited and virtually impossible to get above a mediocre mark. Hilmar seems to relish in his student's misery. he is quick to condensendingly correct any little mistake you madeke and will find any reason to not give you a good grade. avoid.,1.0,5.0
Most people who have complained that he is too hard likely expect easy As in university. Thus when they are expected to read and discuss material every week and write coherent and well researched papers they are horrified. If you're not very bright or are lazy, avoid this class. If you enjoy learning and are reasonably disciplined, youll enjoy it.,4.0,3.0
Beware. All comments previous to this are absolutely accurate. Extremely tough but not impossible to do well, requires more work than any other class in the dept.,1.0,5.0
Good prof but demanding. Do the work and be prepared for class. He does give out decent grades if he thinks you have worked for it. Don't be late to class and pay attention to details on the syllabus. If you ask a question he has already given the answer to or you could have found out the answer yourself, he gets annoyed. I enjoyed his class.,3.0,4.0
I usually take these ratings with a grain of salt. This is one instance where I should have listened. Difficult, uninspiring, and does not lecture but relies, instead, on the Socratic approach. I did not spend $500+ on a course to have students teach me. More interested in his own research than in his students.,2.0,5.0
If you take one of his classes beware. For tests he asks u 2 write 3 things & gives you 3 1 inch lines then marks them wrong because u didn't explain them, when the quest never asked 4 it.Paper marks r ridiculous, write his opinion & u may survive.,1.0,5.0
Took both 2nd & 3rd year courses with him. Prof. Pabel is a highly intelligent teacher who takes you seriously and who expects you to take him seriously as well. Readings can be heavy, but you aren't paying uni fees for kindergarten levels. He'll give you an A if you deserve one. Put a decent amount of work in, and you will.,4.0,4.0
Great Prof! Very hard marker but absolutely wonderful teacher! Very interesting funny and passionate about his subject. Willing to help but you must be willing to do the work! If you are at all interested in his courses I recomend you take him!,5.0,5.0
Be warned--his marking scheme is vicious (i.e. unrealistic expectations from students). Don't be surprised by an "F" on one of your assignments in his classes... Shudder...,3.5,5.0
After a short lecture, he just went over the readings. Made the class very boring. I don't learn well by reading, so I'd never take another class with him. When he bothered to lecture, it was fine.. Wish he'd just do that, and not rely so much on readings!,3.5,5.0
Oh yeah he is so hard. He makes you actually read and think about things. He expects you to show up for class prepared and he even expects you to be able to read and write in english.,4.0,5.0
Too much busy work, grade not justified could not explain what was wrong with the essay, arbitrary marker,1.5,5.0
Prof Pabel is a very intelligent prof, but he has certain ideas and interests and if you don't agree with them, or else want to bring in other ideas watch out! I imagine he'd make a great author but I wouldn't take him again as a prof.,2.0,5.0
It would be great if the standard Hilmar envisions were a reality in public Universities, but it is not. I am not encouraged to continue in history, though I have succeeded with other instructors and still have all the interest I had before. In spite of his ability, I can't help thinking that the pedagogue should inspire interest not dread.,4.0,5.0
A great mind & lecturer. He really challenges you and I too like to think and be challenged. He expects 150% and this means a LOT of work. If you're taking 4+ courses and work a course with Pabel will be too much. But the experience of learning under him is a treat for those who care about expanding their minds & thinking more than GPAs.,5.0,5.0
i took a course with him and thought he was a great proff. i leart a lot and he was extremely entertaining and humourous. but i ended up with a crappy mark. the next semester i took another history course with him. just as funny and knowledgable, just as clear. he expects decent effort, and your grade will reflect how much you gave.,4.5,3.0
Entertaining, engaging, challenging. A word to the wise: you CAN get a good mark in his class, but ONLY if you can write. I'm good at essay writing, and thus I got an A-; don't listen to those who say it isn't possible. This guy really makes you think, and that was what *I* thought university was for, don't know about the rest of you guys.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Anyone who feels the need to defend and excuse their abilities to lecture on a personal website has issues. If he was a good professor, there'd be no complaints at all - as it is, he's rated lower than any History prof on this site. He should take a serious look at his ability to teach - we pay you to teach us, not to make us do 100% of the work.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
As a teacher he is pretty funny and entertaining. But do not take any of his classes until you've gotten your masters degree. He is absolutely brutal on his essay marking and expect everyone to write just like him.,2.0,5.0
I first took Hist-223 and did relatively well. Then I took Hist-320 with him... the greatest mistake of my academic life! As a professor he's funny, engaging, and his tests are fair. BUT HE'S INSANELY HARSH WITH HIS ESSAY MARKING. Take his classes only if you don't mind getting a C.,2.5,5.0
He made a girl in my class almost cry. She was borderline tears after he basically told her that her answer was completely wrong and made her look like a fool infront of the whole class.,1.0,5.0
Pabel is absolutely horrible. DO NOT TAKE ANY COURSES HE OFFERS. He even tries to defend his horrible teaching rating on his website http://www.sfu.ca/~pabel/TCV.HTM, anyone who has to do this you know is a terrible professor. STRONGLY AVOID HIM AT ALL COSTS.,1.5,5.0
He is a VERY hard marker.. I made the mistake of taking is 223 in my first year and boy was I in for a shock. You are never right with the guy, he seems like he always has some way to disagree with you. Although he is educated, he is hot-head about it and knows that he knows more than you. Expect hard work and your GPA to take a hit! BEWARE,2.0,5.0
He's a great guy...but he's a little condescending. Hist 223 is a good course, but you have to work really hard. Midterms are easy, but papers are marked with severe scrutiny. If you ever want a class to laugh in, take this one, especially if you have a retard sitting beside you.,3.5,3.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!! I WORN YOU...AND I'M NOT BIASED, BECAUSE HE GAVE ME A BAD GRADE OR ANYTHING, I ENDED UP WITH A B+. BUT I HAD TO WORK TO THE BONE TO GET IT!!!,1.0,5.0
From what I understand, he's a great prof for first year level, but after that he starts to become more and moe difficult. He's a very nice person but definitely not a good teacher. Assignments for the class were basically glorified book reviews where we were expected to recite the prof's personal opinion on the book.,2.0,5.0
a great prof. very organized and engaging.,5.0,4.0
I don't know what you guys are talking about. If you do the work and are enthusiastic, Dr. Pabel is so helpful. He has a great sense of humour. He's brilliant. Yes, if you slack off, and have a hard time with honest marking systems, you won't like him. But if you want to learn and be challenged, Dr. Pabel is number one.,5.0,4.0
Prof. Pabel is by far the worst professor I have ever had! While he is incredibly smart and well educated, if you expect to get even a B in any of his classes you are expected to actually be smarter then him. even then good luck. I have never been so dissapointed in a class and a professor. I regret meeting the man. He should be reprimanded by SFU.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
You never get the right answer with this guy. You're only ever sort of right. I shouldn't have told him someone tinkered with his website so it led to a "adult themed" room. At least he was fun to impersonate.,3.0,4.0
Were we in the same class? Prof is rude and condescending to the nth degree. Quite frankly surprised someone has not punched him in the face. Assignments made absolutely no sense and marking even less so.,1.0,5.0
Pabel is a good prof, despite the comments below. If you want to take a class where you will be challenged then he's your guy. Lectures+Tutorials are interesting if your willing to do the readings and be involved.He is a hard marker but his courses are worth taking even if your GPA does take a hit.,4.5,4.0
Absolutely terrible. Think a C is a good grade, and marks accordingly. Likes nothing more than to hear his own voice. He is the German Al Franken...which is entertaining for maybe half a lecture. I'd rather stab myself in the eye with a pen that take another class with him.,1.5,5.0
worst prof i've ever had, not friendly or helpful at all when u ask questions at his office hrs. boring lecture as well. do not take his class.,1.5,4.0
DO NOT TAKE A CLASS WITH THIS MAN! His grading is not based on the work, way to much reading, has favourites, makes fun of people when they go to him for help (He actually laughed at me when I went to him with a question!),2.0,5.0
good,3.5,4.0
sooo many papers!!!!,2.5,5.0
Giant glass ego! Every tutorial uncomfortably spent with everyone staring at the floor, avoiding eye contact while he played "guess what I'm thinking right now." Insecure to the point of unbalanced -- attacking the furniture, shouting at the class... What a nut!,2.5,3.0
Informative, interesting, and clear. Has a bit of an attitude, but overall he's a great prof.,4.5,5.0
He was definately not my favourite teacher. First and last class I took with him. I think he marks you on what he thinks you should get rather than what you should. Put in 1 hr of effort or 10 and no difference. Could have been interesting, but wasn't.,1.5,5.0
Knows his stuff - so does every history proff at SFU. Unfortunately he looks down on students, holds a negative attitude towards them; will favour a select few students; marks VERY hard; and, as mentioned, is very arrogant.,1.0,5.0
Arrogant twit who has an ego that fills up the entire room. Doesn't want to hear any opinion other than his own. If you like history stay away from him!,1.0,5.0
This guy is easily the worst prof I ever had during my 3 years at SFU. He has a HUGE ego, and his classes are very boring. His marking criteria is a complete mystery. The workload is also unreasonably large.,1.0,5.0
he is unjustly hard.,2.5,5.0
This proff is crazy. He thinks he knows way- too much. He expects way too much of his students. When you go up to him and ask questions, he only bullies you. He has no right to receive pay from out tuitions when everything he is doing for his leisure.,1.5,5.0
Do not take this class if you do not want to work. Some of the readings were boring and some of the assignments were kind of pointless. But if you're willing to put in the effort and learn/red lots then Pabel is willing to help.,3.5,5.0
Horrendous Prof! He ruined my love of history!,1.0,5.0
Not a particularly good teacher, but he knows his stuff and is a *fair* marker - if you write like a 12 year old, you'll fail, but what's wrong with that? His readings are interesting.,3.0,3.0
If you're worried abour ruining your precious GPA, don't take a class with Professor Pabel. If you want to be educated (and actually learn a little bit about the world you live in), do take a class with Professor Pabel.,5.0,3.0
I don't know what everyone is complaining about...he may be tough but he's fair and this is University for heaven's sake, not kindergarten. I really enjoyed his class, he's an engaging prof who challenges you to deepen your understanding. i loved his clas,4.5,3.0
This man is nerdy, quirky, and snobby. He thinks he knows a lot, he is sure of himself, but he is a lousy social scientist. More importantly, he doesn't know how to mark papers. Stay away from this man and his courses. He will ruin your good GPA.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
I just found that Pabel expected way too much of his students, as well, he expected way too much in term of writing analytical essays. He didnt make this course enjoyable,1.5,5.0
Hilmar constantly comments on the poor level of writing his students exhibit, but does little to help improve it. His essay marking is unrealistic and not constructive in any sense. Does not sufficiently cover material in exams during lectures,1.0,5.0
Hard marker , very intellectual and smart, hates late students, starts class EARLY so be there extra early or you'll be 'late', makes essays worth a lot, lots of reading and enough homework, essay topics difficult but material covered is sometimes interes,2.0,4.0
Rather pretentious - one wonders where he got his quasi-brit accent seeing as he was born in Ontario and educated in the U.S.,2.5,4.0
DO NOT TAKE A COURSE WITH THIS PROF.IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO DO WELL.STUDIED FOR WEEKS STRAIGHT FOR TESTS AND I BARELY PASSED!,1.0,5.0
Very hard marker, and a stickler for punctuality. Has unrealistic expectations for in class assignments. Kind of a jerk about it too.,2.5,5.0
A quirky guy, lost in his intellectual world, both cynical and playful. Marks tough, but fair. Interesting style, participation based, not much lecturing. You have to do the readings, or else he can get frustrated with the class.,4.0,4.0
intellectual snob. During the final he laughed and sighed in disgust aloud as he marked exams as they were being handed in.,2.5,5.0
He was a very hard marker, very unfair and is definatly not someone who should be teaching a first year class,1.0,5.0
Hard marker, lots and lots of work. Do not disagree with him as this will affect your grade.,1.0,5.0
He is difficult to apporach and biased. He has favorites and he is nice to those students only. Very unfreindly and not enough time for students. Bad Prof.,1.5,4.0
Very hard marker. Doesn't like late assignments.,2.0,5.0
Lectures are fun, but quite a hard marker, great deal of material in the course, but not the most I've seen in a 200 level history course..,3.5,4.0
Great lectures, but too much reading. Exam essay topics can be deadly boring.,4.0,4.0
very hard. lots of reading but mostly an interesting guy. especially when you find out he sings. in latin. enough said.,2.0,5.0
Iteresting stuff, but he is just way too hard core for his or anyone else's good,3.5,5.0
Pretty interesting Lecture. Nice prof. But too much reading and hard marker.,3.5,4.0
crazy teacher, hard marker, lots of readings and zzz lectures,2.5,5.0
interesting class, but very, very hard,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Nice guy, but his marking is ridiculously hard,3.5,5.0
Over-sensitive, close-minded,2.0,5.0
he went over materials too fast..!! very hard to follow..!!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,3.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
One of my fav poli sci profs. His class is not that much of a workload but keeping up with the readings/lectures is necessary as it will be a lot to cram for if you do not. I found his marking to be fair and he was always willing to help students if they needed help.,5.0,3.0
One of my favourite POL classes so far. Gives great additional feedback on assessments when you request it. You must work hard for your grade but I believe Prof Heard is a fair grader over all. Assessments are lecture and textbook based. Overall I really enjoyed the material in this course as well as the professor.,5.0,3.0
Andrew was an amazing professor. He's very caring about his students and want everyone to succeed in his class. His exams are very heavily based on lectures and readings. I would take another class with Andrew again.,5.0,3.0
Professor Heard was amazing! He was very kind, approachable, and easy going, but also provided good feedback and fair grading. He provided really great insight to class topics and kept the course interesting. I would love to be taught by him again!,5.0,3.0
One of the best profs at SFU. Caring and tries to make the class as interesting as he can. Posts the lectures online as well so you can re watch before the midterm or final.,5.0,2.0
He reminds me of Tigger. He is so friendly and makes learning about constitutional law very entertaining and easy to understand, which is impressive given the complexity of Canadian federalism and constitutional interpretation. Graded fairly, recorded lectures, but messed up both our midterm and final, so that was slightly frustrating.,5.0,3.0
Nice guy, grades as if your PHD program. weekly posts need to be replied to every single students posts and then some in order to get full participation marks. Long time in getting marks back, writing requirements are excessive and you have no idea of where your sitting with marks going into final. Avoid this class take POL100 for easier grade,1.0,3.0
Hilarious guy who manages to make the Canadian Constitution/politics fun. Definitely knows his stuff. Provides thorough lecture notes and lectures well enough that you can fill them in more and not need the readings at all (I didn't even buy the books). Paper is long but manageable.,5.0,4.0
Probably one of the most pleasant person you will ever meet. Manages to make super dry content enjoyable. Also really appreciate that he records lecture,5.0,4.0
He is able to make the Canadian constitution incredibly interesting given how dry the content is. Dr. Heard takes the time to make the content understandable by providing many examples that can even be used on exams. He really took the time to reconstruct this course and he did an excellent job.,5.0,3.0
Andy Heard is a great professor, he does his best to make dry course material interesting. He also records his lectures and posts them to canvas which is extremely helpful when studying! He really cares about his students, 10/10 would recommend.,4.0,3.0
Kind and personable professor however RIDICULOUSLY tough on essay marking for lower-division PoliSci courses; as if you're a Master's student. Gives no detailed criteria for marking. Spare your GPA the unnecessary hit and AVOID,3.0,5.0
I didn't like this course at all. I think I had a bad TA so that did't help whatsoever. Andrew Heard is using the same outdated textbook - references 2010 Olympics, 9/11 terrorism, and the Harper government. Some of the online modules Heard writes are worded weird and hard to follow. SO MUCH READING for being tested on such specific things. DO NOT.,1.0,4.0
Heard is a really funny professor who definitely knows a lot about what he's teaching. Exams are really fair, and he records lectures and puts them online if you're sick. The term paper is lengthy, with a lot of research requirements, but it's not that bad. Grading is a bit harder than usual, but not crushing. Overall, a good prof for POL221!,4.0,3.0
Amazing lectures. Really funny guy. Very knowledgeable and definitely prominent in his field. He does grade fairly difficultly as others have noted and the paper is pretty long but not too bad. His tests aren't too bad; all written from a pool that you can choose from. He records his lectures Audio/Video/Slides which is nice.,5.0,4.0
Being a 4th year student, I did not expect this class to be as difficult as Dr. Heard made it out to be. He is a very strict marker for a first-year introductory course. Had I known this, I would have not taken the class with him and waited another semester with a different professor.,3.0,4.0
excellent lecturer. he wants you to do well, but will make you work your ass off for it. he's also super tough on papers, so be sure you triple-check your writing. other than that, I retained most of the information he taught during class, and seriously helped me build a vital fundamental knowledge base for upper-division polisci courses.,5.0,4.0
Took POL 101W online w Heard. Good guy, gives helpful feedback, & course is pretty clear overall. Although as others have pointed out, marking on essays is tough for a 100 level class so it's not an easy A. For tests, he won't tell you exactly what to study but they midterm & final are pretty straightforward. You'll likely need the textbook.,4.0,4.0
Nice guy, but by far he is one of the hardest markers I have had. I am a third year and for a 200 level course he marks it like a 400. If you dont mind hard marking, hes the one for you. Hes a nice guy and lecture notes are posted online.,3.0,5.0
Great professor with clear explanation of topics in lectures!,5.0,3.0
Lots of reading but not overly dense.,4.0,1.0
Great professor!,5.0,3.0
Unlike others, I thought Heard was a pretty decent prof. His lectures are clearly delivered, with many examples to follow concepts. The exams were fair. My only complaint is the 10 page paper we had to write - for a 100 level course, it was too much.,3.0,3.0
I didn't like the class because there is no chance to write about your opinion in the exam. You must write what he said in the lecture & the textbook word by word. Very hard marker,2.0,4.0
Good prof but very hard marker,2.5,5.0
It's writen as 101(100 level) but he and his TA will mark your work as 400 level class. I'm a third year student took this class and it's the most hard marker class I ever take,1.5,5.0
Was my first pol class and absolutely my last class with him. Wish I didn't take his class or at least take it with another prof,1.0,5.0
I can't understand why he has such high rating ?! yes he is a good person but at the end of the semester you want to get a good grade. right? then just forget about pol101,2.5,3.0
One thing, take his class if you want to work too much and get a poor mark,1.0,5.0
Very disappointed in this teacher. His feedback on assignments was unclear as were his assignment guidelines. If you want good grades, stear clear of this prof. I think his marking is unreasonably harsh for an intro course.,1.5,4.0
Dr. Heard was one of the best profs I've had at SFU. I didn't do as well as I wished I did in the class but he made boring material, not so boring. I would recommend! But don't expect an easy mark. There is only 4 marks throughout the semester, so keep on top of it!,4.0,3.0
I was very interested in Poli Sci until this course. The communication online is terrible and everyone i've spoken to has received similar marks and feedback with careless marking unclear assignment requirements.,1.0,5.0
he is nice as person but he isn't nice when it come to grade. TAs marking very hard, if you go to him and ask him to re-mark your exam or paper, he won't... as other said, don't take it if you want a good grade,1.0,5.0
trouble trouble trouble, I was soooo interested in pol but I hated this class due to the TA and Andrew won't do anything to the TA's mark. I won't take any other pol. avoid it, if you don't need it,1.0,5.0
ok as the other said he is very nice guy, the subject is easy overall. my main issue was the TA, I don't know who he chose his TAs, almost everyone dislike his TAs. Good class but not an easy A or B+. If you are not interesting in pol $ want goodgrade don't take it,5.0,3.0
Pretty much don't even need to go to lectures since he posts the PP slides and audio recordings on canvas. Textbook is barely needed since tests are almost 100% based off the PP slides. Had a 15% participation mark in tutorial. But they're so boring. And my TA is whack at marking papers. I'm certain if I had another one I'd get a better mark on it.,4.5,2.0
Gives in depth notes, and puts them online. Also posts an audio of the lecture online, so there is really no point of going to lecture except for the fact that he unnecessarily expands on the points on his power point and goes on and on for about half an hour per slide. He is approachable and pretty funny. I do recommend this class.,3.5,3.0
Great prof. I'd highly recommend him. I'm even registered for another course with him. He's super clear and the tests are very straight forward. Textbook not really a necessity, his powerpoint slides cover it.,4.5,2.0
Poli sci 100 and 101w uses (word for word) the exact same powerpoint slides and the exact same workload. So take 101w for the w credit and take it with Andy because he's awesome. You can tell he genuinely enjoys the subject, he's hilarious, and his charisma is infectious. I plan on taking my next poli sci class with him!,4.5,2.0
Pretty fantastic. This course was easier than I expected, and Dr. Heard's clarity and humour made it all the better. I recommend this class!,5.0,1.0
Took this DE and it was a terrible course, terrible TA, unreasonably marked for a intro 100-level course. Do not recommend this torture on anyone,1.0,5.0
Took this distance education and it was a HORRIBLE course. Allen the TA was not helpful and marked unreasonable for a first year course. Overall, do not recommend this course whatsoever.,2.0,4.0
Don't take this course dist ed if you want a good grade. The class is not curved and the highest grades given out were: 80% for the final, 79% for the term paper and 79% for the shorter essay. I worked my ass off and only managed a C+ because of how hard and unreasonably everything was marked,1.0,5.0
This is my first semester at SFU, I wanted to major in poli sci but after this course I decided to major in crim instead. The TA (Allen) marked unreasonably hard and provided no real feedback on essay drafts or after giving out test marks/ essay marks as to what was wrong/needed improving. Overall I wouldn't recommend this course,3.0,3.0
Need to attend classes or listen to lecture recordings to do well. I had no interest in this topic whatsoever, but at least his teaching style was good and at times he is quite entertaining.,3.5,2.0
I took this in distance education so I never actually sat through his lectures but his study guide was well written, clear and interesting for the most part. The TA (Allen) was a complete doorknob though. He is unclear, doesn't answer your questions and is a unreasonably hard marking. Heard seems genuinely nice though and seems to love his job,4.0,2.0
Dr. Heard is a delight! His lectures are very enthusiastic and helpful, and he gives very good examples which make the material easy to understand. He also answers any questions you ask during class. He wrote one of the chapters in the textbook for the class, so he knows the material very well.,5.0,4.0
Had Prof Heard for half the semester. Very fun guy! Makes a totally dull subject bearable. He outright gives hints during lecture of exam material to help out. Tutorials were very helpful & TA's were great. I'm not a polisci student and this course has convinced me to never be one, but if I had to take another polisci course, it'd be with Andy.,5.0,3.0
He is just so great! He is super entertaining and I really miss his lectures. I basically know all the stuff in advance, but even if you care just the least about politics it really shouldn't be too hard to do well. Amazing!,5.0,2.0
Great prof and great lectures. Lectures are also recorded, which I found helpful for studying. Read the chapters in the txt that he wrote, as he focuses on those. I had a great TA, Ann, and she made tutorials interesting. She gave us lots of great hints & tips for the exams. Exams and paper were not hard, if you go to class you'll be fine!,4.0,2.0
Amazing prof! Very clear and passionate about his work. His exams were very on-par with his lectures and he gave very helpful hints as well. Overal, I highly recommend him. His TA Melissa D. was just as amazing and helpful as he was!,5.0,1.0
Just finished my final, AWESOME professor. Tests are fair, interesting professor, little assignment, gives all the hint u need to know for final and midterms. His TA Ann is awesome!,5.0,2.0
extremely fair proffesor final exam is no suprises if he talked about or emphesis on it or even told you its gonna be on exam great prof really helpful have recording for lecture and posted notes and ALSO internet quizzes for review for each chapter take him gpa booster,5.0,1.0
Read the chapter content beforehand. If you have little knowledge of what you are going to learn, you are probably not going to understand quite a few things easily. Read the textbook and if possible, read materials relating to the topics. This will help. He's a pretty nice professor. But don't ever consider cheating on the writing assignment.,3.5,5.0
AWESOME class and amazing prof! He was very funny. So animated and passionate about politics. I love politics too, but I can see how even the most typically apathetic Canadian youth would find Andrew interesting. I hope I have him again in my future courses.,5.0,3.0
Hated the course, loved the Prof. He's super nice and willing to help any student, For my most hated class he makes it bearable for sure. Oh and he's really lenient about the term paper topics as long as you talk to him about it - which is a bonus for any student who has had to write about a topic they know nothing about!,5.0,2.0
Dr. Heard is great. Takes what is possibly the most boring material ever prepared for a university course and makes it interesting. Love the jokes. He can actually keep you awake while talking about 'constitutional conventions.' TA's are...adequate.,5.0,4.0
The best first year prof I had. Knew what he was talking about. The TA's were also helpful. The midterm was a bit hard with attention to detail. He knew what he was talking about and the TAs did an amazing job of taking it to another level. Great first year class.,4.5,3.0
Dr. Heard is amazing. Great personality, takes stuff that is dry as chalk dust and keeps you awake. Just fantastic. His TA's on the other hand....lets just say that I don't care about hockey...,5.0,2.0
One of the best Professors in the Poli-Sci department...what else could a student ask for??? hes helpful, intelligent, funny, and makes the class enjoyable!!!,5.0,3.0
Gotta love em, gotta love em,5.0,1.0
Very interesting professor, very helpful and quite funny. I liked this class a lot, and look forward to taking another one with him soon. "You're all sheep!",4.5,2.0
Professor Heard is great at what he does. Classes are interesting and he's obviously knowledgeable. Also a nice guy with a good sense of humour.,5.0,3.0
He's a wonderful professor but he pushes you, so be serious about the material and make sure you analyze your readings before you even think of coming to class. AND you MUST come to class.,5.0,4.0
never had any experience with poli sci. he made it very interesting. great prof.,5.0,3.0
I had no interest in politics but with that in mind, the lectures were pretty good. Even though he is quite a bit older than me, I will be the first to give him a hotness rating. His personality is just cute!!,4.0,3.0
not so good,1.0,5.0
Interesting prof. Interesting class. Repeats important terms. Multiple choice is a little tricky.,4.0,2.0
Nice, reasonable guy who's got teaching down to an artform. Very paritcular on papers so make sure yuo get someone to look over your paper for mistakes. Fair marker, and recommended overall.,4.0,3.0
he's a good prof. did not hear many rants about hating his professorship and teaching. i thought he quite enjoys teaching. very funny and made a dry class much more interesting. can be serious if he wants to be. if i had to take this class again, i would definately do it with him and a great ta. Valerie.,4.5,5.0
Awesome prof and wicked lectures..hes also a very fair marker,4.5,2.0
Has a great sense of humour and lectures are never boring. Is a fair marker...is always willing to help,5.0,3.0
easy tests if you have a nice TA. the tests were really fair with a couple mc's followed by an essay. but the essay was very easy if you studied that topic. entertaining class and great prof,5.0,1.0
What an awesome prof. He is great, knows what he is talking about, funny, and fair marker. Does not really respond to emails. But he is great, I would love to take another class with him.,3.0,3.0
No Comments,3.5,2.0
He's an awesome prof! Very helpful and friendly!,5.0,2.0
doesn't like to respond to emails,2.5,5.0
one of the best Pol profs at sfu. Friendly, funny, and not too difficult (if you know the basics).,4.5,3.0
Very informative and funny lectures. But can't really laugh when I see my final grade. Majority of the grading depends on your writing. Take him if Essay writing is your strength.,5.0,5.0
not bad.,3.0,4.0
Uh, just a feedback on the comment (below), females do not like him b/c of his looks. He is not great looking. He's a funny guy, makes poli sci interesting. I would give two thumbs up for this course!,4.5,3.0
He's quite funny and a great speaker, but unless you genuinely love poli sci, even that cannot save this incredibly dry class.,3.0,4.0
took this prof for pol 100 last semester, and loved him. took 221 b/c of him this time, and hated him. lectures were boring, confusing and long-winded, midterm was impossibly difficult. prof lost all his humour from before. saving grace was the ta, kathy.,3.5,4.0
Has his own personal agenda. Should be a politician not a teacher due to strong personal opinions. However, females tend to like him so I guess that makes him a great prof? I never new teaching had anything to do with looks.,3.0,4.0
Overrated! Why do people think he is so warm and friendly? He obviously despises teacher lower level political science and enjoys going on personal rants. Maybe it was the akward attempts at humour that made some students feel wanted?,3.0,3.0
He is a really witty and funny lecturer. His marking was really though. Be prepared to do your best on the midterm because it takes a lot to get a good mark!,5.0,4.0
I hate to burst your bubble, but Andy isn't that great. He's nice and a funny guy, but he doesn't really care about teaching. Doesn't know anyone's name, goes off on rants about his opinion on a given issue. Funny, smart guy, but not a great prof.,2.0,3.0
I hate to be the party pooper, but I can't stand this guy. He was alright before midterms, quite funny and all, but the lectures were terrible for the second half and I found him increasingly annoying. I'll avoid any Heard PoliSci classes from now on.,2.5,5.0
An excellent lecturer. Marking standards are pretty high; grades are not scaled on a curve and grade cutoffs are strict (no rounding up). Exams are marked very hard with a C average obtained. My T.A.--David--was fair and not out to get us, unlike others.,5.0,3.0
this guy is one of the best teachers at SFU. highly recommended, easy to listen too, very enjoyable.,5.0,2.0
Hilarious. And very adorable. Enjoyed his stories of growing up in South Africa. I did well on the essay, and MEH on the midterm. Which i hear is strange b/c his midterms are supposed to b easy, and his essays hard. ADORABLE MAN!,3.5,3.0
Andy is awsome at lecturing~! It was a tough course since I am not familiar with politics but I learnt a lot from this course... The midterm m/c was tough (class average was 2/5)... but the final was easy~! It is a course worth taking~!,5.0,4.0
Great and funny prof, the T.A. was hilarious too, made dry subject interesting. Tough paper marker, but fair.,4.0,3.0
the best prof ever... so funny...take this cours with him if you can , he is great , you have lots of fun, i'm sure!!!,5.0,4.0
Best prof I've had so far. Lectures were always interesting, and more than just regurgitation from the text. Andy is hilarious, and his stories help students to understand the concepts. Very nice, very eager to help. Definitely would take him again.,5.0,2.0
Great Guy... E-mailed him before semester started.. E-mailed me right back! Squits a lot when he talks, but that's just his enthusiastic self! Surely you should take the course with him, he's WONDERFUL!,5.0,3.0
great prof...funny...always dancing around...but i find the course hard...probably cuz poli sci is just not my kind of course...,4.0,5.0
ANDY KICKS ASS,5.0,1.0
awesome to ease into first year studies. i love his dances!,4.5,2.0
really funny, nice, gave a great intro to pol sci which made me want to continue in this field...my fave prof so far...,5.0,2.0
He always ads a sense of humour to the lectures. Unlike other professors I won't mention...,5.0,2.0
Wonderful professor. Very entertaining and informative.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
Andy is the best prof ever! He is so funny, brings up really interesting current events and is a fair marker. I would take his classes over and over if I could :),5.0,3.0
Extremly funny class and very knowledable, very hard marker,4.5,3.0
Looks like trotsky,5.0,4.0
Andy is fun, but a 10-15 page paper in your very first semester is kinda dumb,4.0,4.0
No doubt he's entertaining/but not great at upper level stuff/close-minded,3.0,3.0
Funny, interesting, great prof,4.5,2.0
Makes the material interesting, made me switch to poli sci,3.0,4.0
three words:awesome awesome,and Awesome-great at gettin material across and easy,5.0,2.0
Best teacher yet, hilarious, extremely intelligent, I switched to pol b/c of him,5.0,3.0
superb! wish there were more teachers like him,5.0,4.0
no doubt about it, he is a good prof, the test is hard,1.0,5.0
in year 17BLAHBLAHBLAH ~~~~~~~~~~~,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
he is like a cartoon. boop pop shoop!,4.0,3.0
awesome lecturer and keeps u interested,4.0,2.0
excellent prof...funny...easy to follow...final exam a bit unfair,5.0,3.0
His intro 100 class made me switch majors to Pol. That says it all,4.5,3.0
Excellent lecturer, caring personality,5.0,2.0
pretty funny guy, hard exams tho and essay is too long!,3.0,3.0
easy class...nice guy,4.0,2.0
really good lecturer,4.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
makes boring subjects interesting and fun,5.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Interesting and funny lecture. Nice professor and a good impersonator.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
No Comments,4.5,1.0
Good lecturer - very entertaining,4.0,2.0
Very approachable,4.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
John Craig is simply the most passionate and wise Prof I've ever had during my Post-Secondary journey; there is a lot of reading but it is well worth it because of the passion put into his lecturing. I shared an hour with John outside of Class hours and I left the conversation feeling as if I was 1) respected, 2) appreciated, and 3) more wise.,5.0,3.0
He is a difficult marker but gives clear and constructive feedback. Very willing to compromise and understanding of students need. He is willing to give a day or two extensions for the essays even if your reasoning is procrastination. Flexible with zoom meetings to help students analyze the harder texts.,4.0,3.0
I have never had a professor who cared so much about his students doing well. We had a small class size so that may be why. He was there to make sure you did well and we did some really interesting things. He would help with assignments and was always accessible through email and gave good feedback. The assignments are all straightforward.,5.0,3.0
He said the course was going to be about Britian at War. I took the class for my interest in Britian but all we talked about was some diarist from the 1940's. By far one of the worst classes I've taken. Taking notes is hard because mid lecture he will jump from topic to topic without distinction and be prepared for TONS of reading.,1.0,4.0
OH MY GOD! I took this class as an elective and it was the worst decision of my life! DO NOT TAKE AS AN ELECTIVE! Crazy amount of readings in old english!!!!! And its so subjective to the TA how well your writing assignments are. It was not worth an elective.,4.0,5.0
Dr. Craig is passionate and cares about his students. However, his lectures are all over the place and have no structure at all. He often interrupts himself mid-sentence, making it difficult to take notes. There is a lot of reading but if you can keep up you should do well in the class. He is a tough but fair marker. Take if you have time to read.,3.0,4.0
Dr. Craig was awesome. He can go off on tangents but it's all within the context of history. He is willing to give feedback on where one can improve in writing. He shows great interest in the subject. However, you must do the readings for the course to successfully pass.,4.0,4.0
An excellent professor! Demanding, but rewarding.,5.0,4.0
Professor Craig is the best prof I have ever had. Yes, his seminars are very demanding, but he is always willing to go the extra mile for his students. John is a great lecturer and I would recommend his classes to any serious history student.,5.0,5.0
If you aren't interested in the british isles, and you DONT have to take this course, then dont. You will probably find it boring. However, if you are keen then this is an awesome course. Craig has interesting lectures and very funny moments. Readings are a lot but im a half assed science student and I managed to easily get a B-.,5.0,3.0
Professor Craig is a tough marker, but he is fair; more than that, he goes the distance to make sure that you get the grade you deserve. He may expect a lot from his students, but he gives a hell-of-a-lot more.,5.0,3.0
INSANE expections, though I am told he had actually parred down the reading load in this course if you can believe it. He's definetely a nice guy, but his English gentleman charm will lure you into the class so you won't leave! I'm giving him a 2 instead of 1 in terms of easiness because I actually passed the course.,3.0,4.0
This was a horrible class. I am a 4th year student and this entry level class had insane expectations. The professor is a nice guy but he isnt sensitive of how outrages his expectations are. There is way too much reading, his lectures are all over the place, and he marks very hard. This class screwed me over bigtime.,1.5,5.0
This class is AWFUL and Dr Craig is even worse!!! Honestly, the readings are too much and they're really boring...his marking scheme is too difficult for an entry level course. Just watch your GPA fall.,1.0,5.0
I was really excited to take this class. Sadly, Dr. Craig's reliance on dull textbooks (a hundred pages of reading a week no less), ludicrous lectures and an unrealistic level of expectation on students ruined this class for me. This is one to avoid, it will not only bring down your GPA but give you a migraine in the process.,2.0,5.0
This course uses some of the worst textbooks I've ever used, and Craig admits that you're going to have to do your own outside research to really grasp the concepts in class. The insane amount of readings you have to do (100 per week on average, 200 at one point) should be avoided unless youare of the absolute hardcore minority out there.,4.0,4.0
he gave use way to much reading you'd have to read like 50 pages for the class and another 50-100 for his tutorial hes a nice guy in person but goes of track all the time in lecture and tutorial aviod this class take it if you have too craig skipped like 500 years of history and went righ to the 16-17th century cuz thats what hes interested in,2.0,5.0
Unfortunately, this is one of the rare cases where the professor knows too much about his subject. Because he's teaching 2000 years of history in 3 months, he'll often get sidetracked with details, which makes it difficult to understand the big picture. But if you're interested in the material, work hard and you can figure it out on your own.,3.5,4.0
My friend and I were so pumped for this course; we're both history students, and we're both interested in British history. Craig gave almost unintelligible lectures. He would jump from century to century with NO explanantion. I have tried to enjoy his class, and to be engaged with his lectures, but it's impossible.,1.5,4.0
John Craig is an old fashioned teacher that gets the facts across and expects you to work. That being said, if you do you'll do well and if you're having problems he's easy to talk to. Lots of reading, but he's cut back from the 6 books he used to use, so it's manageable. His lectures are a bit disorganised, but you can usually put it all together.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Craig is a really nice person and he is certainly well versed in British history. However, his lectures are terrible, very scattered with little attention to theme, his assignments are obscure and the reading...WAY TOO MUCH. In all honesty unless you have to take this course avoid it. You'll save yourself a lot of aggravation.,3.5,5.0
He's a very approachable professor, though that being said, the content in this course basically nullifies all that. Unless your thing is EARLY British history (think back to the Saxons, Normans, etc.) stay away from this course. WAY TOO MUCH READING.,5.0,5.0
Really nice man and a good professor. Really cares about students and always willing and available to help.,5.0,5.0
Wonderful, kind and amazing man. Cares deeply about his work and his students. Any course with him is time and money well-spent.,5.0,3.0
Great teacher made the class very fun, it was his partner in crime that made it hard to come to class on days when he wasn't teaching.,4.5,1.0
First thing that needs to be said is that this course had a massive amount of reading, and with no main text, it was hard to follow, which was a bit of a turn off. Craig was entertaining as a lecturer, but lectures were a bit disorganized. I might consider taking another course with him again, but only after checking out the amount of reading first,3.5,4.0
I'm going to be honest here. John Craig = Hottie. Despite this, I cannot forgive the massive reading load that was piled upon us poor 215 students. The lectures themselves weren't that bad, but once the semester was in full swing those readings were murder.,3.5,5.0
exellent course. the readings are a bit steep, but you really dont need to do all of them. He is very helpful, and willing to explain anything you dont understand, or just want to know more about. he is also very knowledgable and enthusiastic about the course content.,5.0,3.0
great prof, great lectures. but reading load is horrific, for a 200-level survey course. final exam consisted of difficult multiple choice, map identifications (which were not at all covered otherwise during semester) & fairly easy essays.,4.5,4.0
Don't take this class! Horrible, absolute turn off of British History. Disorganized lectures, reading and lectures 500yrs apart, no main text. Expect to learn the history of the British Isles on your own through research. Way too much reading for 200 level class, at least 200 pages a week, 6 non related books that require close reading and researc,2.0,3.0
Anyone who blames technical difficulties on "the damn scots!" is ok in my books. He's a funny proff with good knowledge of the subject. WAY TOO MANY readings though, and no course text to use with lectures. Expect to do at least 200 pages of readings unique from the material in the lectures each week.,2.5,4.0
Nice person, very interesting and captivating, but man- take it easy on the reading load; it is a semester, not a lifetime!!!!! Quite entertaining to listen too and can be quite funny while knowledgable at the same time. Biggest critisism- the insane amount of reading! Oh ya- sexy voice- can't get enough of those British accents!,4.0,4.0
Very nice prof, but extremly hard, notes are a no , no cause he is not very clear, demands a lot and does not consider the fact that you probably have other courses, expects you to read 2 books a week minimum, asks for a lot of research from primary sources written 200yrs ago which would be fine if it was not for all the additional homework.,2.5,5.0
Great Prof. Very energetic, which, coupled with his humor, makes for one fast lecture. He is also very interested in assissting students whenever they need help. His only downside is his slowness when it comes to marking papers and his tricky multiple chioce questions. Overall, highly recommended.,5.0,2.0
John Craig is an excellent prof,especially in an upper lvl course.Reading load is large but worth it in the end.He is SO helpful with research papers. Craig obviously loves teaching and cares about his students. I would recommend him to anyone.,5.0,3.0
Really lovely guy.,5.0,3.0
Funniest prof I've ever had. Should have his own sitcom. Great voice too, like a good documentary narrator's. His lectures are informative. Whatever the subject, he'll make it interesting.,5.0,3.0
Clever, knowledgeable, sweet, and um, rather attractive.,4.5,3.0
Just FYI...the accent is FAKE. Can you say, grew up in Steinbach, Manitoba???,1.0,5.0
He is a fantastic PERSON but a crappy PROF. His character is amazing but his lectures are schizophrenic. He's all over the place, making note taking very hard. He didn't use a supplementary text, so you have to do lots of independent research for terms etc.. He also takes ages to mark things,3.5,4.0
Wow, what a great prof! Funny, silly, odd, and ultimately mad! Truly cares about students and what we have to say. He's got your best interests at heart. Also hates Pabel, which legitimizes him in the eyes of most history students.,5.0,1.0
Great guy, great teacher, and extremely smart. He's extremely friendly and willing to help you with work/papers. But do your readings and research work. Very proffesional, but will totally be willling to extend dealines. Reminds me of 1000% nicer/friendler version of Pabel.,4.0,4.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
Very intelligent and funny yet is very slow at marking. His class was interesting enough and if you express a disire to imporve he will give his time and effort so that you may do so. Enjoy- from a 3.77 student,4.0,3.0
Anyone who plays Monty Python for the class deserves a smily face. One of the few professors at SFU who is truly not full of himself despite his intelligence. He treats his students with great respect. Lectures fast, but not boring.,4.5,3.0
such a sweetie! i love his class...he's so funny and he makes the material so interesting! class just seems to fly by!!!!,5.0,3.0
This is a very diificult course which is only exasperated by the haphazard manner in which he teaches. He takes a complicated subject and makes it more confusing with his lack of organization. He is quite funny though.,1.0,5.0
Such a little sweetheart. He's totally helpful, especially when you express a genuine interest in the course. He's bad with names and faces, however.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
No Comments,2.5,3.0
Was in his class in 1980/81. An excellent, engaging professor who made me think differently.,4.5,5.0
Thinks he's all that,2.0,4.0
His course, Understanding Social Change, was one of the best courses I've taken. A great lecturer who is engaging and interesting. Challenges your point of view.,5.0,3.0
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORING,1.0,5.0
fairly clear but tests are a bit demanding & indicative of his approach. questions towards the end of the test tend to be a bit abstact.,3.0,4.0
Tough as nails.,3.0,4.0
Great teacher! Very knowledgable and helpful. If you do your work and don't expect a free ride, it's very easy to get a good mark in his classes.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Yikes, what was he talking about? I didn't understand a word. His exams are hard too.,1.5,4.0
Reminds me of Brian Mulroney - no sense,1.0,5.0
extremely hard to get high mark.,3.0,5.0
Extremely passionate instructor,5.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
This man is an idealogue, he shouid have stayed in furniture sales,2.0,3.0
Execellent Prof,4.5,2.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
I had a background in economics and I understood absolutely nothing he said.,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE PROF very unclear and always off track,1.0,5.0
I HATED this prof! HATED!! HATED!! HATED!!,1.0,5.0
best prof at york...opened my eyes...too bad je,5.0,2.0
Yawn. I went to this class twice all year and got a C+.,2.0,1.0
Good thing York didn't keep this jass. His students suffered dearly GPA 3,1.0,5.0
I was in his class for three weeks and had to leave since he was too confusing!!,1.0,5.0
His test is so HARD!!!!!!!!,1.0,5.0
he's test+exams are mad crazy.. and he doesn't bell curve,1.0,5.0
An incredible professor! She is truly passionate about her students' success! She is, extremely knowledgeable. I highly recommend taking classes with her, the material can be challenging at times since it's information you haven't learned before, but she makes it interesting! DO NOT SKIP CLASS, this will make it really challenging to pass.,5.0,3.0
This prof will post power points used in class online for ur notes, her intro class is easy going. No exam. At the end of it, if you study, its an easy A+,4.0,4.0
Pretty god awful prof, found the class very interesting but she made it very hard to enjoy it. Her marking makes no sense, and she expects you to write everything she is thinking of.,1.0,4.0
Her anth class is so interesting to me. If you don't listen&don't take notes, you won't do well. Material isn't hard, I take notes&listen & get 90+. Ppl next to me are on their phones all class and get 60s. Her grading can be weird sometimes but if there's 2 possible answers, write them both and she'll mark it right if one of the answers is correct,5.0,2.0
My first year class with Moira was difficult and I was not a huge fan of her teaching. This years course with her was much different. I reached out to her for help and asked many questions. I can tell she prioritizes students that put effort into her class. She is a very caring and nice person, just make sure to introduce yourself at the beginning.,5.0,2.0
Listen I love Moira and I've taken many of her classes but.. I've found that she can be a bit of a bully and she will point out if you say something stupid. As her classes got harder I found that she would take off grades for things she never told us to do, or wouldn't understand why we wrote something when its exactly what she said to do.,3.0,3.0
Online learning's been hit-or-miss so far but I really looked forward to Moira's class every week! She is very kind & not a harsh grader as long as you actually read the textbook & watch lectures. She disclosed that online teaching was new to her but put so much care into building the course & was very transparent with us, unlike many other profs,4.0,3.0
Moira is one of the best professors at STU. She is so sweet and honestly such an inspirational human being (all around awesome). If you take any of the classes within the forensic minor, you will definetely be working for your grade as most things are lab based (takes time). Helps you really take in and understand/apply your knowledge though! (:,5.0,4.0
She often says one thing then tells you the opposite. She grades as if we have all of her experience but we don't. Amazing professor overall.,5.0,4.0
McLaughlin is a sweet prof but her lectures couldn't seem to keep my attention, especially at 8:30 AM three days a week. The only reason for giving her a low mark is because of dull lectures and unclear marking at times. Show up to class and put the work in and you'll be fine.,3.0,3.0
Moira is an amazing prof who really cares about her students. If you want to do well in the class then you need to properly prepare for tests and the in class assignments. If you don't show up, she will fail you. She is very passionate of what she preaches. Overall, great professor and a kind human.,4.0,4.0
Moira is an absolute sweetheart and I would take more courses with her if there were more for me to take! She is not someone you think you would get close to, but the more you talk to her the better of a human she is! Basically a 20/10 human,5.0,3.0
Best prof at STU hands down. Makes you work for your grade but she's amaziny,5.0,4.0
Moira McLaughlin is easily one of the best profs at stu! She is passionate about the material and it shows in how she teaches. The assignments are open book and are done in groups so it's a great way to boost your mark! She's very friendly and approachable, and is very respected in the field of physical anthropology. Plus, no final exam!!,5.0,3.0
Tough class but Moira is a fun prof and you learn a lot! Be prepared to work hard though.,4.0,4.0
Her assignments act well to help you learn the material in class and give you a good feel for the field. She can be a bit intimidating...I found when people asked questions in class she was annoyed. However, she is approachable after class and was willing to help me with a major assignment I struggled with. Very down to earth. DO NOT MISS CLASS.,4.0,4.0
Moira is the best professor I have had. She is tough grader on test and papers, but she gives many open book assignments to boost your grades. She is always more than willing to help, especially with essays and assignments. She speaks clearly and as long as you pay attention the lessons are easy to learn. You can tell she loves what she is teaching,5.0,4.0
I have taken almost all her classes, only one more to go. She is the epitome of a real professor and professional. She is approachable and genuinely cares about her students. She expects students to read the assignments, ask questions and complete projects. If you are looking for a role model, she is it!,5.0,4.0
VERY tough marker, and very inconsistent with her marking. kind of expects you to write the exact thing thats on her mind. however her open book assignments are easy and can help boost your grade a lot, she's incredibly smart lady who knows her stuff. You CANNOT skip her class, you won't pass.,3.0,4.0
Moira may be the hardest professor I've ever been taught from. Attendance is mandatory, and her tests hit you like a bus. With that being said, she's also the kindest, smartest person you'll ever meet. She really is extraordinary, and is a phenomenal professor. She really pulled me into anthropology, and if you're willing to learn, she's great.,5.0,4.0
Moira is very approachable. Funny without trying to be. I've taken 5 classes with her and she knows her stuff. Strict about no electronics and attendance. She sometimes does not realize that you don't know quite as much as her. As a prof, she gets her stuff done. As a person, one of the most insightful women you will ever meet.,3.5,4.0
Absolutely AWESOME professor. She will definitely get you prepared for actual forensic cases. It's a very difficult subject but as long as you put in the effort she'll be extremely helpful.,4.5,4.0
A good professor overall (see the hundred or so other positive reviews.) However, she gives less leeway than she ought when grading written answers on tests and assignments. I noticed she let herself get distracted by late-arriving students, however quiet their entry, and seemed annoyed when someone would raise their hand to ask a question.,4.0,3.0
Class attendance is mandatory, with no mark toward attending, she is not helpful. Clearly evident she has favourites especially when marking. Very difficult marker, does not explain things well. I definitely do not recommend her for any class!,1.5,4.0
Amazing professor. Difficult testing but nothing that wasnt covered in class. Attendance is MANDITORY. Missing a day is missing ALOT. Easy to talk to and willing to help if required. She is very smart and knows her stuff. I suggest taking any of her classes.,3.5,4.0
Very smart lady, assignments keep you interested. Actually look forward to the class even though it is at 8:30. Very approachable outside of class.,5.0,3.0
She was always polite and nice. Her class was very interesting and easy to understand. Some of the assignments were difficult, but overall an amazing prof. Definitely a favourite of mine.,3.5,4.0
Very friendly although she is a very, very difficult prof in regards to assignments. I honestly believe she expects so much more from students who simply do not understand the subject as well as she does. Its frustrating and unless you like lower grades avoid her class. She is a nice woman though.,3.0,4.0
This prof is extremely difficult. I am currently taking an intersession class with her, and she makes the in class assignments very difficult. You would need to be an expert in the field to identify the bone fragments. It is as if she enjoys watching students struggle and get very low grades (C's and D's). She is also very condescending. !!,1.0,5.0
This prof is nice to talk to, and knows alot about the subject. However the in class assignments are very hard. She makes you identify bone fragments, and as an intro course it is near impossible. If you want a good grade I suggest avoiding this class. As it is almost impossible to do well on the assignments.,2.0,5.0
Awesome prof. Very sharp but a little biased in her teaching. Takes a real intrest in her students. Easy course if you attend class and do read the chapters befor hand.,5.0,2.0
Great professor. Challenging classes, but tells you what she wants right away. Attendence mandatory. Enjoy all of her classes. When she makes jokes, they are usually funny.,4.5,4.0
Great prof, helpful and interesting. A little over zealous at times.,4.0,2.0
She is very organized. Attending class is mandatory, you are allowed 5 absences. She tells you from Day 1 what she expects from you and gives you all the important dates. Her class is very easy if you read the chapters and go to class. Overall one of my favorite profs.,4.5,2.0
Moira is super amazing. Best Prof i ever had, hands down. We still keep in contact even after I have graduated.,5.0,4.0
I really like this professor. She was definatly my favourite. She used power points and was very clear and precise with her information. :),4.5,3.0
Absolutely Love Moira, most likely the best prof i have/ will ever have!!!,4.0,3.0
Moira is a great professor. Her class was alot of work, but it was rewarding in the end. She keeps things very interesting so you will want to pay attention.,4.5,5.0
If you fall a bit behind she makes it very difficult for you to catch up, even when you go to her for help. She was not at all helpful and blatantly unwilling to help me in any way. I personally will defiantly not take another course with her.,2.0,5.0
I love Moira! I have taken every class I can with her. I minored in Forensic Anthropology, which was probably the hardest thing I have ever done in my life, but it was worth it. She teaches you everything you need to know to work up to Applied Forensic Anthropology. The only time she is vague is for the Lab work so that you can actually learn how.,3.5,4.0
Excellent prof, very knowledgable, tries very hard to make sure subject matter is interesting. Won't tolerate absences or slacking off when it comes to readings.,4.5,4.0
Worst teacher ever, she was rude, inconsiderate, stubborn, and useless.,1.0,5.0
Great prof, just not my subject. Her tests can be kind of hard and attendance is a must.,3.0,4.0
She's a really sweet woman with a lot to offer. She's also the forensic anthropologist for the RCMP in NB, so watch out - she has connections! Her assignments are worded very awkwardly at times, and she'll sometimes mark you wrong when you're in fact right, because she looks for her exact wording. Other than that, nice woman and good prof.,3.0,1.0
Human Evolution was a great class! i loved the prof. because she was super concerned about our understanding and about the subject itself...,5.0,2.0
I really like her. It was my first class of my first year. She is very aproachable and was enthusiastic of the subject matter. I was happy there was no mid term or final just quizzes, assignments and a final group presentation. Its and easy course and very interesting. I would definatly recommend it. She has a great personal touch to the course!,4.5,1.0
I really like her. It was my first class of my first year. She is very aproachable and was enthusiastic of the subject matter. I was happy there was no mid term or final just quizzes, assignments and a final group presentation. Its and easy course and very interesting. I would definatly recommend it. She has a great personal touch to the course!,4.5,1.0
I loved this class and her! She is the best prof at STU, hands down. The material is interesting and she makes it easy to understand. She's a fair marker and very approachable, she really tries to get to know her students. her class was always the highlight of my day.,5.0,3.0
She is a very nice, caring professor. She is so easy to approach and I like how she asks for the classes imput when it comes to tests etc. She tries her best to make the lectures interesting..although you really have to like anthropology to like this course. But overall, I would highly recommend taking one of her classes!!!,4.5,3.0
Very interesting class, especially the osteology part. Fair marking. If you love the subject, she's the professor for you!,4.5,3.0
I do not think my comments will help, she just is so scattered it is awful!,1.5,5.0
EXCELLENT PROF, expects to know stuff we never did, gets mad when we have never done it before and ddint do it prop[erly.. courses need to be taken however.. very interesting.,3.0,2.0
Excellent prof..one of STU's best. I would highly reccommend you take one of her classes. You learn a lot at a comfortable pace. Informative and Intersting can sum her up in two words.,4.5,2.0
She is so nice and her lecture is very good!,5.0,2.0
Moira is indeed one of the best profs at this school. She knows her material, and she teaches you it. She grades you on what you know, not how well your work fits some bland academic format. The reason I say it's easy is that she takes any material and makes it very very accessible and easy to learn,5.0,1.0
Excellent teacher,4.0,3.0
She is one of my favorite professors! She really sparked an interest in anthro for me, and now I regret that its to late to do a major in it. I would love to take a class with her again.,5.0,2.0
Moira is sooooo smart, man I wish I had her brain. You will come out of her class knowing something. She makes you work and she knows her stuff.,5.0,2.0
Moira is one of the best profs at STU. STU should be very grateful to have such a great prof. She really cares for her students and is willing to schedule time with you. Her classes are always interesting and you learn a great deal about forensic anth. Everyone should try to get classes with her!!!,5.0,2.0
Awsome Class, Awsome Prof!!,5.0,3.0
She's an awesome prof, and anyone that says different is lazy and/stupid.,5.0,5.0
Moira is the most honest prof you will meet. If she suggests that you are cheating then you were and there is no doubt about it. this is reference to the previous entry. She never reads just out of a book. This amazing person knows her material inside and out and is widely considered the top expert,5.0,1.0
Didnt really enjoy her..had a pick on me since the first day of class...she would assign group work then accuse me of cheating when my work was similar to someone elses...her notes were easy to take though and an open book exam is nice too,1.5,5.0
Amazing, amazing, amazing prof! I can't even begin to say how great Moira is and how awesome her classes are. I adore this professor, she is the best prof I've ever had and look forward to more classes with her! :),5.0,4.0
I love Moira she is absolutley amazing. She actually made me change my mind and want to do my minor in anthropology instead of psychology. Her classes are very interesting and she knows her material. Also the labs are great, tough, but so interesting...bones, bones and more bones :),5.0,5.0
Best prof EVER!! She knows soo much about the topic and not only does she teach it she lives it. Worm and amazing woman....anyone who bakes cookies and brings tea for the class on exam day is OK by me.,5.0,4.0
She is an amazing person! I probably would not have graduated without her encouragement. She is one of the best profs I have ever had. She is tough and you better work in her class though or she can be pretty harsh - but honest!,5.0,5.0
great lady who loves her work. hates the hockey team tho... who blames her!,5.0,1.0
Moira was an amazing prof. I loved her classes, her wit, and the cool props she brought to class. How many other profs work with the RCMP on crime cases and discuss them with the class (the solved ones, I mean, not the ongoing ones). She's excellent.,5.0,3.0
By far the coolest anth prof at St. Thomas! Moira was great. Her classes aren't easy but do your work and you'll be fine! Also very approachable! Thank you Moira for an amazing year!!!!,5.0,3.0
She is a great prof!,4.0,2.0
Incredible prof! Approachable, loves her field, and class is a joy to attend. However, don't miss class and stay on her good side. She has a bit of a quick temper, but she's fair and truly an asset to the university.,4.5,4.0
Makes classes interesting. So really no point in missing any. Fair,respectful, and approchable.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
Best prof I've ever had. Knows yr name, lvs what she teaches. Cool red hair!,5.0,1.0
Wonderful Prof. respects her students!,5.0,3.0
Great prof - enthusiastic and super intelligent,4.5,2.0
#1...only prof to congratulate me at convocation...Thanks Moira, meant a lot,4.5,4.0
Really great, fair, caring-eased transition into uni!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Very good teacher!!!! Nice and approachable!,4.0,2.0
Wouldn't miss a class! Fair and very interesting prof!!,4.5,4.0
She teaches Anthropology, not architecture.,5.0,3.0
He is extremely unclear with his expectations and grades somewhat capriciously. Definitely avoid. The content is easy, but his unclear expectations are extremely aggravating.,1.0,2.0
How is this teacher not fired yet. This is the worst class at sdsu, hands down! Take another teacher, if possible! Hard grader, slow response time, and slow to grade (for example, our final grades are in, but he has not entered grades from our last group projects!!!?) Expect to teach yourself with none to very little help from teacher. HORRIBLE!!,1.0,4.0
Worst class ever. Avoid taking this teacher! I learned nothing in this class, and for the amount of $ we pay as students- this is sad. Hard grader who is VERY picky on the smallest things! Takes forever to grade, and doesn't teach! Class consists of reading an article and teaching yourself. And somehow him expecting you to know what you're doing...,1.0,4.0
FIND A DIFFERENT PROFESSOR. Not helpful at all, grades harshly, and is very picky with what he wants. Be ready for a lot of frustration and confusion. This was definitely the worst class I have taken in my life.,1.0,5.0
I have never written any reviews for any professors here, but this was seriously the most frustrating class I have ever taken. He grades so harshly on things that are so specific and is not helpful with questions. Instructions were unclear and the way the points are set up is so wack. If you can get another professor, do it.,1.0,5.0
I should have withdrew while I had the chance. I chose to try and complete his class instead of withdrawing when I saw the first paper that was worth 1/3 of our grade in the first week. I am now having to do course forgiveness for the first time and am in actual tears for the third time because of this class. DO NOT TAKE HIM!,1.0,4.0
This is my second time through college and Professor Branch's class was the worst one I have taken. Yes, you can get an A, but his hassle isn't worth it. He sucks any interest of the subject matter out of you. Just awful. Take anything, with anyone else if you can.,1.0,3.0
Had weekly readings and discussion boards. 2 group projects which were not too difficult, instructions were a bit unclear but he was open to questions and suggestions.,5.0,2.0
Claims he wants all students to succeed, but gives no opportunity to be successful. Workload isn't heavy, but grading is harsh on things he doesn't specify. You reach out for help & he tells you to reread directions & try harder. He's very condescending and unhelpful. Wait another semester and get a different professor. WORST teacher I've ever had.,1.0,3.0
Very light workload, but very unreasonable grader. He will not own up to anything or respond to questions if he does not feel like it. This Professor cares more about himself than his students. Designs the course to benefit his ease of grading. Not a difficult class, but if you dont follow his every request he has no problem failing you.,1.0,3.0
Fairly unorganized. Takes a while to grade things, but the work if easy. A few times throughout the semester he was late to release the weekly modules, which was a bit annoying. Group project for an entirely online class is also a little hard to ogranize, but it was not horrible. Weekly discussion and quiz (easy), and a few larger projects.,2.0,2.0
Condescending. Doesn't answer emails, if he does it's up to a week later. Grades SO LATE. Most unorganized prof I've ever encountered. Boring and unprofessional. Every SINGLE week students had to remind him to post a quiz, or a reading or an entire module. Don't know why he became a professor, he clearly does NOT care about his students. HARD PASS.,2.0,4.0
This professor did not release his syllabus until 5 days after class started. He also did grade any assignments during the first month of class. Laziest person I have ever seen! Should be fired.,1.0,5.0
WORST PROFESSOR AT THIS COLLEGE! Wait another semester for a different professor. Do not let your academic advisors con you into taking his class.,1.0,5.0
online course, didn't lecture, which is odd. I think he expects us to learn through discussions and articles that he posts, which personally I have not learned a thing. He is very unorganized, condescending, and does not give feedback right away. Very very slow on grading assignments. DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR !,1.0,3.0
PUT ALL DUE DATES IN A PLANNER AS SOON AS YOU GET THE SYLLABUS. Doesn't require a textbook. Class is broken down into weekly modules but the due dates are inconsistent. Read the texts before taking the quizzes. Quizzes are short but questions challenging. Some answers are in ZOOM videos. Final paper was turned in to a group project last minute.,3.0,4.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR.,1.0,5.0
This professor is so unorganized. The quizzes are suppose to unlock on sundays for 24 hours but he doesn't post them and will post them randomly at a later time, making you miss the quizzes. He doesn't require a textbook and his video lectures are painful to watch. He makes you read articles for the text all written by him.,2.0,4.0
The class itself isn't too bad; a couple assignments are a lot of work but it's mainly group work or reading quizzes. The problem is Branch's organization. He never answers student questions on time or posts quizzes when he's supposed to, which makes an online course very confusing. Also, he goes way off topic during lectures.,2.0,3.0
Super unorganized. He is not clear to what he expects in the group projects. The quizzes are only 5 points. His extra credit opportunities are few but definitely take advantage.,2.0,3.0
The most unorganized professor I have ever had. Condescending and rude. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS.,1.0,3.0
DO NOT TAKE ANY CLASS WITH THIS PROFESSOR! He is unorganized to the point where you will lose points because of his own ineptitude. The lectures are useless, the assignments are unclear, and the window of time to complete assignments are slim and inconvenient to the class. Save yourself the time and money and choose a different professor.,1.0,3.0
This class was actually ridiculous. SO unorganized. Literally cancelled a midterm! And the quizzes can be tricky because they say they're based on readings, then they're actually based on an entire chapter! The only thing that saves this class is the FAQ because you can find out which assignments you don't need to do,1.0,2.0
Very unclear in what he wants from students. His schedule and syllabus he uploads are contradicting. He is unorganized, confusing and like many said, condescending. Pretty positive he hardly updates class materials/schedule/etc. assigns assignments/quizzes/midterm but will cancel them quietly even though students have completed them.,1.0,4.0
Very unorganized. Opened quizzes and closed them before anyone in the class could take them. Told us to check the syllabus for questions we had but they were never in the syllabus in the first place. included assignments that were not in the syllabus. Didn't explain what he wants on assignments then doesn't answer emails in time to turn it in.,1.0,3.0
Rude. Condescending. Technologically inept. Disorganized. Judgmental. Uses out of date CNN sources. First five minutes into the online class he said "I dont hear around of applause for not requiring you buy a text. You must all be rich students on mommy and daddy's money" VERY politically biased. Loaded and racist questions. Should not be teaching,1.0,5.0
This professor is knowledgable in his field, but that's the only thing he has going for him. Never have I had such a disrespectful, arrogant, and self-righteous professor. He blamed students for the many technical problems with Blackboard and Blackboard Collaborate instead of admitting his mistakes. In his mind, he can never be wrong.,1.5,4.0
This was the most unorganized class I have ever taken. There were many people who were confused by the syllabus and he never responds to emails. He is condescending if you have a different idea than his own and can be very offensive. Tests are very difficult and the final is 40 questions but only worth ten points. The readings were 40+ yrs old.,1.0,4.0
Professor Branch knows the subject very well. Taking his class taught me to value all cultures making a positive impact on my own culture. It was an easy class. You only have to read one or two articles per class, take an online 5 questions quiz and make a presentation.,5.0,1.0
Very knowledgeable professor; if you cannot take jokes and/or direct remarks then you will have a problem. He is not afraid to say what he thinks of you. This class really is very helpful for future teachers!! Pretty easy, just make sure you DON'T miss class too much (takes points away). Great class overall!,4.0,1.0
If you can't handle the truth, then this class may not be for you. You have to have an open mind and a receptive heart when you come in to class. He's knowledgable, intimidating, whimsical, and HILARIOUS. Thoroughly enjoyed it, and was entertained everyday.,3.5,1.0
Takes attendance.Kind man but chose ur words wisely b4 speaking becuz he will make u feel stupid.alot of readings n 3/4 of them are hard to understand.Instructions to projects are unclear. He said make a PowerPoint presentation n the whole class thought we were presenting but we just needed to turn in slides.2 group projects which 1 is presented.,3.0,3.0
avoid at all costs.,1.0,3.0
Horrible. Very knowledgable, but he is so anti-prejudice, that he is prejudice himself. Does not believe that a football coach can teach a subject! Very unclear grader, and it makes you mad just stepping into the class. I am a white male, so all the problems in teh world are my fault according to him. White people stay out of this class!,2.0,2.0
Do not believe any of these negative comments. I think the people that did not enjoy the class did not understand or think the curriculum was of any importance... to bad for them. Dr. Branch had a non-traditional approach in teaching. His class was fun and life changing. My knowledge on education has been forever expanded!,4.5,2.0
I kept Dr. Branch's book for reference in my own classroom and that has been helpful; but honestly, he is the ONLY Prof. of which I have such a lasting, negative impression. I watched him harass students for thinking differently, favor his own race over all others, and put other students down for sharing ideas. I'd never take any class of his.,1.5,2.0
I DO NOT recommend him. I got the flu this semester so i wasnt in class for 5 days but i completed all my assignments on time and got good grades on them. He graded me with a D because "knowledge cant be gained if you are not present." Unless you know u wont miss class (NO MATTER WHAT the circumstances) dont take this class!,2.0,4.0
Dr. Branch was great! Some may not agree with his view points, however, he knows what he is talking about. He has years of experience, and truly cares about his students,4.5,3.0
He sucks. Very condescending. If you have an idea or even just a question that goes against the point he is trying to argue, he won't even acknowledge it. His grading is crazy too. Avoid him!,1.5,2.0
like others have mentioned, show up, do they assignments (which are easy as he does not require any papers), put up with his "humor" and you will get an A. But if you really want a learning experience maybe this class is not for you,2.5,3.0
Rude,talks down to students, makes rude comments. I was afraid to even participate in class discussions b/c the way I saw him talk to other students. Assignment directions r not clear and when u ask 4 help he treats u like ur stupid for not understanding. Do not take him. an A in the course is 100-93; 93-85 B; 85-76 C and so on.,1.0,4.0
One of the worst professors I've ever taken. Seriously doesn't really introduce anything that would help with teaching in a multi-cultural education class. An ethnic poem, a culture bag, and a family history project are things I would expect in 1st grade, not in an upper division course. If you want an education take someone else. He is useless,2.0,3.0
Just attend class and youll be fine. Almost everyone in the class got an A. Jus so up. Best teacher ever,3.5,1.0
I will be honest. I got an A in this class, but I feel like I could have learned more from another teacher. He rarely talks about prejudice within other races besides black. I also felt he picked on the white kids in the class. Don't take this class if you are afraid of talking about race. Btw I didn't use the book and the workload isn't too bad,3.5,3.0
Dr. Dre IS awesome! I loved this class and never missed a day because I didn't want to miss anything he had to say. Dr. Branch cares immensely for his students. Expect to bring it when you go to class, but this class was engaging and wonderful. I learned so much about teaching, the world and myself. Oh, and I got an A+ easily. Love Dr. Branch!,4.5,1.0
He is very direct and gets to the real issues regarding race. I loved the man. He cared so much for our class. He bought us all dinner (7pm class) and loved all his students in class. I didn't even open the book and got an A and didn't even have to take the final. Just follow every direction he gives and you'll be good. He also gave extra credit,5.0,1.0
Rude, arrogant, over-sized ego. The WORST professor I have ever encountered at SDSU. I got married this semester and told him I would miss 2 weeks of school (2 out of 15 weeks) due to our honeymoon. He told me that I ?should not expect to pass his class with those absences? and that I needed to drop his class. Absolutely ridiculous.,1.5,4.0
Dr. Branch is a teacher who cares and can teach you about how crucial multicultural educatation is if you're planning on teaching. If you are a teaching candidate who is passionate about educating youth then you'll be inspired, but if you are afraid about discussing race and the "real" issues at hand then this isn't the class or career for you.,4.5,4.0
I have not experienced any of the problems that these others noted.He opened my eyes and taught me to look at teaching from a non eurocentric view. My only complaint is he is not very knowledgable about how to incorperate his lessons for the Highschool Math/Science teachers. He seems to focus on k-6, and English/Social Science.,4.0,2.0
Honestly worst teacher I have ever had at SDSU. Not only did he make students feel stupid, and guilty for being white, but also led some students to tears. He should NOT be teaching a class, let alone a multicultural education class. Assignments are unclear, and I left the class feeling as though I had learned nothing. DO NOT TAKE DR. BRANCH!,1.5,4.0
If you want to experience a horrible, mean, ****, hypocritical, intolerant, hateful, rude, unprofessional, uncaring, and terrible teacher, take this class with Branch. Otherwise, steer clear. I left his class in tears every week because he treated his students so disrespectfully. He is the worst teacher I have EVER had.,1.0,5.0
He is very opinionated... with examples in class he will only use African American...When asked why he won't use Hispanics he said its not the same. He also told us we would have the last 4 days to work on group project... but then the last 2 days showed video that left us with only a 1/2 an hour each day to work on Curriculum Development.,1.5,2.0
This is not the class to take if you're looking for a free A. He makes you WORK and THINK. He doesn't waste his time or respect students who aren't willing to PUT IN THE TIME. This class focused on multi-cultural education- and he presented it in a no-**** format. Syllabus very clear. I came out of it with an A (I'm a B average student).,5.0,4.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! The assigments are pretty easy and I ended up getting an A but it is NOT worth all the trouble you will go through to argue with him about your grade and him trying to make you feel stupid. He is prob. the most obnoxious teacher at SDSU!,1.0,3.0
This is really a pretty easy class. There is an insane amount of reading but I never really read a thing and got an A. He is really sweet, but he never clarifies what it is that he wants as far as assignments go. He also always let us out late and would tell us the reading assignment as an afterthought, eventhough there was always a quiz on it.,3.0,4.0
He is one of the worst teachers I have every had at SDSU. PLEASE, if you are thinking about taking this class DO NOT take it with him. It would be better to go out of your way to take another class than to take it with him.,1.0,2.0
Great course material and interesting, but Professor sucks! Very obnoxious and should not be teaching. Gives unclear directions and grades harshly. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH HIM! He is also very hard to get intouch with if you have a qusetion. Assigns too much work for only a 3 unit class!,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
Dr. Dre was the best. I don't know what anyone is talking about - the other posts must have been from whinning babies. It is a great class for class clowns.,5.0,2.0
He made me hate the idea of Multicultural Education. Dr. Branch enjoys making a scene of his student's "ignorance" and listens to only one side of the story: his own. It's very hard to be a white person in his class because he feels that it is okay to use racial slurs for white people, but not for anyone else. He doesn't set a good example for us.,1.5,3.0
Class finished in October, 2 months later still no grades. Hello? Other professors can get grades posted in a reasonable time. This man has no place in a university setting. SDSU: get rid of him!,1.0,4.0
Dr. Branch knows his subject well, unfortunately he is not kind or caring in his approach. Enjoys making his students feel inferior and stupid. Take any other professor for this class. I wish I had.,2.5,4.0
Horrible - Never on topic - unclear - never returned papers - avoid at all costs,1.0,3.0
,1.0,3.0
unfit for teaching social studies. offensive, insulting, unorganized, narcisistic tendencies.,1.0,4.0
Just go to class each week and you should pull a B. If he makes harsh comments just point it out to him (politely). He knows a lot about the subject, but seemed to get side tracked and take the long way to the point,3.5,2.0
DONT TAKE WITH BRANCH!! I hated this teacher. assigned terrible work. is writing a new book and our reading assignments were more for his benefit. they were written by him or someone he knew. YUCK,1.0,4.0
Do not recommend his class because he is rude, assigns lots of work, and feels he is superior to all...yuck!,2.5,4.0
dr. branch has been my most inspiring teacher at sdsu. he is very opinionated and he makes you think. do not be afraid to speak up, he makes comments that can be disturbing but that is more the reason to spek your mind. great teacher that loves to eat and is very helpful if you ask.,4.0,3.0
Dr. branch is a best of both worlds. He is good for the fact that he knows what he is teaching for the most part. And has a great passion for what he teaches. He can be very harassing to people which in my opinion was his biggest flaw. However, you will learn a lot from him, and if you talk to him out of class, he will help make sure you pass.,3.0,3.0
He is a very intelligent and passionate teacher. The class is very interesting and students learn a lot. It is thought provoking and truly exposes future teachers to the reality they will have to face. He seems pretty hard and perhaps scary at first but he is a great individual and truly cares about the students, it is a great experience!,3.0,3.0
Dr. Branch is a very passionate man and is convicted in his views. If you can follow directions and bite your tongue, you will get a good grade. As long as you do the work, your an idiot if you dont pass...just be prepared for him pushing his views on you and the HUGE chip on his shoulder. BE VERY RACE SENSITIVE!!!!!!!,3.0,3.0
Wasn't too sure I liked him at first, and then he grew on me. I think he really cares about his students, although he can be a bit dramatic and moody.,4.0,2.0
Dr. Branch can be a nice man if you say everything he wants to hear. Did not learn much in this class. It's his way or no way. He's a moody individual that needs to take a class on teacher etiquette. Everyone in class kisses his ass because they are afraid of him.,2.5,3.0
He is the worst teacher that I have ever had at SDSU - he is unclear, unhelpful, and makes students feel dumb when they respond to his questions.....don't take him!,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
Dr. Branch is one of the best prof. I have ever had. His class is thought provoking and effective. His teaching style may not work for all, but I enjoyed every bit of my experience.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Branch is a very knowledgable and passionate professor. I would not, however, recommend taking his class. He often calls on people randomly and embarasses them if they don't know the answer. His lectures are confusing, he struggles to get to his point,2.5,2.0
I loved dr.Branch,an inspiration for future teachers. be prepared for long midterm (exam) but I didnt have any problems. really funny, we ate dinner in class every week,4.5,2.0
Nice man- very emotional... easily frusturated...cried a few times in class. Tough grader, and sometimes not very understanding. Go to office hours, and he will work with you.,3.5,2.0
Knows alot, but can't get his point across. He is flexible. He is not a good teacher, way too confusing. Way too PC!!,2.5,3.0
Very inconsiderate of his students, is knowledgable but not a professor I would ever recommend to a friend.,1.5,4.0
Excellent teacher...a must take for future educators!,5.0,3.0
A really funny guy - he teaches a crappy class, but don't judge him by the material. Fun to talk to and interesting to learn from....probably my best teacher this semester.,5.0,1.0
Very good teacher teaches from all points of view; prepares you to be a good person and teacher,5.0,3.0
Very Fair, allows students to decide if they want to take final exam or accept grade as is prior to final. Very Funny and Nice.,4.0,2.0
Very nice and funny. Hard test, boring material and pointless class...,4.0,3.0
No Comments,2.5,3.0
Run away....run away very fast or you'll be sorry,1.0,4.0
He was a tough teacher but very funny and real nice.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
Very rude, class is a waste of time, miss 3 days grade drops one letter. Boring,1.0,5.0
lots of handouts and films,4.0,2.0
online course - Whitted called us to learn about social problems/differing viewpoints, form our own opinion, and express our opinion freely. I appreciated having a safe place to do this, and he never docked me for expressing unpopular opinions. While he does respond to your posts critically, it makes you think more deeply. A great mental challenge!,4.0,3.0
I took this class online. He makes you buy the book then tells you to read 4 chapters and provides a date to when the test is. The test is in essay form. There is no interaction with the professor. He will only respond to you if use the course message board. He provides no format requirement on the essay. There is zero learning opportunity,1.0,3.0
I absolutely loved this class when I took it a few years ago, he was super funny and I loved how the class has actual discussions about our opinions on social problems today. It was extremely easy if you pay attention and not many tests/quizzes but you have to participate in class also we read either 2 or 3 books and had a few articles to read.,5.0,2.0
It's weird because he seems funny but I hate his class so much. All he does is repeat himself over and over again. The lectures are very boring especially when no one wants to talk. If you give your opinion he will try and argue it no matter what you say, which is why no one wants to say anything. It's an easy class if you show up and take notes.,2.0,2.0
Make sure to show up to class. Doesn't post on blackboard. Traditional lecturing style. Write everything down. Final grade is based on 2 tests and the final. There's always a discussion so be prepared to talk. Mostly about liberal and conservative points of views on different topics. Repeats himself multiple times. Can sometimes be funny.,2.0,3.0
All you have to do is show up to class, listen, participate in class debates and his class is a breeze. Testing criteria is a little vague but he answers all questions when asked. Hes not as dry as people say he is and his classes are very engaging and interesting. No homework besides studying. Good Professor.,3.0,1.0
Professor Whitted has to be one of the best teachers I have ever had through my student career. He is intelligent, inspirational, and has a good sense of humor; however, if you can't handle critical thinking than I do not recommend you take his class. If you like a bit of a challenge and an intelligent teacher, then I highly recommend him.,5.0,3.0
He's good in the way that he doesn't let you slack (grading wise you'll fail if you don't do the work), but Professor Whitted is not teacher material. Assignments weren't clear. When I asked questions he seemed irritated, and I would email him long before things were due but he wouldn't get until after the due date so I had to guess what he wanted,2.5,4.0
At first I thought he was boring but as the semester progressed he wasn't boring anymore. Tests are a sort of hard but as long as you study you will do fine. Overall not a bad professor.,3.5,2.0
Great class, learned a lot about social problems. He is very clear and direct in his lectures... Take lots of notes!! Show up, you pass. Easy class and really enjoyed it. Not many assignments, but know your material. Great professor, funny and very intelligent. If you like debating, take this class!,3.5,1.0
As a 4.0 student at my four year college I received by first B. The content is terrible, and there are no clear instructions anywhere.,2.0,5.0
Whitted isn't as bad as everyone says he is. He actually makes the class fun and is actually not unfriendly and arrogant. He is very open minded to everyone's opinions. His tests are hard so make sure you read the book and study your notes. If you're looking for a fun class then I'd suggest taking this class with him.,5.0,2.0
I have no idea how anyone can say he is arrogant!!! He's so helpful and easy going. He doesn't expect much from you aside from attending class, taking notes, and studying your notes... If you attend class there is no way you can do bad! Even if you don't study! This was such a fun class and I learned alot.. take him if you can! :),5.0,2.0
I came to really enjoy this class and believe he is a GREAT professor. We had tons of discussions, and he would always debate both sides regardless of his true personal opinions. He constantly had me thinking and viewing things from different perspectives. Everything on the exams were things we went over in class multiple times and in depth.,5.0,2.0
I know that many students dislike him because he's mean and unapproachable but I didn't think he was. I actually found him to be fun and a good teacher. He is a hard guy but that's what you should expect in college. It will help if you got to know him a bit outside if class. One of those professors that prepared me for the 4 year level.,3.5,3.0
this guy should not teach history at all. he makes it a bit harder as it shouldn't be. quite rude and isn't really clear of what he's teaching. tries to make it fun but does a bad job doing that. he is an ok teacher but would definitely not take another class with him. class would have been more interesting if I took it with someone else.,2.0,3.0
Professor Whitted was extremely unapproachable and unfriendly. He didnt respond to emails until 2-3 days later and his test were extremely specific. Overall I would not recommend taking this class with him.,2.0,4.0
i don't get why so many students dislike him because he's mean and horrible. he is willing to help you out and make the class fun by having discussions. everyday he's either grumpy, happy, or funny but he is a good teacher.,3.5,3.0
Extremely unapproachable and arrogant. His lecture is so dry and uninteresting. He spends an ungodly amount of time on one subject. His syllabus is not clear at all, and he is just a terrible professor. I would not recommend taking any of his classes.,1.0,4.0
he is an ok lecturer. smart and knows his history and all but the lectures can be dry at times.,2.0,2.0
Not bad. Class discussions could be fun, encourages you to think from a different perspective so he will always argue with you for the sake of argument. Work was minimal, 3 tests, 1 group project, and 1 paper.,3.0,3.0
Leeland Whitted was one of the most enjoyable professors I ever had a chance to take at BCC. People on here site his "single mindedness" but that was what the class was about. You were supposed to argue with him! If you had a liberal view he would take the complete opposite approach just for the sake of an argument. I would recommend him.,5.0,1.0
HE SUCKS! ALL HE DOES IS TALK ABOUT WHAT HE THINKS IS RIGHT! HE WILL IGNORE YOU IF YOU GO AGAINST WHAT HE THINKS & YOUR ALWAYS WRONG IN HIS CLASS NO MATTER HOW MUCH INFO YOU HAVE TO PROVE HIM RIGHT! HE HAS NO IDEA WHO HIS STUDENTS ARE! YOUR BETTER OF WITHOUT THE 3 CREDITS THAN ATTENDING HIS CLASS.,1.0,5.0
I found him to be a good professor who challenges you to look at things in a new perspective.,4.0,4.0
I never missed a class and received my first non A at BCC. I guess that makes him hard. I would have to guess that happened because I was never really sure what was going to be on the test. I taped recorded the review classes and still did poorly. Other than that I enjoyed his class.,2.5,3.0
Professor whitted was very good at the start of the semester in hiding the fact that he was democrat. As the semester rolls it is very clear he is a left wing liberal just like the majority of BCC professors.I cant wait till the class is over.And i can stop listening to this liberal bull.,2.5,1.0
i cant believe some of the comments left about this professor. i thought that the class was very interesting. he incouraged debate and never gave a one sided answer. there wasent very much work envolved. the only thing i would suggest is to NOT NOT miss a test that was seldome given because he will make you write a really long paper to substitute,4.0,1.0
His class was a complete waste of my time. He is an arrogant man who only shows up for class occasionally. He thinks he is above the law and doesn't show respect where it is due. If he were not tenured, I doubt he would be able to keep his job. However, if you want an easy A, maybe his class wouldn't be such a bad idea.,1.5,1.0
I would actually show him respect, if he gave any. He fails to take class seriously, this is college, we pay for his attendance, with out it hes a joke and waste of our time and money.,1.5,2.0
This professor is not to bad because he revues material before a test and lectures about stuff that pertain to the class.,4.0,1.0
Thank God this class will be over next week, He ignores you, doesn't get back to you in e-mails, when teaching, he's all over the board, Very confusing and hard to follow......this class was a waste of brain space!,1.5,5.0
Lee and I actually fought over assignments. He's an odd fellow who lip balms his eyebrows and doesn't like to be told he's wrong. On the final project he wrote me back a page long reply saying how much I was pompous for not changing my paper to exactly what he wanted me to say.,1.5,3.0
Very boring, he gave a huge study sheet out two days before the exam...not very nice.,1.0,1.0
never looked at a student, never anwsered emails,,1.5,3.0
Should Never have been given a teaching degree. You need a lecturer, who can talk non-stop, without interuption, call him. textbook misanthrope, dislikes people, lives in his own little world, where everyone else is mute and only he can talk arrogant, I've met ex-convicts who had better social skills. always late. expects you to do all the work.,1.0,5.0
HE JUST TAUGHT. HE DIDN'Y EVEN CARE ABOUT WHO WE ARE HE HARDLY EVER TALKED TO US EXCEPT TO LECTURE. HE WAS BORING.,2.0,3.0
Hardly ever showed up to class. Was late when he did show up for class. When reviewing he didn't review he just asked questions to make us debate eachother. No teaching involved in that what so ever. This class is just an opinion class on what everyone thinks.,2.5,2.0
Just argue in his class and you get an A. Losers.,5.0,1.0
Very unapproachable professor. Doesn't seem to care anything about being there except to get a paycheck.,2.0,3.0
I thought he was a great teacher, he really knows the material. Particiaption in class is key to your grade. He brings up interesting points and allows you to express yourself on all things and never judges. Great Teacher!,4.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
good,5.0,2.0
Whitted is great. Yes, he will debate any answer you give him, but the course is designed to make you THINK. He knows the material inside and out, has a sense of humor and encourages debate, from the right AND left points of view. Great class, and I don't even like sociology!,4.5,2.0
This class was a waste of time. He is so boring. We always had to read articles, but they always said the same exact thing. Complete waste of time.,1.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
Don't take this class. He still doesn't know most of our names by end of semester. He is biast towards certain things, especially doesn't like law enforcement. Comes to class unorganized and never gives assignments on time.,2.0,3.0
PLEASE DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. He was horrible. I had to convince my mom to let me drop the class. The breaking point was when i tape recorded him giving the class 10 reason why Bin Laden was justified. need i say more. I dropped.,1.0,1.0
he is a mojor lib. and always ends with a liberal note. He is how ever fun to debate with. Tests are somewhat skewed, questions on stats? Ask any economics proff and they will be able to spin data to meet anybodys wants.,4.0,3.0
Interesting class, Whitted has some favoritism but is generally a good teacher,5.0,4.0
Great teacher i dont know what the hell these people are talking about on here!!! Take him...very entertaining and not boring at all!!!,5.0,4.0
awful. arrogant and fairly two dimensional in presentation. it doesn't seem as though the guy has any personality,1.0,5.0
Very Easy. Presentations were dumb and useless and tests came word for word out of the book.,3.0,1.0
Great class, great professor. Excellent understanding of current world issues.,4.5,2.0
arrogant and unfriendly,2.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
reads from the book when he "teaches",1.0,5.0
Shes honestly amazing!! Highly recommend taking her class, I mean her final is lunch at her house! Wonderful,5.0,2.0
Connie is one of the greatest professors I have ever had. I had a lot of problems with health when I was taking her class and she was very helpful in getting me to pass the class. Her motto is to learn the topic and grade if they learnt it. She doesn't go by crazy tests or anything like that. She's all about learning and she's super sweet and kind.,4.0,1.0
AMAZING PROFESSOR!,5.0,3.0
Fun!,4.5,1.0
Ed Psych is fun and easy, but I think I learned more from that than any of my hard classes. She's an awesome teacher, and applies what she teaches. She provides alternative assessments so that if you try you can do well. She also isn't shy with her As. She's so much fun and very helpful.,5.0,1.0
Great Prof! I loved the classes I had with her and still enjoy listening to her lectures or chapel speeches. She's very approachable and transfers the love of education and teaching on to her students! It's great to know a wonderful person like Connie!,5.0,4.0
she's the best!,5.0,3.0
oh my goodness....she is thee sweetest and most wonderful prof in the world! She must have been the best elementary school teacher man... I will NEVER forget Connie and she will always be a part of my career and life.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Connie is awesome!!!!,5.0,3.0
Outstanding Class, lots of great ideas that can will be used,5.0,3.0
THE best any college can offer.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Awsome. Hands down, the best HC has to offer.,5.0,3.0
Connie is THEE best! Not only does she KNOW what she's talking about but she does ALL she can to improve the teaching system as well as her student's knowledge of it. She's hilarious and makes learning so much fun! She's the best there is!,5.0,3.0
Connie is the coolest!! I'm so blessed to have gotten to have her this semester. :) She is a phenomenal woman in every way I can see. Kudos!!,5.0,3.0
amazing teacher with a lot of experience,5.0,1.0
Connie is a wonderful person and a fabulous teacher. I can't say enough about her!,5.0,3.0
The best professor I ever had!,5.0,4.0
finney is a real and wonderful person both in and out of the classroom. she is a genuine person who's faith should be clearly seen by anyone who knows her. i'm glad i got to know this professor.,5.0,3.0
she's a wonderful teacher, very approachable and a great person.,5.0,2.0
Connie is very approachable. She's great!,5.0,4.0
I wanted to include hilarius as well. I wasnt there long enough to really make a difference but I ran out of money. I would take the course again. He impressed upon us to attend the lectures to make sure the student heard the lecture in person for the sake of inflection in the voice,etc. Brock is very lucky they have him.,5.0,4.0
I ran out of money before I was able to finish my course and I was so hurt that it took along time to recover. Getting ahead is important to me for my sake and my son. Professor Mitterer was an answer to getting ahead and also getting to know the universe. I am retired and going back to psychology and I have him to thank.,4.0,4.0
Good lecturer, but you can't skip either class or readings. Entertaining if you are interested in the course material.,4.0,3.0
A really amazing professor. He is very nice and passionate about psychology. He often shared personal stories which made the lectures very interesting. I will miss having him!,5.0,3.0
wonderful professor. knows what he's talking about and makes lectures interesting. going to be missed.,5.0,3.0
Confusing lectures as he likes to combine lectures and teach half of one lecture and half of another. Usually lets us leave early though. A lot of reading to do to be able to understand the lectures. Lectures can get kind of all over the place and confusing. But he seems like a good guy who really is inspired by psychology and loves his work,3.0,4.0
He's a great professor! Lectures can seem a bit monotone but stick it through, it's worth it! If you go to lectures and listen you'll do fine in the class.,4.0,3.0
He's a good guy,5.0,3.0
Sometimes hard to follow in lecture, but gives great hints for the exam if you show up. Textbook readings very important to understanding lecture material. If you're going to do anything, READ THE TEXTBOOK!,3.0,3.0
Dr. Mitterer is the nicest professor at Brock. He is pretty monotone but makes good jokes and is so friendly and makes you want to do well in his class. It is stressful because everyone says the exam is so hard but it wasn't that bad and he gives a lot of hints! The one paper is really long and tedious and a huge pain but overall John is great!,4.0,4.0
I really liked John, he seems to really care about his students. He managed to make intro material interesting (which is usually not the case). His exam was extensive, but he gave lots of hints in lecture about what was important to study. I loved his lectures, and enjoyed the readings he assigned. I hope I get to take more of his classes.,5.0,3.0
Honestly such a sweet man, a lot of reading but thats okay.,4.0,4.0
Makes complicated content digestible by putting it in context using examples from everyday life More organized than the other professors I experienced ( uses the digital platform, posts materials on time and follows schedule) All around good guy who engages students after class and seems passionate about Psychology beyond publishing,4.0,4.0
Mitterer has a very monotone voice when lecturing. He seems to be very sweet and would regularly show us cool pictures at the beginning of lecture. Despite this, when he went through course material it seemed to be irrelevant on the exam and any assigned work. I probably could have gone to no lectures and passed the semester with flying colours.,2.5,3.0
Great guy, just hard to follow along in lecture.,2.5,4.0
Really nice guy but explanations of course material we're very confusing. I barely attended the lectures because I felt I would learn more by reading the textbook than by sitting in class listening to him. Still received good marks though (the textbook is definitely key.),2.5,4.0
Very cute professor but lectures are long, boring, and not sure whats going on half the time. Wish he would speak up because this class could be very interesting! Also, get the modeuls done when assigned... they are a lot of work if you leave them till the end.,1.5,3.0
He does a good job summarizing key points of readings and keeping the class attentive. However, I still found that the readings for the classes were far more useful than the lectures.,3.5,4.0
He is a fantastic human being. He really knows what he is talking about and for the most part is very good at helping us understand the content. But definitely do ALL the readings in the textbook because sometimes he can be confusing. Can go off topic sometimes, and get ready to watch TED talks in tutorials. Overall pretty good prof!,3.5,3.0
very boring and just dull,1.5,4.0
Dr. Mitterer is a very experienced, He really knows what hes talking about! He welcomes all his students, hes great with communicating with us, the lectures are so fulfilling just VERYY long!,4.0,1.0
Not helpful. Would start talking about one topic and then would pause and discuss a completely different topic in the class (makes it very difficult to make notes).,1.0,5.0
Awesome professor!,4.0,3.0
Lectures are only loosely related to the textbook material, which is what your exams are on. Lectures are mostly personal anecdotes which makes it very hard to take notes. Seems more interested in talking about sociology (postmodernism and his beloved French philosophers, Foucault, Derrida etc.) than the actual subject he's teaching.,1.0,4.0
I love this class, always kept me interested, which is a hard thing to do as I get distracted easily,5.0,4.0
Took 1F90 in first year (now in third) and still by far the best class I have ever taken. Mitterer is SO interesting to listen to. The 2 hour lectures flew by. And who can forget "pugs not drugs" :),5.0,3.0
Excellent. Changed to Psychology as a major because of Professor Mitterer. Wish I could do it all over again.,5.0,4.0
AMAZING prof!! By far one of the best! Makes everything so interesting! Can tell he really cares about what he's teaching.,5.0,2.0
I LOVE JOHN he was my favourite professor! He always knew what he was talking about and made 2 hour lectures a lot less boring,4.5,2.0
I found his lectures very interesting. We didn't just sit and scribble notes, we watched videos, etc,5.0,1.0
,2.5,4.0
Great lecturer. Lectures complimented the textbook well. The course is difficult, lots of content and lots of work, but expectations and guidelines are clear, and help is always available. Interesting content as well.,4.0,4.0
Tough class, not a bird like you may think. Attend lectures as all the short answer exam questions are lecture content. Textbook super helpful and M/C is based entirely on it. Exams are crazy hard but I did well on the paper so I did fine.,2.5,4.0
Mitterer has excellent teaching styles. He doesn't just read off of slides but makes you have to go to class to get the information. He also taught me how to study properly and introduced me to some very interesting topics! Also, he had a lot of office hours and was always happy to help. Excellent prof, and the class was rewarding!,4.5,2.0
I took psyc as an elective my 2nd year at brock...I would go to class just to listen to him because he made the material so interesting...I changed my major to psychology because of Mitterer that year ...the class is not easy but it was interesting! Enjoyed every minute of it. Amazing prof.,5.0,2.0
I found John to be a great speaker, very organized and somewhat amusing. The exam on the other hand was rather lengthy and difficult for an introductory course. His lecture and assigned readings never really correlated with each other and it was pretty stressful studying both material for the exam. The Aplia part of the course was also a nuisance.,2.5,4.0
John is a good professor - I felt though that his lectures had nothing to do with the readings in the text. The project is annoying and really has nothing to do with what we were studying. I feel like I learned nothing about the brain. I wouldnt avoid the class with him, but dont expect it to be super interesting.,4.5,2.0
Great at speaking.,5.0,3.0
Really nice guy, but the course is suuuuper hard,3.0,4.0
I thought he was an okay professor. He wasn't horrible but wasn't too great either. Didn't like lectures because it was hard to take notes and his lecture slides sucked.,2.5,3.0
Little bit monotone, but if you were paying attention, you would catch funny remarks in his lectures. He's overall a great prof, who takes a genuine interest in his class,4.0,3.0
so MONOTONE!!!! puts you to sleep when he says hello. so so so hard to pay attention for even one half of class.,1.0,4.0
One of the best profs at Brock.,3.5,3.0
Interesting subjects, so anyone could make it an enjoyable class..agree with other reviews about him being dry and monotoned. However I did enjoy the class and thought he was exceptionally intelligent.,2.5,5.0
You are very nice but kinda creepy! Your students have a hard time doing all your readings. Just sayin.,4.5,3.0
OMG cannot stand this teacher! he talks about nothing that are on his pwoerpoints and goes off on random branches that confuse me. I basically learn from the textbook because i go to class and learn nothing for 2 hours. Also he is a bit of a pompous idiot, he wrote the text so he thinks he is great. MONOTONED! hate sitting in this class for 2 hours,1.5,2.0
OMG can not stand this prof. The way he does his lectures are soooo confusing and very boring. It is absolutely death sitting in this class for 2 hours. I say textbook use is high because it is clearer if you learn out of the textbook. I also say not mandatory because it is useless and so confusing. He talks about nothing on his power point.,1.5,2.0
He's the best!,5.0,1.0
The best class I've taken at Brock! He has to be my absolute favourite professor in all of my 3 years. I wish he taught other classes as well!,4.5,4.0
There's a lot of hype surrounding him because he's won a bunch of awards, which I think that he lives up to for the most part. I have nothing bad to say about him, and he explained the material very well.,4.5,2.0
Amazing teacher, and he's gorgeous too!!!!,5.0,3.0
John Mitterer was the best prof I ever had! Very student oriented, interesting lectures, able to explain material clearly, he's just generally very good at what he does. If he can't get you interested in the subject noone can.,5.0,2.0
he is a very smart and passionate teacher. i enjoyed him although some of the material first semester was difficult it was a very well done class.,4.0,4.0
He's an amazing smart man, and very interesting!,5.0,4.0
very clear and concise teacher,5.0,4.0
Mitterer was an excellent lecturer..you can tell he puts a ton of energy into presentation. Easy as hell too, because he GIVES AWAY THE ENTIRE SHORT ANSWER SECTION OF THE EXAM BEFOREHAND! (Now's the time to laugh at anyone complaining about difficulty). I found he had a tendency for making odd "sneaky" political spins on things here/there,but meh,4.5,1.0
BEST teacher ever!! really interesting class too. he really cares about teaching and it shows, loves it.,5.0,3.0
Facebook addicts know what they're talkin about. John Mitterer IS God's equal. I didn't think it was possible for me to love psychology more, but my first year here, and Johnny M. encouraged me to submerge my life in it.,4.5,4.0
Not my cup of tea.,1.5,5.0
best class ive ever had. hes fun and interesting, not to mention hes pretty nice to look at too,5.0,3.0
I loved prof. mitterer. he was helpful, understanding and very funny. he made things interesting for the class,5.0,3.0
Excellent teacher. Incredibly intelligent.,3.0,4.0
No Comments,2.5,3.0
i love mitterer, he makes lectures interesting for his students... and he always throws down rediculous jokes. best prof i've had thus far,5.0,1.0
Very boring Professor, spits out too much information to learn, textbook written by him is my bible for the class as I dont learn from lectures,3.0,5.0
No Comments,3.0,5.0
BEST DOCTOR ever. Im in love with you sir.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
Absolutely loved the course and this professor. I was so sad when we switch to Belicki. He's so amazingly smart and teaches everything very well. The material and assignments were hard, but not if you paid attention and actually put in some effort. Awesome job Mitterer!!!!,4.5,5.0
Uses a lot of examples when teaching concepts but spews out way too much information to learn in one class.,3.0,3.0
good teacher,3.5,4.0
Mitter is my favorite prof by far. He explains well and he seems like a very smart and approachable guy if you need help.,5.0,2.0
Great Prof, Keep up the good work,5.0,2.0
he explains things well and is funny!,4.0,3.0
sooo good,5.0,1.0
Great professor and great class. It was very deep and thought provoking!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
The best teacher I have ever had.,5.0,3.0
Very tough professor,4.0,5.0
You go, Prof Mitterer. The best class ever!!!,5.0,2.0
Very interesting. Really cares about his subject.,5.0,1.0
A great teacher who really cares!! Sure it's hard, but what worthwhile class isn't?,4.0,3.0
Very smart prof who knows how to put a class to sleep.,2.0,5.0
Talks to us like we have PHD's.,1.0,5.0
Awesome,4.0,4.0
1F90 is a fair course. Sometimes, if you do poorly, you have to take into consideration your ability level and stop blaming the poor prof. university is about taking responsibilty for yourself! remember that for every course you take, there are always those who are getting 90s.. get it?,4.0,2.0
Really smart prof!!,3.5,5.0
This course was really challenging. I liked Mittrer's style though. He seemed interested in what he was teaching and wanted to get the best possible results from his students. Mitterer was professional and personable and seems like a very intelligent person.,4.0,4.0
Terrible prof. Worst prof at Brock.,1.0,5.0
Wow, he is absolutly the most boring professor I have ever had. I never fall asleep in class but in his I almost did every lecture!,1.0,5.0
He did a great job making the information interesting even though it is extremely difficult. Study hard because you will need to! His exam is very challenging. He is an excellent prof who demands the best from his students.,4.5,4.0
He's awesome!,5.0,3.0
Interesting textbook he wrote,4.5,5.0
he's professional, yet still personable. he's exactly what i pictured university profs to be like. this is the only first year course that actually challenges as it should. i feel a little sorry for all the brock jock arts majors that are going to fail.,3.5,2.0
Good prof, interesting lectures, but impossible exam. He likes to fail students. His exams are of MIT or Stanford level.,1.0,5.0
Somone needs to remind this dude not to make psychology that difficult for Brock University students. It's only a BA degree. Hard prof,3.5,4.0
To be honest the course material was hard, But he has a very interesting teaching style. Although challenging this course was not overwhelming, and the readings were actually interesting which makes this course worth taking!,5.0,3.0
I could not WAIT to get out of his class! He was such a pompous jerk. The information was interesting enough, and yes, he did go over it in much detail. The exam was incredibly difficult, especially considering it was a first year course.,3.0,4.0
Awful prof. He needs to understand this is BROCK UNIVERSITY. His exams are incredibly difficult.,2.0,5.0
Ouch!,2.5,4.0
Not impressed with his teaching. He teaches psychology, yet his exams and evaluation methods go against much of what he says about memory and cognitive development. Hides in his office and avoids students! He did however, put together an awesome textbook!,1.5,4.0
he is not only an amzing teacher, he is also an amazing person, i wish he would teach more courses, and he is incredibly attractive..his age not shown on him whatsoever,good job John,5.0,1.0
great teacher, easy to understand and relates the material back to real life,5.0,3.0
uhm... he uses enough visual aids and is kind of interesting, but holy crap - his exam was impossible.,3.0,4.0
Unclear?! Mitterer?? Are you sure you're talking about the right prof? The guy goes over things until the point where they are dead, he clears them up so well. That is the only reason his lectures are so boring. Great prof.; makes things e,5.0,2.0
AWESOME CLASS....SO MANY VIDEOS AND GOOD EXAMPLES...,5.0,4.0
Awesome teacher,5.0,5.0
WELL! HIS LECTURES ARE KIND OF BORING, UNCLEAR, THE ONLY GOOD THING HE DID WAS PLAY THE HELPFUL VIDEO CLIPS!,1.0,5.0
Get over the wanting Mitterer.. It's disgusting and disturbing....,4.5,3.0
Great prof. He makes the information clear and interesting. His lectures are interesting and I like that he uses video clips. A great guy to have teaching first year psych!,5.0,3.0
What arousal????More like exactly opposite. Plus his classes just kill me...class from hell...Plus he mentions only a quarter of info thats we are suppose to know (i doubt its even a quarter).,2.5,3.0
"I think his intellectual capacity rivals a turnip" that's hysterical! this class was so boring. the guy's great, i just don't think he has that much to work with...,4.0,3.0
Best CLass EVER! Mitterer your awesome! Your intelligence and teaching is so intriguing..your ideas are easy to comprehend and really helps every student understand each lecture...because of him psyc is easy and fun!!,5.0,1.0
Excellent,5.0,5.0
enjoyable...and sexy...too bad he's slimey,5.0,3.0
He's alright as far as I'm concerned. Not amazing or anyhing, but it could be worse.,4.0,3.0
Every time that man opens his mouth in class, I just want to wrap myself around and immerse myself in all of those wonderful, wonderful ideas!! :),5.0,1.0
Even though I'm a guy, his classes were so bulging with ideas that even I got intellectually aroused-and that doesn't happen that easy!,5.0,1.0
His intellecual brilliance penetrated my illusions about psychology over...and over...and over again.,5.0,1.0
WTF is going on here? Apparently students attend his courses in order to acheive sexual arousal? What's up with that?,5.0,1.0
It was great to be introduced to the Psych Dpartment with this great prof. He was extremly helpful and his lecture were awsome.,5.0,3.0
A wonderful man. His love for the world and for his animals keeps class interesting,4.0,3.0
AMAZING,4.5,5.0
Great with the videos and examples. Has something sexually alluring about him. I can't figure out what. Maybe his brains. The exam kicked my butt, but that is my fault, He was a great prof.,4.5,4.0
John was a great introductory prof. Only one who actually introduced himself as a person in addition to a teacher. Clear, friendly, made things interesting. Thumbs up.,4.5,2.0
Mitterer is the best!! Love the music and all the cute video clips! He really cares about his students and is a natural when it comes to teaching! His lectures are awesome and hez very sexy! Luv U Mitterer! Keep up the good work!,4.5,4.0
John was great. Confident, knowledgable. Psych department has some great prof's especially compared to CHYS. Nothing personal O'Neil and Tardif but Mitterer and Belicki rock.,5.0,4.0
Great Prof, make taking 1F90 seem not so bad.,5.0,2.0
He is really cool and down to earth, tried to make the boring stuff as interesting as possible. Very friendly and approachable.,5.0,4.0
Very understanding with WebCT problems and others. His exam was very difficult but he tried hard to get key points across during lectures by using a great deal of examples.,3.5,4.0
A natural-born teacher. Ironic humor makes lectures interesting.,4.5,3.0
I absolutely love mitterer! I love the music he plays before class and during break, it makes it a comfortable atmosphere. He has an awesome sense of humour, especially about WebCT! Man do i miss him!,5.0,3.0
Hello back there...can you hear me? HAHA...every lecture!! He is a great prof..good lectures, good examples. I dont think he is always the clearest on things (ie neuron). Tough exam!!,4.0,3.0
damn sexy!!!!!i love u,5.0,3.0
brought good examples into lectures. Very interesting!,5.0,3.0
best prof i ever had!,5.0,2.0
couldnt possibly find a better prof for intro psyc,5.0,2.0
he was interesting, but his exam was tough,3.0,3.0
absolutely wonderful prof!!! you will never get bored in his lectures!,5.0,3.0
Very smart and sexy,4.0,3.0
Very hot!!!!!!! we all want you body....keep up the good work,5.0,4.0
Very understanding about WebCT, adds humour and uses great examples!,4.5,3.0
he's definetely a sexy.....intelligence is hot!,4.0,3.0
Great teacher, boring class,5.0,3.0
He is definitely one of the best instructors I have had, sexy too!,5.0,3.0
Great prof who knows the material and makes those 2hrs go quickly!!,4.5,2.0
He's sexy..and funny! Great guy, awesome course!,5.0,3.0
A kind, compassionate person. Excellent teacher.,5.0,2.0
Great prof, too bad he didn't have more interesting material.,3.5,3.0
He has an interesting way of teaching that makes going to his lecture fun,5.0,2.0
good prof but confusing subject matter,3.0,5.0
needs to make course more interesting- not everyone wants to be a psyc major,1.5,5.0
boring course! needs to make it more interesting,2.0,4.0
great prof., can't help but stare and learn,5.0,4.0
excellent proff, great lecturer,5.0,2.0
He's a very kind & understanding prof, however, I find myself lost in class.,2.0,1.0
He was very nice :),3.0,4.0
Excellent prof!,5.0,3.0
Great Prof! Knowledgable, interesting and has diverse interests!,5.0,1.0
Its a great course and a great prof teaches it.,5.0,2.0
He was a great teacher... they only get worse second year!,5.0,3.0
None that would meet his approval,4.0,3.0
do not take course if you dont have to!!,3.0,5.0
hard course!,2.5,4.0
I think he's cute!,3.5,3.0
I took this class 3 years ago (his last term at OU). He is demanding and exact about what is required in the papers. He wants you to research thoroughly, write concisely, even think critically. Does not like 'fluff.' Do not expect to slide through any of his classes.,4.0,3.0
Always available, very down to Earth.,5.0,2.0
Well, John can be funny at times, i feel that for a 102 class he expects much. If you are a hard worker and attend class you will be fine. Laid back style of teaching. I recommend him. Kind-hearted and he loves when students take interest in his class.,3.5,3.0
Very funny guy. If you come to class and do your work, you will be fine. Attendance is mandatory.,3.0,2.0
He's hilarious and very interesting. You must attend class and participate and you will do fine.,4.0,2.0
i hope he reads this KISS MY A**,2.0,4.0
He is an AMAZING teacher!!!...if you follow directions well and love animals and have an open mind on every possible topic known to man. He's good :),3.0,1.0
john is a nut. although he is a cool fellow his class is dumb...i am in wrt 102 and we do 150 work more then we do 102,1.0,5.0
John is a compete fruitloop. He never knows what he assigned and expects you to have assignments he never said one word about. His grading is worthless as well. I got a paper back and he gave it a 3.2. Two weeks later I get the same exact paper pack and he gave it a 3.8. Do not take his class.,1.5,4.0
Waste of my life. I wish I read this site before because all the bad reviews are actually good because they perfectly described him. HE IS A HORRIBLE TEACHER. He emails constantly & can't remember what he assigns. Didn't even know how to use moodle. He needs to retire. I dropped his class and I'm glad I did. No regrets besides choosing his class.,1.0,5.0
This guy is horrible. I took the class partially online and he's very email happy. He doesn't know what's going on or what he assigned unless it's online. Our days in class consist of us sitting in silence and him saying the same thing he said the previous week. DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT take this class if you need a 3.0 or higher.,1.5,4.0
honestly i don't know why there are so many bad reviews on john. he was extremely helpful when i had him, and he wanted everyone in his class to succeed. if given the chance, i would take another class that he teaches again.,5.0,4.0
His guidebook tells you everything and it is a bible to making it through the class. The extra credit is easy and he doesn't grade it very strictly and gives you points no matter how good or bad it is. He grades the same way every time. On the final paper, he's really strict about the works cited.,3.5,4.0
This guy is ridiculous. All these comments are true actually I started reading through them mid semester when I had him and I found them all funny and very much true. I wish I had only looked up my teachers while i was at freshmen orientation. I'm very easy going and i get a long well with all teachers this guy was just a league of his own.,1.0,5.0
Very sensitive, he rather you write on his prefrences than grammer rules and you will never learn all of his prefrences. He is very difficult if you want to learn how to deal with difficult people he is your man if not stay away far away. If you have him for a class pay mor attention to your presentation not grammer you will never get it correct!,2.5,4.0
bad teacher,1.0,5.0
ok all of the post about his being horrible are 100% true. stay away from this guy at all costs. don't try to be some hero and think 'oh well if i try hard i'll be ok' WRONG!!!! WRONG!!! if all classes are full and he is a last resort, WAIT TILL NEXT SEMESTER!,2.0,4.0
I thought "well, there are some ppl who liked him, so he cant be that bad" WRONG. The man is a HORRIBLE prof, clueless, and delusional in his beliefs. I dont understand how ANYONE could like that class. I'm laid back and easygoing and I do my work, and i HATED it. THE MAN IS A MONSTER. HE CANNOT TEACH OR GRADE. STAY. AWAY. AT. ALL. COSTS!!!!!!!!!,1.0,4.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Consider that your warning. Unless you are a die hard socialist vegan, he WILL mark you down for your beliefs, even tho he says he won't. Boring, painfully slow, assignments change constantly, completely subjective grading, he blows up your e-mail inbox. I dont care if he's the last prof and u have to take 160, DO NOT do it!,1.0,4.0
Friends don't let friends take John Simicek. Boring to NO END. I slept thru most of his classes and still caught everything, he moves so slow... Attendance is mandatory as well. The assignments often change, if you dont write from his point of view, you'll get docked points (he'll tell you otherwise tho) Just dont take his class, pure n simple.,1.5,4.0
GET OUT WHILE YOU CAN!!! John was NOT a good professor. His assignments were unclear and he goes really slow in class. Besides his strange obession with vegans and the color purple, he seemed very biased. About 8 people dropped out after the first class.,2.0,4.0
okay, john was HORRIBLE!!!!!! i cried like everytime i came from his class because i was so stressed out from that class alone(i thought chemistry would do this to me, not an easy rhetoric class!!! freshman coming in, i highly enoourage u to NOT take his class!!!!!!!!!!,1.0,5.0
Our assignments were changed every two seconds; you had to check your email literally everyday to know what the heck was going on. That's another thing: HE WILL EMAIL YOU CONSTANTLY. I received approximately 86 emails from him in one semester. He canceled class frequently; when we did meet it was always anarchy. Hardly used our books, such a waste.,2.5,3.0
nice guy, just go to every class and follow the guidelines. he's funny and easy to get along with if you do what he requires of the class. he is very passionate about his views on the world and voices them loud and clear. if you dont agree, you are welcome to write about it. just MAKE SURE you have a very very good argument.,4.0,4.0
i really liked him. he's a great teacher and i learned a lot in his class. just follow the guidelines that he wants and if you have questions, ask ahead of time. don't start papers last minute. hes a nice guy and very funny and easy going.,4.0,4.0
John's class structure comes off as difficult, but if you get a handle on what he wants you to do, and you make an effort, he's more than willing to work with you and your grade. He's a real interesting guy, and discussions can be a lot of fun/ very meaningful in this class.,4.0,3.0
John is a good guy. I was first turned off by his odd techniques, but later came to enjoy his style, humor, and knowledge. His final grades aren't bad, but during the term he'll be on you. Plan to attend class and talk about everything under the sun. I slacked the first time through, and took him again by choice.,3.5,2.0
I got an A on almost everything. He wasn't the clearest but he knows that so he always gives you more time when he changes something. Not just a boring prof talking on and on, actually a really interesting person to observe and learn from.,4.5,1.0
Although John was a very difficult teacher, the one thing I really liked about him was the fact that he was willing to answer my questions and help out (I've actually had teachers who would yell at me if I asked a question). As much as I hated being in his class becuse of the work load, I learned so much from him.,4.0,5.0
I would not recommend him to my worst enemy. Save yourself the trouble, and get another teacher.,1.0,5.0
HE is THE worst teacher I've ever had. He's given me an ulcer. He emails assignments on days off and weekends. He's not a good writer. Annoying. He think's he's the greatest. He needs to get over himself.,1.0,4.0
I enjoyed taking John's class. He is unclear on assignments sometimes, but this won't hinder a good student. He grades hard during the term, but I haven't heard anything bad about final grades. He likes to have open discussions about life issues.,3.5,2.0
Worst class ever taken, he teaches nothing and gives horrible grades. Dont give him your email address or they will never stop coming. REALLY BAD CLASS,1.0,4.0
He is a lax teacher and could not follow the administrations guidelines and in effect he screwed us over, finding out that several big assignments were due a few weeks before the class was over! HE IS NOT A GOOD TEACHER! He taught us nothing P.S. He is NOT the GOD of Rhetoric,1.0,2.0
WHAT ARE YOU PEOPLE TALKING ABOUT!HE IS A MONSTER!,1.0,5.0
John is an caring professor he hlps you a lot. He lets you trn assignments in late. He always reply to your e-mails. He is a little weird but he doesnt want antbody to fail his class. If you go to class and do the work you will pass with flying colors very easy course.,4.5,3.0
John is a very great teacher. He always seems to make the whole class laugh as well as answers all the questions we ask, unlike other professors that dont answer the questions. He has taught the whole class and I many new writing techniques. He is an awesome teacher overall!,5.0,4.0
Awesome teacher!,5.0,5.0
John was a really dreat teacher. He's like one I've never met before. He does give lots of freedom, and he's just fun. You can barely understand him or what he's trying to teach but it's worth it. He's very out there. He might grade hard, but he means well,4.5,3.0
exeptional instructor.gave students total freedom in assingments.very bias, but just go with it. he is caring and compassionate. you are able to do pretty much whatever you want, just show up.he knows alot about writing and you will learn.just be open to anything and everything.you will never meet someone like him again enjoy it!some think he,3.5,2.0
He is very out spoken about his ideas and he will prolly never be on time for class. He can be funny at times, all though i dont think he is trying to be. He sure is different but i think he means well.,2.5,1.0
HATED HIM AND HIS CLASS. HE IS VERY UNCLEAR ABOUT WHAT HE WANTS. HE WAS ALSO A BIT ****. HIS CLASS WAS HELL FOR ME AND I DREADED EVERY MINUTE OF IT AND GOING TO CLASS. AND HE BARELY PASSED ME WITH A 2.1 AND WE NEVER DID ANY WORK SO HOW DID I GET THAT,1.0,4.0
CRAZY-BIPOLAR, ADD, VEGAN. USED AN ENTIRE CLASS PERIOD FOR A VEGAN SPEAKER. VERY HARD. DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS UNLESS YOU PLAN ON TAKING IT OVER -AND- POSSIBLY GETTING AN ULCER.,2.5,5.0
Not your usual professor, but that is exactly why you should take his class. This is a required class at OU and it was by chance that I had him for 150, but chose him for 160. Yes it is difficult, sometimes he's scattered, but he will always help and you will learn how to write. Challenge yourself!!,4.5,3.0
One word...CRAZY,1.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
If you can't handle alot of work, then this teacher isn't for you. He is one of the coolest teachers I have ever had but also one of the hardest. Assignments are always pushed back so you always have plenty of time to finish. Enter at own risk!,3.5,4.0
DO NOT take this professor unless you want to fail, even without his bias and favroitism hes still very immature and makes up his own rules and regulations and makes people abide to them. NOT A GOOD PROFESSOR. unless you hate BUSH and anyone who fishes dont take him,1.0,5.0
A good thing about rht there were always web days and he accepted late asg.. He always said do one thing but meant another it was like going in circles. I really hated the way he graded papers and also the fact that they were hardly ever returned. I also didn't likehow he sent improve asg. by oumail,2.0,4.0
No Comments,2.0,2.0
Well, all of the people who talk about the animal slaughter video as a bad thing, it sure changed my life. How can it not? Yes, John is very confusing, and the class seems impossible in the beginning, but if you atleast do the work, and show up most of the time, you will pass with a 3.0 or higher!!!,2.0,3.0
Do not take this class, he is very unclear about his work, basically is all over the place when it comes to things. Thinks to highly of himself, gives way to much work and then never collects it or if he does he never grades it when he gives them back.,1.0,5.0
LOTS of hard work. He's VERY confusing, but if you constantly ask questions, you won't be confused. I annoyed him to death w/questions, but knew exactly what I was doing when nobody else did. I should have failed for too many absences, but got a 3.6 for my hardwork and writing (he said so himself).,3.5,4.0
If you make a classroom full of students confused it's a problem. He doesn't explain the work and has high expectations. The work he gives is a joke and so is he. If John Simecek is your last hope. . . don't even consider taking him.,1.0,3.0
John is a really nice guy, but as a teacher, he's very hard to understand, never explains his assignments, teaches very abstract ideas, and grades SUPER hard. he's a really nice and funny person, but if you're looking to get an easy class or learn something, DO NOT TAKE HIM.,1.0,5.0
VERY odd, dont take him unless you are vegan or an animal rights activist, he will love you then. Extremely out there due to "Adult ADD" which is his excuse for everything. If you like watching animals get slaughtered you will like the video. Otherwise DONT take this class. Take Lawanda Dickens.,1.0,5.0
Horrible teacher.He makes you do so many assignments and then doesnt grade them. Very confusing and all over the place. The worst teacher i've ever had in my life. collects things whenever he feels like it and doesnt warn you. DONT TAKE HIM!,1.0,3.0
This professor is extremely picky and detailed. If your a vegan or animal rights activist he will love you. For the first half of the semester I was utterly confussed and thought I would fail. Unless you're a very strong writer do not take this teacher.,1.5,4.0
Stay Away from this guy. 3/4 of my class took his RHT 150 class. He favored them like no other. I have very conservative views and basically he made my life hell for the whole semester. He basically made us watch a video about animal slaughter, so he could impose his Vegan values on the whole class.,1.0,2.0
John is really not a very nice person. He claims he has a adult ADD and uses it as an excuse for everything. He'll write all over your papers and you won't get them back for weeks. He makes his classes watch a horrific movie about slaughter houses. Do yourself a favor and avoid him.,1.0,4.0
NO NO NO, avoid him. if you are a conservative, you're already on his sh*t list. he thinks anyone who is not vegan should go to hell.,1.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
John is a good teacher and he does expect a lot from his students. Yes, you will do a ton of work in his class, but you will learn a lot. He's sarcastic, down to earth, and willing to work with students who put forth an effort.,4.5,4.0
Challanges you to do your best. 10 page papers are nothing-stop being lazy!. Great professor, funny, sarcastic, has strong opinions, but respects your opinion if you are able to respectively support it (not like michael moore).,4.5,2.0
Nice guy but there is a TON of work involved.,5.0,3.0
Horrible class! The only inspiring part was the slaughter video, and that was obviously not what should have been the focus of the class.,1.0,5.0
I learned more in my high school english classes than in this class. He took lots of smoking breaks and preached about animal rights. Assignments were never clear, yet he expected you to know exactly what he wanted. I got a 3.5, but do not recomend him!,1.0,3.0
I registered late and he was the only professor available...after taking him, I know why. He gives the least clear directions and expects you to fill in the blanks and know exactly what he is talking about. Add in the occasional "I don't get paid eno,1.5,4.0
This is once again your favorite guy Omar Naqui look alike. Now how many times do I have to tell you clowns that this guy is the best of the best. He's of those guys you will just fall in love with. By the words of Jason Perez, this man is the mexican.,5.0,1.0
he acts like he teaches a rht160 course in our rht150 class. although he is not helpful, rude, takes smoking breaks every 15 minutes, which in an hour can be very annoying. He never taught us one thing in the class, yet expected us to write 10 page papers,1.0,4.0
I took John's class the first semester of my freshman year. What a mistake. He was very feministic, and very much for animal rights. He would cancel class very early in the morning, and he made us watch a movie on animals being slaughtered. Awful class,1.0,4.0
All he's looking for is a little effort. The class is a piece of cake. He extends almost every assignment and works with you....the student. Don't let these slackers scare you off. Rhetoric is God.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
I took John Fall 2001 my 1st semester in College. What the F***!!! What a way to say Hello to college. This was definately the worst English experience, I have Ever had. What did it was the film of the slaughter house!!,2.5,3.0
This is Borce Dilevski again. Why are all of you OU people hating this guy? He is the greatest writing teacher of all time. OU people listen to me. By the words of Borce Dilevski,believe me and trust me and take this great man for writing.I love this,5.0,1.0
Oh boy, this guy just pissed me off very much. He was always pushing his animal rights, ecofeminist, biocentristic agenda on us. To be fair, he is a good writer and I ended up with a 3.8 in the class, but you can only write about anti-human liberal crap,3.5,4.0
TERRIBLE! All he does is push peta on you. I wrote a paper on gender equity and he believes men should be superior! WHAT A JERK,1.0,4.0
My name is Borce Dilevski. I am a student from Oakland University and I am from College Pro. I had this great guy and he is the greatest writing teacher of all time. I recommend to all Oakland University students to take this teacher for writing.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
I hated John at first. He was mean and rude to everyone. However, I figured out that he liked to push everyone to do the best that they could do. Believe me you can live through his harrassment for one semester. Trust me it will be worth it.,5.0,2.0
the worst teacher ever lived in the face of the planet and the worst person. i would rather shoot my self in the head than taking his class again.he is an absolute loser.simecek is a cold man.,1.0,5.0
I think that John is quite the hippy, he'll push his personal views on you and try his hardest to make you believe them. He'll take the time to have activists come and harass you also. Hes a funny guy, he'll even wear pink socks!,2.5,3.0
No Comments,3.0,4.0
This guy is so rude! Does not take people's feelings into consideration! MEANO!,2.0,4.0
...,2.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
JOhn is very intimadating at first but he really is the nicest person. He goes to great lengths to make his students become awesome writers. That is if you are willing to put some effort into it! I'm happy I had him!,4.5,4.0
You will SUFFER all semester, but end of with a mysterious good grade. Its not worth the suffering, if you don't take him for RHT 160 he will harass you forever. He will never give direct answers, and you only get a good grade if he likes the topic.,1.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Uses his class to push his own ideas on the world.,3.0,5.0
John is great. If you don't feel like putting effort into your writing, do not take him. He does voice his opinions, but he doesn't grade you down if you voice yours.He will help any student that needs help if you show effort. I wish all profs were JOHN!!,5.0,5.0
This class involved a lot of work, but it forced me to improve. He tends to joke a lot, and it can be hard to tell when is joking or serious. He devotes a lot of time to students, and helping them succeed with their writing. I don't regret this class.,4.5,4.0
I learned a lot, but there was a huge workload. He also forces his beliefs on you.,3.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Yes his class was hell, he won't help you, but somehow we all ended up with above 3.0's, and I ended up with a 3.5, even though I did not get above a 3.0 on a single paper.,1.5,4.0
lil weird, but gave me a 4.0 in the end... good guy :),4.5,4.0
****, Communist, Can't teach, preaches all class, very frustrating,1.0,4.0
Claim to be a feminist vegan. It will help.,1.0,5.0
He is VERY closed minded! PETA can EAT ME!,2.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
If a new course was made on Mind Reading he would be a perfect Instructor.,1.0,5.0
If you can't read minds hard class, Grades HARD.,1.0,4.0
Lousy insructor; makes class far to difficult. Avoid at all costs.,1.5,4.0
he is a character, i enjoyed his class,2.5,3.0
Zippity DooDa, that's all you need to know. Also claims to be God.,2.0,4.0
Mickey Mouse could do a better job teaching than him.,1.5,4.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
Great class! People either love him or hate him.,3.5,2.0
very unclear, you have to suck up to do good, must write on topic he likes,1.5,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
neurotic - makes everything more difficult than it has to be-choose someone else,2.5,4.0
You gotta be a friggin' mind-reader to get anywhere with him. BAD attitude!,1.0,4.0
Fun, enjoyable class. She always accepted questions and would go over material. I had 4 tests, an oral presentation (less than 5 minutes), and workbook assignments that were due at each test date. She doesn't use Moodle, which is kind of annoying, but overall it was a good, easy class. Attendance really counts towards grades. I highly recommend!,4.0,1.0
Madame was very helpful. The class wasn't very interesting to me and sometimes I would zone out, but if you read over the notes you take and do the homework, you will have good grades. The only problem with Nemesh is that it is hard to contact her out of class. Still a great professor and would definitely recommend her!,4.0,2.0
Prof. Nemesh was a very helpful professor and did not expect anything but effort and attendance out of her students. Her exams were easy if you studied the material; she did not sneak in anything she had not covered extensively in class. She clarified points and provided extra help to those who needed it. Would definitely recommend to anyone. 10/10,5.0,1.0
I loved professor Nemesh. She's very helpful and is always willing to go the extra mile to explain things to you. She cares a lot about attendance, though. As long as you attend class regularly, you will do well. Highly recommend her.,5.0,1.0
She is a very knowledgeable professor. She isn't hard to follow if you understand grammatical terms. Participate in class and show up every day and you will get an A. She grades very fairly on tests. My one complaint is that she doesn't use Moodle or even check her email, which is inconvenient.,4.0,2.0
I really was not a huge fan of her as a teacher. If you took french prior to this class you will be fine but if not you will have a pretty tough time. She does give you notes which is nice but she doesn't really explain them well she just expects you to understand. Don't miss class, she takes attendance very seriously. grades tests pretty hardly.,2.5,4.0
Her accent makes it difficult to understand sometimes. She moves fast, you miss one class & your completely lost the next class. Her tests are fairly easy if you pay attention & study a decent amount. Attendance is MANDATORY. If you miss class, she will be mad at you & expect a written reason as to why. (Surgery & illness especially),1.5,3.0
If you attend class, do your homework, and study for tests you will have no problems. Not a blow-off, but an interesting class regardless. Take good notes!,4.0,1.0
She is a really cool professor. If you do not show up for class, do not take this professor because your attendance is most of your grade. She explains things well and is very knowledgeable about French culture. She often corrects the textbook! She does assign homework everyday, but never collects it, just goes over it in class.,3.5,4.0
She is a really cool professor. If you do not show up for class, do not take this professor because your attendance is most of your grade. She explains things well and is very knowledgeable about French culture. She often corrects the textbook! She does assign homework everyday, but never collects it, just goes over it in class.,3.5,4.0
Overall, a very good teacher. Attendance is mandatory, so expect to get a low grade if you don't. She expects good work and study, but it's by no means unreasonable. I feel that her pace is just right. She's a hardworking teacher, & she takes her job seriously/expects the same from you. Tests are exhaustive though, study hard for them! Merci.,4.5,2.0
Prof. Nemesh is really nice. You'll need to go to class to take notes and use the book to prepare for tests. But if you regularly attend class, she'll curve your grade. I wouldn't recommend her to people who has never taken French before because she moves EXTREMELY fast. Just go to class and show her your giving it your all and you'll pass =),3.5,2.0
She's a good teacher but for those who are new to french, she moves too, too fast. Her class is overwhelming. Whenever it came time for an exam, I had to teach myself everything out of the book because her notes are so rushed.,3.0,4.0
I had ever taken french before Professor Nemesh's class. It was very hard at first for obvious reasons but she always answered my questions and always made the learning seem easy. I was glad that it was over but learning form her was great. Come to class ALWAYS!!! Enjoy learning the language and you'll enjoy learning in this class.,4.5,3.0
Nemesh is the best french professor i have ever had! i clearly learned so much more in that class than any french class i've ever taken. #1 thing to do is ATTEND CLASS ON TIME EVERYDAY! and you'll get an A.,5.0,1.0
The class is easier for the people who have taken french. She is a really great teacher and is helpful to students who struggle. She takes all the lessons slow and allows lots of questions!!,4.0,4.0
Prof. Nemesh is one of my most fav. profs at OU! She is very knowledgeable and knows her stuff. If you took french prior to this class, should be a breeze. Attendance is mandatory though. Great class! I studied very little and got a 4.0! Highly recommended!,4.0,1.0
If you've had any French background, the class will be very easy. She is really nice and is actually from France so she knows her stuff. Def. come to class tho to get her notes.,3.5,2.0
WONDERFUL teacher!!! One of the best I've ever had at OU. She is very understanding if you talk to her,...she helped me through a rough time in my life,...I wish she taught more French classes than just the intro. ones,5.0,2.0
grrr i do not care for her at all.,2.0,4.0
Great teacher! She explains everything very well and presents her notes on the board in a very clear manner. Lets you know exactly what to study for on tests and quizzes. I had only taken a yr of french in hs, (which was over 3 yrs ago) and I did very well in the class. Attendance is a very big part of your grade..so just go!,5.0,2.0
Nemesh is so sweet. She really makes sure everyone understands the material, it is almost impossible to not do well ESPECIALLY if you've had french before. There's homework, but she never checks it. The tests and quizzes are super easy, she reviews everything. I would recommend her greatly.,4.5,2.0
Very easy class if you've had french before. The Professor is extremely helpful and very nice. The only bad things is attendance is a huge part of your grade so if you've had french you get bored easily and don't feel like going, but you have to. Also, she assigns a lot of homework but you never turn it in, you just go around the classroom to answ,5.0,1.0
take her class! she's really nice and she knows what she's talking about because she's actually french. the work isn't hard, especially if you've had french before.,5.0,1.0
Knows what she's talking about. Answers any questions, very clear. Everything on quizzes or exams is announced beforehand so you know exactly what to study. Reviews in class constantly.,5.0,1.0
she's a nice lady and teaches well. the tests and quizzes are easy. you never hand in your homework. she's funny sometimes and refers to "silent h's" as "mute h's." great professor.,5.0,1.0
Very nice professor, but if you've had french before this class is very boring. She doesn't grade homework, it's pretty much for your own benefit. Her tests and quizzes are on exactly what she covers. She is very fair, but doens't let you sleep!,4.5,2.0
Very easy! She knows what she's doing considering she is from France. She always reviews at the beginning of class so you know what you're doing. Attendance DOES count, so make sure to go to class. Take her for FRH 114.,4.0,1.0
Fantastic professor! Thoroughly explained things. Said exactly what was on the test and reviewed very well. Gave fantastic notes and never surprised you. Graded very fairly and consistently. Would take FRH 115 from her in a second! Highly recommended.,5.0,2.0
BEST FRENCH TEACHER I'VE EVER HAD!!! loved her!,5.0,1.0
Nelson Mandela. Mother Theresa. Ghandi. ALL ARE DWARFED IN THE PRESENCE OF HENRIKA NEMESH! You can pass this class if all you know is "J'aime la pizza." She's easy, and she's awesome. If I didn't have a girlfriend, i'd be chasing after the sweet, sweet love machine that is Henrika Nemesh.,5.0,1.0
Prof. Nemesh is a fair grader. she knows what she is talking about and explains stuff throughly. At first she is difficult to understand but you will get use to it. I would recommend her for French 114,3.5,2.0
I took this during a summer semester. It went so fast that I didn't learn a thing and she passed me to FRN 115?? We never finished the last 2 chapters. I spent too much time doing on my own. I paid around $600.00 to take this class to teach myself,2.5,1.0
Really nice lady, very French, right down to the Hermes bag. Understands it's an intro class and grades accordingly. I would definitely take her for 115 or another FRH class.,5.0,4.0
Easiest class I've taken so far. If you plan on taking in be sure to read the book. You have to teach yourself a lot. Interesting material but it gets boring because it moves so slow. Good class, a really easy A.,2.0,1.0
Prof. Nemesh is very knowledgable and a very nice lady. She has a strong French accent and is hard to understand at first, but then again, it proves she knows what she's talking about. I would recommend her and the class is an easy A!,4.0,1.0
Very easy going. Very intelligent and realistic in her grading. I wish every french teacher is like her.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
Nicest prof. I have had. She is very knowledgeable on the subject.,4.5,2.0
No Comments,2.0,1.0
Very pleasant and easy to learn from. Overall wonderful.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,3.0,2.0
Absolute worst prof I've EVER had. horribly unclear. I never had an idea what she was talking about and what she wanted from us in class and on essays. Very rude and degrading (at least to me personally). Monotone and SO boring. only good thing is you can be on your computer. won't yell at you for not paying attention.,1.0,5.0
Professor was really great. She was very flexible with office hours and really tried to accommodate the students as far as due dates and such. I'd love to take her class again, I felt really inspired in her class. Her lectures can get a bit lengthy and boring though.,3.0,1.0
terrible teacher. she is unclear on what she exactly wants. very boring and takes up the whole class hr. learned nothing from her. you cannot read any of the comments she writes on your papers.,1.0,4.0
a very bad teacher... class time is completely useless. I learned nothing from her. She hates me for some reason even though i am nice to her and grades me very hard. Overall super weird and unfair.,1.0,4.0
Very nice, polite, and tries to be funny. Although she has us do a lot of busy work during the class to stay the whole time, we never make it for the whole class period, and is incredibly easy. Super easy grader, very lenient. Definitely recommend taking her (:,3.5,1.0
She was very nice and polite to the class. She was at times unclear about the assignments and she graded hard on the 4 main papers we had to write but allowed us to revise them for a better grade. Does off quite a bit of extra credit.,3.5,3.0
straight up, i wanna die every time i go to class. she hates me for no reason and grades very unfairly. it's time to retire now...,1.0,3.0
she is a terrible teacher...,1.0,5.0
Class is pretty boring and goes until at least 9 every time. papers are reasonable and she lets you redo them for a better grade. I got a 4.0 in the class but I worked my butt off and I think I may have been the only 4.0. Teacher is nice and I hear shes the best you are going to get for this class!,3.5,3.0
This class had a lot of work and she keeps you until at least 9 but allows redos. She is not that easy of a grader and I think I was the only person in the class to get a 4.0 and worked pretty hard for it. I hear shes better than other professors who teach the course though.,3.0,4.0
Overall, she's a good teacher. She's not a very easy teacher, but she lets you (on a timely matter) redo all 4 of your essays you'll have to do. I'd say take her, but if you're looking for the easiest teacher out there she's not the one, but she's - from what I've heard about other teachers - much better than most other WRT 150 teachers. Take her!!,4.5,2.0
Alot of writing assignments, not very clear on what to do & tough grader. Keeps you along time and is very boring.,3.0,4.0
SHe is the worst teacher i have ever taken,for as long as i've been in school. Prf. Haar is very unclear, she has no idea what she wants, she loads you with work,and keep u until 9:30.I'm halfway through the semester with her and i have not learn anything valuable. Awful, awful professor. DO NOT TAKE HER you will regret it. At least not for WRT335.,1.0,5.0
such a good teacher! i definitely reccommend you take her she enjoys helping every student and will take the time to do so! she is silly at times and overall a nice lady...just five papers to write and you are allowed to redo 4 out of the 5 ...very good deal :),5.0,1.0
EASY EASY EASY!!!!,5.0,1.0
Pretty good professor, very helpful! Would take her again!!,4.0,4.0
The most boring prof. I have ever had at OU...but a pretty easy grader and easy class overall. Nice lady too.,4.0,2.0
pretty easy professor, extremely boring but overall the class isnt that bad. she offers extra credit and lets you redo papers. probably one of the better rht 160 teachers to take.,3.5,2.0
She was great and i would have to disagree with the person that said a 4.0 wasnt possible becuase i had a 4.0.. I would recomend her to anyone. She was always there to help and she made u feel like you were some what importent.. Just talk to her..,5.0,2.0
She was an ok teacher, really easn't that interesting but overall was an easy class.,3.0,2.0
The class is ok but see give to much work and then tell the class that we do not have to do it. She all ways talks about her husben all the time how his major was computer sceince. How he has a phd in it. She is a good teacher and she will help some times.,3.5,4.0
Jumps around questions like a politician- never gives you a straight answer,1.5,3.0
True, she's very boring, but she's still up-beat. Although she wants you to read the books, she rarely has quizzes for them, and if you participate in class discussions and b.s. your way through it, you won't even have to read. She's willing to help you write your papers and even teaches you how. I thought a lot of her assignments were super easy.,3.5,2.0
In rth150, she was not bad, but i made the mistake of taking her a second time. Her grading style is weird. There is no way you can walk away with a 4.0.,2.5,2.0
I took her because i saw that she had an overall good rating but once i took her class, i didnt feel the same! It is a waste of time to hear her talk about nothing and very boring. Even though she allows rewrites, she is very unclear on her expectations and will give you a grade but cant explain why,2.0,3.0
she is a very helpful prof. always willing to work with you. she allows you to turn in all papers a day late if needed and allows rewrites. she is a bit boring with lectures, and she tends to give a lot of the same examples over and over, but she is very nice and helpful i would recommend her.,5.0,3.0
This was one of my nicest teachers, she helped me to enjoy writing, and encouraged me to fix up my papers. She is very flexible, and give room for mistakes. SHe listens to student input too. Great teacher.,5.0,2.0
soo nice...but very boring...she spits alot and just talks and talks...not hard but lets u do corrections on papers...she grades fair but since it was pass or fail u dont have to anything really...she takes attendance and doesnt like sleep,5.0,1.0
Everyone said she was easy, but I didn't think she was that easy!,3.5,3.0
I remember Prof. Haar giving me a hard time about all my rough drafts for the final paper, yet in the end gave me a high grade even though very few changes were made. Learning doesn't come from killing yourself over unneeded changes.,2.0,3.0
awesome! allows rewrites and is a very fair grader!,5.0,2.0
very easy teacher, rewrites, fun class just boring but what class isn't boring.,4.0,1.0
Professor Haar was a very good prof... she lets rewrites and I did very well with those my paper increased just doing what she wrote on the paper.. her class is boring for the most part but shes very helpful :),4.0,2.0
Haar...I wanted to die thats all I can say, SHE IS SOOO DAMN boring We did the stupidest things in class She is to old fashion and also told me when I asked for help that she doesnt know how to answer questions on the spot SHE definetly shouldnt b teachin,1.5,2.0
She wasnt soo bad!! BORING at times but explained info well she always wrote back comments on the papers explaning what else should've been done, in my opinion i didnt think she graded soo hard, my papers werent the best...but then again i was in her 102,4.5,2.0
Really nice, willing to help, lets you re-write papers, but boring, old, and tedious.,3.0,2.0
Although Mrs Haar is boring, and class seems to drag forever, she is extremely fair. The class is generally easy, and we spent most of the time just talking.,3.5,2.0
Dr Haar is a very good teacher, clear on what she wants in her assignments, is flexible in the way they are done, and allows for use of creativity. Always available to help and for questions.,5.0,3.0
She was really cool and helped people out. I think she also taught Rhetoric 150 or 160,5.0,3.0
I got a 3.9 in RHT 150, but only managed to squeeze out a 3.1 in here because she didn't like my writing style and made me re-write constantly. Her theme was "adventure" and you could tell she was trying to live vicariously through the students.,2.5,3.0
This Professore is nice. SHe is willing to help. She ventures off when talking. You are allowed to redue any papers except for paper 6 (it's like her final). Easy class. We also did a lot of reading out loud of papers and reading from books.,3.5,2.0
Very knowledgeable, very helpful, pleasant.,5.0,3.0
Not a good professor for RHT. Chooses who she likes and dislikes and will pick on you in class,1.0,3.0
She is a great teacher but when help is needed she becomes very subjective on who to help,3.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
unclear about what she wants very subjective grading,1.0,4.0
awesome professor, very helpful and approachable,5.0,2.0
I had to take this class for my teaching certification. It is a waste of time--as a high school English teacher, this grammar is not the material I need to know nor that my students need to know. I do not understand why this class is still required for English teachers when it is non-standard grammar, i.e., not what we would teach students.,1.0,3.0
The class is difficult because he is teaching from his own material. You can screw up very easily if you are not on top of everything from the get go. On the other hand, he offers many opportunities to boost your grade. Not for those unwilling to work hard and actually attend class. Absences resulted in points deducted from final grade.,2.0,3.0
He made us work in pairs on the final project. The day it was due, my partner didn't show up. I had gone to him earlier since I could never get in contact w/her. All he said was, "This is a group project. That means two." He gave both of us an F for the project even though I had talked to him about my problem and was doing well in the class!,1.5,2.0
so confusing, didn't teach us the book - instead used his manuscript - i didn't learn anything,1.0,5.0
absent alot.,3.0,3.0
the class content is fun but he is one of the rudest professors,2.0,4.0
Maybe because it was a summer class, he seemed to show no enthusiasm for, or interest in, teaching this class. He seemed bored with the material. Because of this, the class was excruciatingly boring. He's also kind of an ass. I would NOT recommend this professor to anyone.,2.0,2.0
English Grammar w/ Underwood was one of my worst undergraduate experiences at UT. He is a nice guy, but forces you to learn his theory of grammar which does not work! (That is why your text is his unpublished manuscript.) Pure torture.,2.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
He is very helpful. He doesn't believe in grading according to right and wrong answers but on effort. He comes off like a tyrant but is really very easy going.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Underwood was the first professor I ever had. He made the class feel comfortable about sharing their writing, and worked hard to praise students who made a conscientious effort. Freshman composition was a scary class for me, and he made it feel safe.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
she is an okay teacher, but once during class she passed out some people's paper and had everyone critique it and made sure to ask what is "bad" about the paper. She will also tell you do to something on your paper, but once grades come out she will same something opposite and take off points.,2.0,3.0
I took Poetry with her and she was a good professor for a subject I had little to no interest in. The only thing I did not like about her class is she only has a few grades so everything weighs heavily and there are no smaller assignments to help your grade out. The class itself is decently easy and little to no work out of class,4.0,3.0
Dr. Federico is such a sweet and caring person. She cares about her students a lot and all she wants to do is share her love of poetry with anyone she can. The class is fun and not too hard. Participation is highly encouraged to get the most out of the class, but Dr. Federico is super easy to talk to. I highly recommend this class and this prof!,5.0,2.0
Professor Federico loves poetry and cares a lot about her students. There were only a couple of short essays and a project for the whole semester, and she is always happy to talk about poetry or assignments outside of class. She grades fairly as long as you put in effort. One of my favorite professors so far at JMU.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Federico is fantastic. She's passionate about poetry, interested in her student's opinions, and challenges you without making the class difficult to pass. She always leaves good feedback on your papers, and grades according to how hard you work. She values students who show up and participate.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Federico is one of the kindest and sweetest people ever. She really loves what she teaches and really loves and cares about her students. A lot of the class is group discussion but it is so good and so worth it. Showing up to class is genuinely a fun time and would recommend this class and this prof to anyone and everyone.,5.0,1.0
Dr. Federico is great. A little strict, but friendly and knowledgeable. You either have to know what you read or be good at pretending. Two short papers, a partner presentation, a midterm and a final. Not bad at all. You need to bring the textbook with you to each class, which is a pain, but otherwise no complaints.,4.0,2.0
Attendance isn't mandatory but she goes over the readings a lot in class and the notes you take are everything that's on the exams. The tests aren't too bad, mostly multiple choice and she drops the lowest. There's 3 short papers that she grades without a rubric, but if you go to her office hours she'll go over it with you. Not bad for a gen-ed!,3.0,3.0
Professor Federico is very sweet & knowledgeable about the topics covered in class, but the class is difficult for someone who doesn't know a lot about literature especially for being a GenEd. There were three papers that there was no rubric for & never got handed back to us. Four exams but the lowest score will be dropped. She's also disorganized,2.0,3.0
One of my favorite courses, not because of the material but her! A super caring professor, always accessible to meet with you. I was not super interested in the course, but her lectures were extremely inspiring! I am a writing major and she definitely improved my writing! Not a difficult course but make the best of it!!,5.0,2.0
Professor Federico is a really sweet lady & she's willing to work with you & help you out if you go to her office hours. The readings & discussions could be tedious at times, but it was one of my more relaxing courses. I would take another course with her if I needed another English!,4.0,3.0
I took her for ENG299 and she was easily my least favorite teacher that semester. Her class is so boring, and you basically just sit there and listen to your classmates' interpretations of literature. Terrible. You learn nothing in class, and the reading is so boring. Take a different class if you're in it for the reading.,2.0,3.0
Dr. Federico was an average prof, not too bad/not too great. Class was boring imo for the most part but some discussions were interesting. 4 papers, 1 presentation. If there's a better option I'd suggest that but this was honestly fine and she's very nice,3.0,3.0
I love Dr. Federico! I took her for an upper level English class and I just wish I had met her sooner. She's so genuinely sweet. A tough grader, but I sincerely loved going to her class. Participate and let yourself enjoy it. She's great,5.0,3.0
A lot of papers and reading. Dr. Federico is a nice person, but we didn't learn a lot about how to write, which was the point of the course. She also did not put in grades, even when the course ended, so I did not find out what I received on assignments, which was frustrating. Work hard and a B is an achievable grade.,3.0,3.0
This class was incredibly easy. I found Professor Federico's lectures inspiring. If you go to class, you'll definitely pass.,5.0,2.0
OK listen. This class is not hard at all if you just show up and take notes on what she says. I never read any of the books, just summaries, and I will end up with a B. she drops your lowest test score. Just sit in the front and take notes and you'll be absolutely fine. You get out what you put in. Also, I loathe english and reading.,3.0,3.0
It's British Literature aka the class and readings are unbearably boring. Unless you're an english major please avoid this class.,2.0,4.0
This class is pretty difficult. You have to read A LOT which is to be expected but sucks. The grading criteria for the 2 extremely short papers you write are clear. The papers are really easy so don't freak out over them. You will definetly get the grade you work for though.,3.0,5.0
This was my second class with Federico. She is a great teacher, but she does a lot better with a smaller class size. I would not recommend to take her in a big lecture she can get a little off track and boring. She is a sweet lady though and really cares about the students. If you have a chance to take her smaller class I recommend it!,4.0,3.0
She is a great professor who gives great lectures. The class is easy, but the tests are on material that she talks about in class, so you have to go, pay attention, and take notes. Study notes before the test, write the paper the day it's due, you'll still get an A.,3.5,2.0
Dr. Federico is the sweetest lady. Everything on the tests come from her lectures, so as long as you read and go to class, the tests are pretty straightforward. One test out of the four is dropped and there are 3 short papers. 10/10 would recommend her class.,4.0,3.0
She is a great teacher. I took her for ENG 299, and loved her. She is a pretty tough grader on the papers so be prepared to work, but she helps you every step of the way to make sure the papers are going to be good. She will tell you exactly what she is looking for in the papers as well which is really helpful for the papers. I would take her again,4.0,3.0
Super sweet lady, love Dr. Federico! I went to her during office hours once early in the semester& I had been really uncertain about the class, but she really reassured me about my writing. The class is small and engaging. No tests, but several small papers and 3 bigger ones. Pretty manageable! A lot of discussion, but very comfortable environment.,3.5,3.0
It's easy to tell that Professor Federico loves what she's teaching. She is spirited about a survey English class, and that helps you get through it. The tests are wordy, for sure, but doable.,4.0,4.0
I loved this class because Professor Frederico made the class interesting and funny. Some people might not like it if they don't like to read or aren't into english classes in general. Attendance isn't mandatory but if you skip class you could potentially miss an important lecture. You read 5 or 6 books of different genres.,3.0,3.0
She is best fitted for a small class. This gen-ed has brought my GPA down and I would recommend that you find someone else. The test are so scattered and there is no curve to them even though the class average would be in the 60s. Papers are easy cause its graded by another teacher and show up with your laptop to take notes on everything.,1.5,5.0
Her tests are stupid hard. They don't have anything to do with the units we learn. They are actually ridiculous. Her lectures are pretty interesting but pretty boring sometimes. You have to take notes or you will not have a chance of passing. Do well on the papers and don't count on passing the tests with even close to a B.,2.0,5.0
Do not take her. Apparently she used to be good, but I'm not sure what happened. The essays don't seem difficult, and then you get C's. The lectures don't seem hard, then the test comes and you do not recognize anything on it. Take a different professor if you want a good grade.,1.5,5.0
Took Annette's gen-ed literature class as part of the Montreal study abroad program. AWESOME. She clearly knew the material, and since it was a class of only 6 students, discussions were very intimate (so read the books). Highly recommend doing this study abroad and taking her course - best way to fulfill that part of Cluster II.,4.5,3.0
She is a sweet woman and she really cares about the subject. She just doesn't know how to teach a GEN-ED is all. She is obviously a small class type of teacher teacher. If possible stay away from this class and if you are stuck here, sit in the first few rows and try your best to keep up.,1.0,5.0
This was the WORST English class I have ever taken. Stay away this class is absolutely horrible. Doesn't know how to teach, tests are impossible, harsh grader. She just talks and doesn't use the ppt which makes her very hard to follow. Half the time she doesn't even say what page she's on. Oh, and she doesn't know how to curve.,1.0,5.0
Federico is nice. And that's about it. Her lectures are straight forward and she reveals a lot of information about confusing poems which I appreciate at first. When it came time to take the test you practically had to memorize all of the 30 poems we would read prior to the test. It was way more work then it should've been for a gened.,2.0,4.0
I'm a senior English Major, and I do not recommend her class. She seems like she wants to help during office hours, but she never does. She refused to put anything on blackboard, and rushes through any powerpoint notes (She rarely uses powerpoint unless it is for paintings). Don't take her if you want to do well.,1.5,5.0
Boring and confusing. She changed the course to focus on feminism throughout the time period. I'm not against it, I just wish I had known what to expect.,2.0,4.0
Extremely nice, but her tests are way too confusing and complicated and her lectures don't make sense a lot of the time. I'm sure she'd be great in a smaller class setting, but for a 200 person gened english class, not so much.,2.0,4.0
Federico is AWFUL. I thought this class would be interesting but she makes it boring. Talks just to hear herself talk. Wastes all lecture time on paintings instead of the readings we'll be tested on. Refuses to help students or post powerpoints online. Super hard grader. Tests are incomprehensible. Her voice puts everyone to sleep. DON'T TAKE HER!!,1.0,4.0
She can't seem to understand the concept of utilizing visuals, in terms of notes, in order to aid in class lectures. She speaks to hear herself talk. The first test, almost the whole class bombed. This is a Gen ed and for whatever reason she believes it is a class for an English major. I took it because I had to, not because I wanted to.,2.0,4.0
Federico is an absolute sweetheart. Really believes in what she teaches. Hard grader but honestly that doesn't detract from the class at all. Kind of vague on assignments though...would still recommend highly! Readings were interesting and kept me engaged.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Federico requires some complex readings but the course material is beneficial for future references. Five (4-5) pg papers with a final essay (no midterm of final test). The class style is discussion and the conversations sometimes run dry. Overall she is a very friendly and intelligent professor. Recommended.,3.0,4.0
extremely interesting and knowledgeable of her subjects and discussions, which is basically all the class is. there is a bit of reading, but it's usually interesting. a paper for every book, about 5, and a final paper. if you do not understand, the discussion is very helpful. you can read and not get anything you read, but go to class and she expla,5.0,2.0
Dr. Federico is a good professor. Her lectures sometimes drag on a bit and she seems to love to talk, but that's probably just from being passionate about literature. Class wasn't too intensive, one presentation and about four 5-6 page papers, in class essay for the final. Kind of hard paper grader. Do the reading and show up enough you'll do fine.,4.0,3.0
She favors people who contribute a lot but the class is mainly about the essays. Pretty tough grader but if you don't use sparknotes a B isn't too tough to get. if you don't at least read sparknotes beforehand the class is insufferably boring but otherwise it's not too bad. its probably one of the easier geng classes overall,3.5,2.0
Initially very interested in the class, but professor definitely seems to play favorites, and I apparently wasn't one of them. Very intolerant/unhelpful with absences for any reason, even severe illness.More like a book club type class than really engaging.Was very unprofessional with how she handled/mishandled my absences due to severe illness.,3.0,4.0
Best professor I've had at JMU! I loved going to her class. She's sooo nice and really knows her stuff, plus is available outside of class for help. 4 essays and a final essay. Do the reading and the class is a breeze. Prof. Federico can make the class really fun, take her for an easy and interesting Gen Ed. =],5.0,3.0
Take Federico for GENG 236! Teaches a gened the way they are suppose to be taught. She is a tough grader but she is def. better than any other eng lit teacher. I had to retake the course and she actually talked about the material we read and explains what they mean fully. She is very nice and smart. four papers and one final. Take Federico!,4.5,4.0
I love you Ms. Federico!,5.0,1.0
We mainly read poetry, essays, short stories (nothing too long). no attdnc but go to class if you dont understand bc she will explain. likes student interaction. one 4-pg essay due each month and a final. essay topics are a bit hard to understand and she can be pretty critical when grading. good for english majors or if you can write well & pass,2.5,4.0
If you were not a major, take Federico. She loves introducing literature to new people. However, if you are an English major, beware, this could be the woman who messes up your GPA and is about as much help as a paper cut. I never knew what she wanted for papers.,1.0,3.0
At best, she is decent. Has her favorites in the class and seems to care more about what you're wearing than what you're saying, unless you're a favorite. Take 299 with someone else.,3.0,3.0
if you like reading liberal emo slit my wrist poetry, this class is for you. it isn't hard at all. you don't have to do any of the reading cause you just do it in class anyways and she gives you the poems for in class essays a week in advance. this crap is boring as hell but you shouldn't get lower than a B.,4.5,2.0
she is very helpful. loves having students come to her office hours. everything is out of the book, lots of reading but I honestly did not do a whole lot of it. 3 inclass essays, 2 out of class. gives you the poems, topics, everything before it is due. grades very fair. no attendance policy. however class is very boring and drags on forever.,5.0,2.0
No disinterested prof teaching required course here. Federico is really interested in what students think of the literature she presents. Any angle counts. Some lit depressing but doesn't mean it's not worth the read. She's helpful, knowledgeable & nice & holds fun quizzes. Class nontrad if you ask. No grades till the end. Good discussions.,4.0,3.0
Victorian lit. (329?) I don't get all these comments of "oh, I can't believe I got a C." I'm a non major. I decided to take an English lit class to hone my out of practice writing skills. I just did the math, and I could get a THIRTY (Tah-REE, ZeROH) on this paper and walk away with a solid C in the class. But be warned, the class makes you think.,4.5,2.0
really, really great. i'm not a big fan of victorian literature, but she really got me into it.,4.0,3.0
great, great teacher. Knows her field inside and out, and puts a lot into her work.,5.0,4.0
nice lady,4.0,4.0
I really like Annette a lot. I've had two classes with her. She really cares about what she is teaching and is a great discussion facilitator. Now, on the 6th Hardy book of the semester you tend to get a little burnt out, but going to class is always a joy. She expects the best out of you and you can't bear to disappoint her. Awesome lady.,5.0,3.0
Yes she is definately whimsical. She likes to say that grades don't matter, right after she hands the entire class C's and B's on papers. Class is fun, and she is really a nice lady. I have no idea how to get an A in her class. Some of the material is great, but leaves a lot of good Brit lit off the syllabus.,2.0,2.0
What can I say about Annette? She's possibly the most whimsical professor I've ever had. TRULY cares about what she teaches--she's a Romantic at heart. Incredibly funny, sexy voice. Just an overall sweetheart. If I had to say one thing that was bad about the course it was the retardedly stupid Grad students that sat in on the classes. Lov,4.5,2.0
She is super kind, provides excellent interpretations, leads good discussions, & is passionate about literature. She's also beautiful!,5.0,3.0
She really helps out and is VERY VERY VERY knowledgable. She is very intellectual and wants you to strive to be good. class discussions got lengthy sometimes, but overall, good class.,5.0,2.0
Really nice and cares what students think of the class. Easy to get a B but you have to work hard for an A. I suggest letting her edit all take-home papers before turning them in!,5.0,2.0
cool class: couple of papers, final is a paper too. go to her office hours b/c you'll get an B+/A on your papers. don't really have to read the textbook to get a good grade in class. just participate in class and she'll be happy,4.0,2.0
Annette is so sweet, she's a really great teacher who knows what she's talking about and helps to make everyone else understand and like poetry. No exams, only 4 short papers, a midterm paper, and a final paper. She makes this class fun, especially for a Gen. Ed., definitely take her!,5.0,3.0
I have known her for a while but this is my first class with her. She is such an awesome woman. Expect to read and write a whole lot, but the class is really fun and she is very funny. Grading is very vague but if you do your work you should be okay.,4.0,4.0
Very nice lady who is always willing to help if you go to her office. Very intelligent and will grade your papers based on your ability to write, not just interpretation of poetry. Attractive as well.,4.5,3.0
She really cares about what she is teaching and that enthusiasm makes class interesting. Very reasonable on tests and papers. Helpful!,5.0,2.0
Can use notes and text on in class essays, grades assignments easily, and if you're in class you'll do fine on the final. She made a lot of what we were reading seem more interesting than I thought it was at first. Good class.,5.0,2.0
very helpful and understanding, a good professor overall that is very set in her ways.,4.5,3.0
not for non-English majors. . .a B is obtainable.,4.5,3.0
very unfair and bias in grading!,3.5,4.0
Felt out of place in class. She plays favorites and I swear she doesn't give A's. I had straight B's on everything! So you can make the grade but class sucks!,3.0,3.0
We read alot of charles Dickens, which was really long, but she makes it fun and interesting. She is so enthusiastic and intelligient. She encourages class discussion but does not force it which is nice. I highly reccomend taking her class.,5.0,3.0
Very sweet lady, but tells it as it is. Class is interesting. She encourages class discussion. Good class to take!,4.0,2.0
wonderful woman wonderful teacher! gets so excited aboutht the material, makes the course fun and refreshing. don't take anyone else.,5.0,2.0
Very nice lady, makes class enjoyable.. definitely take her!,4.5,3.0
I took this professor beecause two of my friends had her and loved her. At first I adored her and was excited about the course but then I got the feeling that she thinks she's friends with the authors and only her opinion is right. Grades papers harshly.,3.0,4.0
harsh; writes rude comments on papers. if not an eng. major, not a good gened,3.5,4.0
Articulate and knowledgeable...definitely choose this teacher,5.0,2.0
She is very good profess. I love her dearly!,4.0,2.0
Helps you understand literature - and attractive,5.0,3.0
intelligent and thoughtful,5.0,4.0
GREAT professor..makes class interesting. All grades are writing assignments,5.0,3.0
adorable professor, interesting perspectives, makes it interesting,5.0,3.0
Rico is one of the funniest people I've ever met and a great guy. He truly cares about his students and wants them to succeed. You do have to do the work to get a good grade but it's easy. The only thing is his wording on assignments can be confusing but gets easier to understand over time.,5.0,1.0
While he is really friendly and easily accessible for outside help, he can be difficult to follow in class. Rico will go on tangents about off topic things or not clearly explain certain concepts. He also required a textbook we did not use. Overall is a great person but can be confusing as a professor.,4.0,3.0
Rico is an amazing professor and makes Stat really easy to learn!I have never taken a stats class before and taking him was the best decision!Although he requires a book, we only used it once and all other handouts were on moodle. Quizzes, exams are easy and study guides are given. He helps with the Trabajitos and they prepare you for the exam/quiz,5.0,1.0
Rico is the best! Always singing pop songs and can go on hilarious tangents. He drops 1 or 2 trabajitos (weekly assignments very easy & can work with a partner) of the 5. Provides many opportunities to get bonus points like turning in on paper or early. There are 3 exams that are simple and he provides study guides. Cares about DSS. Made stats fun,5.0,2.0
I didn't like the way he taught, but it is helpful for studying. He prints papers with everything you need to know and goes over it for 50 minutes. If you study the material you'll be just fine and he gives you SO MANY STUDY MATERIALS. Tests/quizzes are EZ if you can deal with the mostly pointless lectures. very helpful after class too,4.0,2.0
I love rico! He is really willing to help you and wants you to succeed. As long as you study the quizzes and homeworks you will be fine on the exam. He gives you a number of homeworks throughout the semester but drops the two lowest ones, same goes for quizzes. Such a character and will talk your ear off about bingo or music. Really caring.,5.0,3.0
Rico is one of the best professors I've had. He makes stats easy to understand and is extremely willing to meet with you outside of class. Sometimes he gets lost in his tangents, but he always finds his way back. He tells you to buy a textbook but you don't need it, better off using his practice problems.,5.0,1.0
Dr. Auer, or Rico as his students call him, is one of the greatest professors at Loyola. If you're not great at math, DON'T WORRY! There are endless opportunities to succeed in his class. His lectures are fun and light hearted; sometimes you forget you're learning math! Would definitely take from him again.,5.0,1.0
Dr. Auer was one of the best professors I've had so far. If you're not good at math or just looking for an easy A for the requirement I would 100% recommend him. He's really goofy and super nice and grades super easy. He posts everything you need and truly tries his best to let everyone get a good grade.,5.0,2.0
He made statistics into something that was fun and accessible for everyone. He had clear grading criteria and was really great at breaking down and explaining complex math subjects. He wants students to do well and would often explain something in different ways to make sure everyone got the concept,5.0,2.0
Dr. Auer is my favorite teacher! If you don't like teachers who tend to go off-topic he may not be for you, he's a bit quirky but I had the best time taking his class. He gives 3 tests and 4 quizzes but he only counts your 2 best quizzes. He gives projects that are very straightforward. He goes at a pretty slow pace and makes the class very easy!,5.0,1.0
Ricky was the best professor I ever had. He was very passionate about his job and was always there when you needed him. He stays late throughout the week, so even if it's super late, he's probably in his office. He always offers extra help sessions before quizzes and exams. He is also full of jokes. Be sure to ask about Jeremy if you take him,5.0,1.0
"Wacky" is definitely the right word to describe Auer. Two pieces of advice: Go to his office at least once, and establish a relationship with him. Get to know him and you'll hear some wild stories, and may even see your name in your next exam!,5.0,1.0
Wackiest guy ever but thats what makes class fun and interesting. He genuinely takes the time out to get to know all his students and assist in any way possible! 4 quizzes drop the 2 lowest grades, 4 projects, 2 midterms and final, seems like a lot but all were unimaginably easy. BE READY TO LAUGH!,5.0,1.0
Dr. Auer is the best! At first I was a little skeptical because he was a little goofy, but he ended up being a great teacher and made math fun- who knew? There wasn't much work outside of class at all and he was a very fair grader. He takes time to know all of his students and their interests and has so many great stories. Would 100% recommend him!,5.0,2.0
Dr. Auer is the wackiest professor I have ever had, but he really knows his stuff, teaches it well, and is ALWAYS willing to help you. There are 4 quizzes and he drops your 2 lowest grades, and he gives extra credit if you hand projects in early. The class is super easy and you don't really have to pay attention in class. Take this class!,5.0,1.0
Very clear teacher, makes stat easy to understand. Very positive, extremely fair grader, makes sure you get lots of practice. 6 quizzes but he only keeps the top 3 scores. I LOVE HIM. He loves statistics,4.5,2.0
I LOVED him! Great teacher! Makes the class so much fun and is just such a goofy guy (in a good way). You will definitely be laughing during his class. He also drops some of the quiz grades and you are allowed to do homework with a partner and put both names on it. Knows every persons name which is nice. I would love to take him again if I could.,5.0,1.0
Truly a great teacher. Not a harsh grader and teaches you everything he expects you to know.,4.5,3.0
Dr. Auer is a great guy, cares about his students, and really wants them to succeed. However, he can be very unclear in his lectures and occasionally goes on tangents. He makes it relatively easy to get a good grade. I would highly reccommend him if you have already taken statistics in high school or have a good background on it.,2.0,2.0
Genuinely great guy. Really cares about his students doing well. If you have any questions he will clear them up during office hours and you will do very very well. I would highly recommend taking Dr. Auer.,5.0,2.0
Prof. Auer is so enthusiastic about stat and loves what he does. He wants everyone to do well and is always in his office if you need him. This class is a breeze if you go to class and pay attention. Really easy to get a high grade in this class. He's out there and hilarious, which always makes the class fun!,5.0,1.0
Auer is AMAZING. Hysterical, helpful, quirky, explains things with so many visuals. EASY. Homework is given with each chapter, but never collected, he emails the answers so you can check them. You basically can just study his answer sheets for quizzes without doing hw. Drops 3 quizzes out of 6. Personally knows you by name. WORTH THE 6:00 CLASS!!!,5.0,1.0
In terms of shear teaching, Dr. Auer is one of the best professors I have had at Loyola, and one of the best math/stat professors I've had in my life - and I'm not even a math Major/Minor. Fair, understanding of students, and one of the funniest/quirkiest people you'll have the pleasure of being taught by: "I love the pull through parking space".,4.5,2.0
Easiest math class of my life. We spent a week on mean, median and mode. Also, Auer is hysterical. He's so clear about everything, and on the final you get a piece of paper with any notes you want on it. Only counts 3 of 6 quizzes. Loved this man so much. If I needed another math I'd take him again in a heartbeat.,5.0,1.0
Maybe it's because I'm in the easiest stat class here but Auer is EASY! He is a great teacher who can make you laugh (even in the 6pm section), and is always there to help. If you're a student who is starting stat for the first time, or is not into math and needs a math course, take Dr. Auer. He's truly the man!,4.5,1.0
easy easy easy! funny teacher but class is sometimes boring. tests are easy if you study and you can be on your phone the whole time in class,4.0,1.0
Quirky, but funny sometimes. class is clear. good professor,4.0,2.0
Very nice dude and very into Math.,4.5,3.0
take this class,5.0,1.0
Probably my favorite teacher at Loyola. Taking his class is one of the best decisions you can make. He's able to explain everything so that it's clear and understandable. He's also funny and will do random things to keep attention on him. Some advice: talk movies with him. He'll absolutely fall in love with you. Take Auer for stat period.,5.0,1.0
Auer is awesome! He is absolutely hilarious, which helps keep class moving. And he's very helpful, willing to help with homework or the material any time. Even if you're not into math, he explains everything thoroughly. Homework and projects are never too bad and he encourages you to work together. Definitely take him!,5.0,2.0
LOVE LOVE LOVE HIM! He's funny and makes statistics as enjoyable as its going to be. He explains everything well and it's easy if you pay attention during class. Definitely take him!,5.0,1.0
CAKE! he is boring tho and extra random,4.0,1.0
Crazy guy. Horrifyingly boring class. Rambles on about random stuff that doesn't have to do with stat. A bunch of pretty simple projects to do and homework every once in a while (once a week or once every two weeks). Tests are pretty straightforward. I guess I'd take the class.. I don't really have very strong feelings about it...,3.0,2.0
Great teacher, very nice guy, a little unstructured, but makes up for it in clarity. He wont try and trick you at all. Do the homework, follow the directions for projects and go to class. He makes class entertaining and helpful. Take Auer, you cant go wrong.,5.0,1.0
Took this class with a couple of other guys from the soccer team... maybe in 2000... great class; Dr. Auer is hilarious and used to talk about "Big Brother" all the time and who should get voted out of the house. Not very difficult if you are mathematically inclined; I think I ended up with over a 100% average, after extra credit was included.,5.0,1.0
Dr. Auer is the man! Classes can either be very funny or very deep pending on what he feels like doing. Material was a mere extension fo ST210, and tests aren't hard if you prepare well for them. The man loves his stats and can help you love them too. Lots of HWs and "projects",5.0,2.0
very helpful teacher. he does whatever he can to make sure his students do their best and that they understand the material. it's so obvious that he loves what he does. tests are fair... not too hard. as long as you show up for class and pay attention, you'll do fine.,4.5,2.0
such a good teacher. so funny. i took stat in high school but did horribly & never understood it. now i actually get it AND like it. always willing to help & very straightforward tests. lets you bring a sheet of notes to the final! but if you go to class you won't even need it.,4.0,2.0
Easier then any of my high school math classes. He is very straightforward, puts all the work out there. Great, nice guy. Lets you use a review sheet for the final. I recommend him for into to stats if u need to take it. Class drags though but he does try to make stats fun which i'm sure is really hard to do :),4.5,2.0
Haha Auer is the man. A weird guy, a bit eccentric, but awesome. Class is easy, and he makes it fun. Really funny, and always available for help. doesn't just teach how to do stat on the calculator, he'll teach you how to actually do it, and it's a lot easier. DEFINITELY take auer.,5.0,2.0
very wierd guy, class is easy,3.5,1.0
Awesome teacher! A lot of fun and very easy! Lays everything out very clearly. Tests are extremely fair. He's not out to get his students.,5.0,1.0
Best teacher. Really funny, a very fair grader, and he lets you bring a sheet of paper to the final filled front and back with whatever formulas or notes you want. I hated stat in high school, and now i love it because of him. He goes slow and if you pay attention in class you'll do really well.,4.0,2.0
I'm not a math whiz but we have to take math in this sch...Auer's u're main...loves his job and tries to make it practical...Minitab sucks..and boy does he make an hr and half feel like eternity..but this is def. the class to be in..workload bearable...u won't regret!,3.5,2.0
Thought my brain was leaking out of my ears. Class drags, stupifyingly easy, but not a pretty sight. Probably a nice guy, but *boring*.,3.0,1.0
Auer is amazing! So nice and so jolly, although half the time I'm not sure I really even know what he is saying. Always willing to help and moves fairly slowly through content, giving you more then enough time to understand them.,5.0,2.0
This guy is the best stats professor that I had so far. Trying to take him for all the stats courses that I need to take. Makes class fun all of the time. Great person to drop by and say hi to. Will teach you a lot of things. Highly reccommended.,5.0,2.0
this guys crazy. easy class.,5.0,1.0
Nicest man ever, one of the best teachers I have ever met, he's incredibly helpful and really wants his students to do well, class is not hard if you put effort into it, I highly recommend him,5.0,2.0
makes funny noises,3.5,2.0
very funny without trying to be...loved him...snorts and wears purple pants, but its fine...very easy class...def take him,5.0,1.0
Take Auer! He's a nice guy, is definetly willing to help you. I took AP stat in high school and this is much much easier.,5.0,1.0
EASY A unless you are really slow like some of the kids in my class. He's a good guy who knows his statistics!,5.0,1.0
Great guy. Teaches a funny class. Pretty easy grader. Pay attention in class. No attendance policy, little homework.,4.5,2.0
dr. auer is the funniest teacher ever. very random in his actions, always keeps you laughing.. makes class not so bad, even though kinda long. otherwise, he makes it worth it,4.5,3.0
Very nice, funny guy, who wants you to do well.,3.5,1.0
He's a great guy and I generally enjoyed his class. He's really random in his lectures and sometimes can be hard to follow but overall he's a great professor.,4.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,2.0
Great teacher, makes concepts easy and helps you out a lot. Funny guy, really random though, but makes you laugh. Take this class.,5.0,3.0
Despite the rating, I really can't stand stats. The class moves lethagically through material and is, in my opinion, very very *boring*. On the plus side though, he's a nice guy and both helpful, and clear.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
Quasi-Modo looking, but honestly one of the best stat teachers EVER,5.0,1.0
entertaining, helpful, fair tests, a lil off the wall,5.0,2.0
Take Dr. Auer, He is such a funny guy,5.0,2.0
made me love stats, so entertaining, and makes concepts easy to understand,5.0,2.0
No Comments,4.5,1.0
Dr. Devenyi is very organized and always gives exams back the next class, he outlines what sections you need to read and gives worksheets to practice.This is a 300 level course, so it is not meant to be easy, but I feel like he gives a lot opportunities to do well, especially by dropping an exam and curves.,4.0,4.0
He gives good opportunities to do well. He drops an exam and curves all exams, the curves are percentages of your score,the higher you score,the better the curve so it could knock you form a high C to a B or a high B to an A. However,you have to WORK for your grade in this class. Read the textbook and do the problems he assigns and you can do well,5.0,4.0
Dr. Devenji is a very smart man but can be so smart that he can't "dumb" it down for people who haven't taken chemistry since highschool. Grades based entirely off exams and be prepared to drop if you don't pass the first two. Also don't count on the curve to save your exam grade. Very tough and picky grader, still not sure his grading system.,1.0,4.0
Tough grading, but what bugged me the most was the test curves. He made it very obvious when posting all grades (by student ID) and the top scoring test as a key. For example, he would add +15 to the top grade, meanwhile my low grade test was given a +2. Very frustrating as I studied hours for his tests and couldn't get the hang of it.,1.0,5.0
Dr. Devenyi is a great person, but an iffy professor. Attendance is not mandatory, but if you skip, you might as well drop it. All his grades are based on exams (usually 5 of them) and the lab (30%). Get ready to go through the textbook. He assigns a bundle of problems, again not mandatory, but you won't pass if you don't practice. Very hard class!,3.0,5.0
For Lab, he is very straight forward. As you enter the class, you take a quiz 90% last weeks lab and 10% this weeks lab. Then he goes over the lab and you head to the Lab. During the experiment, he will walk around an answer any uncertainties you have. His English is also very well. Reading the lab procedure before lab will help a lot!,4.0,3.0
When people say that he is a difficult professor they speak the truth. Be prepared to work for the grade you need. He may come off as arrogant but he is actually really nice and helpful when you need it. I would register for future classes he will teach without hesitation.,4.0,5.0
While Organic Chemistry is a terrible subject, Dr. Devenyi just makes it worse. Very tough tests and he has no mercy when grading. He will count something wrong on one person's test, but count it right on another. He flies through the material and goes over lecture time almost every class period. He does not care if his students pass or not.,2.0,5.0
Organic chemistry is a subject I have struggled with understanding. Dr. Devenyi is very knowledgable on the subject, however, he rapidly speeds through the material making it difficult to fully grasp the concept. If seeking additional help, he will answer specific questions concerning a problem, but will not further explain a specific topic.,2.0,5.0
Dr. Devenyi is awesome! His exams and homework assignments are tough, but he's always willing to help you if you ask. I highly recommend doing the practice problems and going to his office hours to ask questions about them. Make sure he knows who you are and get a good rapport with him. His class is not an easy A, but it's possible to make an A.,4.5,4.0
Very difficult course, speech barrier is there from his European background, however he speaks English well. Homework will confuse you almost every time, example are much simpler than roughly half of assigned problems. However he gives good feedback and will work with you if you ask. Overall a good man to learn from if you love chemistry.,2.5,5.0
Although an A is not going to be cake to earn like in many other classes, it is possible with determination. Just read the book and do the problems in it, and you will do just fine in his class. He is a fantastic teacher who really knows his stuff. He is intimidating at first, but once you go and talk to him, he will gladly help you out.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Devenyi was overall a good professor. His accent takes a little getting used to. He teaches very quickly so if you skip class, you will miss a good bit of information. If you're looking for an easy A, take someone else. Expect to be challenged. Would take him again though.,3.5,4.0
Toughest teacher I've ever had!!! He is super picky when grading tests! He's funny and a good man, but as a teacher I wouldn't suggest him unless you're amazing at teaching yourself the material. He does offer help, BUT even with extra help he teaches in a higher level than the Course.,2.0,5.0
Dr. Devenyi is a very very smart man. This course is very difficult. He is also very rude, though. He isn't willing to work with you if you miss any assignment for any reason. My mother passed away close to the end of the semester and I missed a test and two labs. He said that test could be my "drop grade" and gave no other option. Not helpful!,3.0,5.0
Absolutely terrible. Don't do it. I don't care what you think.,1.0,5.0
Dr. Devenyi is a wonderful professor! He loves the subject, he's brilliant, and he's more than willing to help if you just ask. DO THE PRACTICE PROBLEMS, both in the book and online; they will help you so much on his exams. Also, go to his office and ask for help if you're confused; he seems intimidating, but he's very kind and funny. Take him!,4.5,4.0
helpful & caring. pretty cool too!,4.5,4.0
Avoid at all costs. Seriously. I'm not kidding.,2.0,5.0
He makes me feel like a total idiot sometimes, but he is truly a good man. I totally agree with the quizzes and exams not looking like anything you had covered recently but he typically puts it in difficult words to understand! He is actually quite funny when you talk to him. Just difficult to understand.,2.0,4.0
Wonderful professor! He's the first to ever help me truly understand chemistry.,5.0,1.0
Dr.Devenyi is not going to be a walk in the park. This is a great teacher for chemistry majors(i am). I learned so much more compared to people in other classes. IF i was to give you one tip: It would be do the practice problems he puts up, these will help you a lot.,4.5,3.0
Dr. Devenyi is a hard teacher but he lets you know at the beginning of class that you HAVE TO PRACTICE THE PRACTICE PROBLEMS IN ORDER TO PASS. which is so true. I wasnt doing so well at first and once I started practicing and going to him for help (he is more than willing to help) I got it! He's really nice and funny too.,3.5,5.0
Dr. Deveyi is an extremely hard teacher to please. There is a lot of math involved and he expects you to automatically know it before you come to lab. He is pick and nit picks all his quizzes and tests. This is not an easy teacher.,2.5,5.0
Avoid him at all costs. There is no pleasing him and he knit picks everything. Need to know lab manual front to back. Quizzes are impossible.,1.0,5.0
It's Devenyi...there's really not that much else to say. I studied extremely hard for the weekly quizzes, but it proved to be next to impossible to keep consistent A's. He tends to be very picky on little things like sig figs but counts off BIG. He will help you, but he can come off as intimidating a lot of the time. Need to know entire lab manual.,3.5,5.0
he just isn't clear. if you are already a chem person, then you'll be fine, but otherwise, aim for someone else. he goes thru things quickly and doesn't like to explain more than once. not very good at helping 1 on 1, usually you still leave confused. class is all math and tests are all theory. if you're a chem major, go for it. if not, don't.,1.5,5.0
Great teacher. He has really high expectations for the class. He doesn't want you to memorize the material. He wants you to know and understand what exactly you are doing. He is extremely helpful when you have a question. The material is not difficult there is just a lot to it. He is a very interesting, intelligence, and attractive man.,5.0,4.0
very helpful + cool but has high expectations to his students. goes out of his way to help you when you're stuck; solved lots of practical problems in. He's one cool dude & he's hot + charming ya'll! study seriously for labs and he'll sure make you'll understand the experiment. knows his soccer woodoo too!,5.0,4.0
Honestly, worst teacher ever. He is helpful outside of class, but unless you are a hardcore chemistry student already, you will have a really difficult time. Try to take someone else if at all possible.,2.5,5.0
He is very hard to understand but is willing to help, only if your willing to feel like an idiot in the process. He moves very fast through lectures. As for his test they were completely different than his notes from class and he counts off for every little thing wrong. Over half the class failed! DO NOT TAKE HIM unless u already know the material,2.0,4.0
If you want a good grade...don't take him. He moves extremely fast through his lectures. He gives homework that is hard! Avoidd.,3.0,5.0
Great professor! Everyone thinks he is extremely difficult, but he's not that bad. Learn the material as you go, and don't wait till the night before to study. He's extremely helpful outside of class and holds great study sessions before tests. If you want to really learn the material, take him.,4.5,4.0
Dr. Devenyi is a great guy! He is also a great teacher! I had him for 121 and passed with a B. I had an A in the class before the final. Most people say he is hard. The material is hard. NOT him. He is SUPER willing to help anyone out! If you go to his office, he will take as much time as you need to help you understand.,4.5,3.0
FAV teacher EVER! the material is hard NOT the teacher. tons of sample prob in class. quizzes easy if you read the notes. tests hard but has GREAT study sessions. i studied about an hour a day for few days before each test and made an A on three of four & final. he lives for chem so dont act like being there is torture and you will get along great!,5.0,3.0
Great person very hard teacher! He goes through the material very quickly & his tests are very hard. He gives a hw wks for each chapter that he grades hard. When he says do the book problems... do them they help. If you take him just prepare to study like you never have and attend every help lab possible!,2.5,5.0
AVOID THIS TEACHER!!!!! That all I can say I read the book and studied his notes but, his test and notes do not match. I am a freshmen and I had a good chemistry teacher in HS. Taking him was one of the worst mistakes of my life.,1.0,5.0
GREAT GUY AS LONG AS YOU ARE A CHEMIST..IF NOT THEN HE ISN'T SO NICE TO YOU. HE KNOWS HIS STUFF BUT HE HAS A PROBLEM WITH BEING EXTREMELY PICKY. HE WANTS YOU TO COMPREHEND IT AT HIS LEVEL, WHICH IS FAR BEYOND OUR EXPERIENCE. I TOOK HIGGS WITH THE SAME EFFORT I PUT INTO THIS CLASS AND MADE A B. DEVENYI IS A GOOD GUY BUT I WOULDNT DARE TAKE HIM 2XS.,3.5,5.0
I liked Mr. Devenyi as a teacher. He knowns what he is talking about and does a good job of passing it on. The test are very hard but there is a ridiculous curve. He is always willing to help and has wonderful study sessions before test. It is a hard class but it's chemistry!,4.5,4.0
His exams are ridiculous. He is enthusiastic about the material but there is simply too much info for one test to answer it weill in the alloted 50 mins. Nonetheless, he probably makes it more difficult than it need be. I don't recommend chemistry at UTM.,2.5,5.0
Organic has an awful reputation here anyway, but he's the professor to take. I have never worked harder for a C in my life, but he knows what he's doing and is willing to help if you can ask intelligent questions. You can be lost in lecture but if you memorize everything in the book you should at least pass. And at least his accent is awesome.,4.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
He is an excellent teacher. If you have any questions he will always be glad to help. He is willing to stay at school extra hours to help anyone. One problem-his tests are SO long and he grades so PICKY! Know everything and you will be fine.,4.0,4.0
hard doesn't let anyone make up quizzes regardless if they have doctor's note or not,1.5,5.0
Hard but fair,3.5,3.0
I transferred here from Clarksville last year and I retook organic under Devenyi. I heard rumors of how hard his class was, but it wasn't that bad. He wasn't as good at getting the material across to the students but overall the class was much easier than APSU's organic.,4.0,2.0
I really love this teacher. He is extremely helpful with any questions you have, and his tests are the same thing he tells you they will be every time.THe only downfall is that he gives alot of pop quizzes.NOtone quiz is announced,but you can kind of predict when they are coming.I will taqke him for every Chem class that i can.GREAT TEACHER!!!,4.5,4.0
I think he is a good teacher but very hard. I wouldn't and will not take him again. His test are very hard and he gives pop quizes all the time. He is very smart in what he teaches so it kinda makes it harder to learn from. If you want a good grade dont take him!!!,3.5,5.0
He takes off points for EVERYTHING! He is a tough teacher.,2.5,5.0
Dr. Devenyi is a great teacher. He is willing to help you in any way possible. He is dedicated to the subject he teaches and is just overall a very intelligent man. He is one of my favorite teachers at UTM.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Devenyi is a GREAT teacher. His class was very hard, but what organic class isn't. He was very willing to help and you can learn a LOT in this class. Just study HARD and pay attention. You have to work for your grade. He's Awesome!,4.5,4.0
Very helpful y'all. Don't listen to what others tell u. Take him. He may end up being one of your favorite professor. Very nice. WELL RECOMMENDED. You will learn a lot from him.,5.0,3.0
Great man,5.0,1.0
He is horrible. He is the worst teacher that i have ever had. He torments people in his class and makes fun of them for being "stupid",3.5,5.0
Great teacher. You have to work all the time for his classes, but he'll help anytime.,5.0,5.0
Great teacher if you are willing to work,5.0,3.0
He expects you to take only 4 hours while you are taking his class, the 4 Chemistry hours for his class. If you don't want to dedicate a semester to taking his class, take someone else. He is a pretty good teacher, but his tests are killer.,1.5,5.0
He is absolutely the worst teacher ever. He cares nothing about his students. He never teaches. His TA does everything. He grades extremely hard He tries his best to embarass you and make you feel stupid. I strongly advise you not to take his class.,1.0,5.0
He expects you to dedicate your life to his classes. It's just not worth it.,4.0,4.0
Wonderful teacher. Someone you can learn a great deal from if you're willing to work for it.,5.0,5.0
He's the man. The best teacher I've ever had. He's hard, but if your willing to work, he's willing to help anytime. I would recommend him to anyone who truely cares about learning the material.,5.0,5.0
Wonderful teacher. He just expects you to work hard and those that are willing can do very well. He is a wonderful asset to the quality of UTM.,5.0,5.0
Dr. Devenyi cares very little about his students. His T.A. does most of the work. He is more concerned about viewing the 3:00 soccer games than aiding his students. Avoid if at all possible for lab.,1.0,5.0
Dr. Devenyi is a decent teacher, but a terrible professor. He offers no help and believes anyone who doesn't make an A is not a good student. He will be a jerk in his classes and will be a jerk outside of class. Don't waste you time, take Osburn.,1.0,5.0
had him for lab. he's a jerk!! grades very hard no help what so ever.,1.5,5.0
I agree with an earlier opinion,,,,,PRAY,2.0,4.0
Very Hard. He tries to be helpful in explaining, but he just confuses people even more.,2.0,5.0
He's very well organized and is always around to offer help to his students outside of class.,5.0,5.0
One of my friends had him for organic, and she loves him. He is a very respectable man, and he's got a mysterious Hungarian hotness about him....,4.0,5.0
Extremely hard, and hard to keep up. Pray to pass. I had to drop this class.,3.0,5.0
I agree, spawn of satan-Makes ppl feel stupid when questions are asked....,1.0,5.0
If you want to REALLY want to learn, stop whining and take him. It's worth it.,5.0,4.0
OH God, just pray,4.5,3.0
Hard but worth taking. You will understand this when you finsh the class.,4.5,1.0
Extremely hard to understand and does not offer help when needed.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Hard to understand. Only about 5/25 ppl will pass this class.,2.5,5.0
WAY BETTER THAN HARDING OR SOLOMONS,3.5,2.0
Sooo nice. She is very helpful with any questions. Keep up with hw and its easy.,4.5,2.0
she is a really sweet lady! if you take her, try really hard not to miss class because the material is hard and you will get behind. she teaches the material in a way that is easy to understand though! i recommend taking her but you are going to have to work hard!,4.5,4.0
Real sweet lady. Although her class is mandatory all of the homework is due the night before the test on the internet. You can also check your homework and it gives you the correct answers and shows examples for you. If you due the short study guide the test is the exact same just different numbers. Would definitly recommend.,4.5,2.0
One of the worst math teachers I've ever had. I have taken alot of maths and this one was bad. The online homework is absolutely ridiculous. The quizzes will keep you in the math lab for hours on end. Save yourself the pity and do not take this woman. She is sweet but she is not a very good teacher.,1.5,4.0
Good teacher. Easy to pass her tests, she gives a study guide. Do the homework and review it before the test and you will do fine!,4.0,1.0
Good teacher, posts the notes she takes in class on blackboard, so instead of scribbling the notes down, you can watch her work the problems and then download the notes later. Gives alot of online quizzes which you can easily make 100 on. Tests aren't terrible, but you definitely have to know all the material she goes over in class. Very helpful.,5.0,2.0
She is a great teacher. She makes learning about math a lot of fun. Hse explains it very well. If there is something that you do not understand you can set up an appointment with her and she will be great help!!,5.0,1.0
Mrs. Gathers Health Calc class was entertaining to say the least. I'm horrible in math and made an A with little effort. I especially enjoyed it when she made fun of the Pikes that never showed up to class. My favorite quote by her "I tried to make this test easy, but some of you never cease to amaze me by how bad you can do.",4.5,1.0
Not the most understanding or the most approachable when it comes to asking questions. Picky about things and her class involves lots of homework (Math 191). However, once you get the hang of her way of doing things, the class isn't too bad.,2.5,3.0
I enjoyed this class. I'm not a math wiz!! Study & homework you will be fine.,4.0,4.0
I love Mrs. Gathers. She is a little older but she knows her stuff and she knows how to teach it. She gives you lots of chances to do well in her class. You will have to study, but she makes study guides that are just like the tests. Some tests and quizzes are take home. she expects you to do the H.W. but she doesn't take it up.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
This woman is the worest teacher ever!! They should take her job from her she is a **** and does not care about students. STAY AWAY!!!!,1.0,5.0
I think she is great. I would think that college students would expect to have to study.,4.0,3.0
I had Gathers for Math 160 (business calculus) and I was never so happy to get out of her class. She was the worst teacher I had ever had and still do not like her. She taught class way too fast, was unwilling to help anyone that needed it, NEVER answered her email, and above all would ignore you in class if she did not feel like answering question,1.5,5.0
she is a nice lady but this is a very hard class and i got no help. i went every class, did all my homework, quizzes, and tests and still needed one or two ponits to pass. she did not give them to me as i had hoped so if you try and just fail by alittle bit don't think you will get help.,2.0,5.0
Mrs. Gathers was an okay teacher. She explains how to do things very nicely. The only problem I had with her was that she teaches way too fast, trying to cover as much material as she can before class is over, and I think I would have learned better if she worked at a slower pace. Overall, she was a good teacher, very nice, and sometimes sarcastic.,3.5,4.0
Mrs. Gathers is a sweet lady, I like her personally. The class is a little hard, but she tries to help you as much as she can with study guides and the quiz grades can really help you. I think she really does care about how her students do. Just do the homework and go to SI sessions and you should do well.,4.5,3.0
Very nice lady, just very softspoken. Sit on the front row so you can hear. Also needs to have better classroom control. Most of the class talks the whole time while she is teaching, making it very hard to pay attention. Not to mention the material is boring. She does give practice tests and take home quizzes, which are helpful, & a take home tes,2.5,4.0
VERY sweet, but speeds through material too fast to follow! She often does not even cover the material until after you have turned in your homework for a grade. The desire is there to help you, but she is often unclear. Also, every test was WAY too long to finish, even if you knew the material.,2.5,4.0
Dr. Gathers is a very sweet woman! Smiles alot! She tries to help you in any way possible... but be prepared because it does get VERY boring! She gives practice tests & they are very similar to her real tests. Just know your stuff & you'll be fine!,3.5,2.0
Great teacher,very helpful,practice tests are like the regular tests, quizzes are take home.Can get extra help with SI or labs,4.5,3.0
Mrs. Gathers is a great teacher. Her practice tests are exactly the same as the test. So if you learn the practice test, you will be fine. Set on the front row because it kinda gets boring, but she will smile at you the whole time because you will be the only one listening!!,5.0,1.0
This class is extremely boring. However if you go the math lab or SI for help on your quizzes, you should do fine on her exam. She reviews you well for the exam. I got enough help in here to make an A.,4.0,1.0
Prof. Gathers is absolutely lovely, I would try to get into another one of her classes any day. She tries to make even really boring lessons interesting with her quirky humor, and she stops and helps those who are lost. Quizzes are take home and she goes over any problem you had with the homework, even though she tends to assign quite a bit. You're lucky if you can get her.,4.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
She makes it easier to understand. She is willing to help in any way she can. If you have to take MATH 080 I suggest taking her.,5.0,2.0
Mrs. Gathers is a sweet lady and she knows her math. She is good at explaining it. The class is challenging, especially since it's a summer class, but she does everything she can to help you. She gives plenty of chances to earn bonus points. She will help you in anyway she can, but you have to want to help yourself , too. I amde an A.,4.5,2.0
Great professor,helpful,gives pre-tests for your study guide, this is the teacher to take if you have trouble with math.,5.0,3.0
This is the perfect example of what a college teacher SHOULD be like. She does make you work for your grade but the grading scale is one asset of being in this class. The quizzes and test are only over material she has already covered repeatedly in class. There is no reason to make below a C.,4.0,2.0
She is the sweetest lady! She doens't make you turn in your homework but goes over it if you have question. She gives practice tests that are very similar to tests. I highly recommend judy gathers,4.5,2.0
She was excellent. I did a few problems for homework and takehome quizzes. she spends all class showing examples of problems and how to solve them. She was one of the easier teachers to understand. She also passes out how to work problems on a calculator. Easy teacher.,5.0,1.0
Mrs. Gathers is an excellent teacherand person! She was hilarious in our class. I didn't have calc in high school, and she made it seem so easy. I never did homework cuz she will go over it in class if u ask her to. The idiot in math 080...don't listen to him...he's in 080.,5.0,1.0
mrs.gathers is overall an okay teacher. She goes very fast in class with the notes and examples making it hard to keep up if math isn't your strong point. She knows her teaching but doesn't take in consideration some people haven't been to school in a while this is not a review to all of us.,3.0,3.0
Mrs.Gathers is an incredible professor. I had Calculus in high school and the highest grade I got in there was an 85 and that was rare. The lowest grade I have gotten in Mrs.Gathers class is a 99. She is very helpful and know her stuff and most imprtantly knows how to teach it.,5.0,3.0
Very nice, sweet woman. She always seems happy. Her teaching is okay, I suppose. Her practice tests are just like her tests only different equations. It's possiable to make a A in there, only that with me Math has always been a struggle, so if you have her you won't die, believe me.,3.5,3.0
Take home quizzes are all she gives so you dont have to worry about her popping one on you. Listen some in class and do good on practice tests and this class should be a breeze. Very helpful will spend entire class period answer questions to problems.,5.0,1.0
Very helpful, gives extra credit which helps alot, Math is hard no matter who teaches,3.5,4.0
Very good teacher, very clear in what she is talking about. She helps you out if you need it and did give extra credit when I took the courses. I highly recommend her.,5.0,2.0
This is a great way to pass math 140. She used to be a high school teacher so she goes rather slowly. I tried to pass math 140 two other times with no avail, and am making a B in this class now.... she's a good one.,4.5,3.0
horrible teacher,1.0,5.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
mrs Gathers should work at at funeral home instead of utm. she is so boring and gives u bad grades.,1.0,5.0
Dr. Gathers gives take home quizzes and pratice test that help you on the test. She gives opportunities to get extra credit, too. She is very easy to talk to and she is always willing to help a student who is in need (and asks for help).,5.0,1.0
very helpful,4.0,3.0
She is a nice lady and knows her subject. She will explain as much as she can to help students understand. Her test are easy if you study the practice exams.,5.0,1.0
Her homework assignments are nothing like her test questions!!! She is not clear on the kinds of explanations she expects from her students. She does not have a set assessment for her homework assignments. What every she feels like is the grade you get,1.0,5.0
Very friendly. She is willing to help. She seems to care.,4.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
The only teacher I could pass math under at UTM. She's so helpful!,5.0,1.0
Very nice teacher.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Husmann is a very great professor. She is very clear when it comes to tests, and how she grades them and is very detailed in her lectures. She makes sure everyone understands the topic and welcomes any questions. Attendance is not mandatory, but missing class means you miss a lot of detail. Also, your grade is based on 4 exams, and the final.,4.0,3.0
Grades heavily on exams, is not willing to work with you on anything, when asked for an explanation, she either does not answer or answers with an attitude.,2.0,5.0
If this was an in person class I probably wouldnt be making this review. However, I was struggling so hard at the beginning of the semester because the lectures and practice test did absolutely nothing to help on the exams. So of course I reached out for help. She said, think about what questions I would ask on the exam. Like WHAT?!,2.0,5.0
Dr. Husmann is one of my favorite professors at UTM! Your grade is only based on exams, but she wrote everything on the board that we needed to know. She is very clear.,4.0,2.0
Everything on the exams come from lecture, so show up to class! She really simplifies microbiology and explains things in a really easy way. The material is pretty much learning terms, so prepare to memorize information. Quizlet or flashcards will be your best friend for this class. Your course grade comes from 3 tests, one quiz, and lab.,5.0,3.0
She was a wonderful professor and I would definitely take her again. Make sure you study the notes, and the textbook is not required!,5.0,4.0
Dr. Husmann was great to have for MBIO 251! She thoroughly enjoyed teaching this class, and was always open to helping her students! Take notes and study them, and youll definitely succeed. 3 tests and the final are your only grades. One bad test grade, and that can affect you. Textbook is not required or ever used. She loves telling jokes too!,5.0,2.0
I enjoyed Dr. Husmann, and I wish I could take her again. She effectively goes through her notes during lectures, and she explains everything in a clear manner. The only grades we had were three tests and a final exam. You need to show up to class because you're held accountable for everything she talks about and everything that is in the notes.,5.0,3.0
TAKE NOTES! When she says to have a complete understanding of your notes for tests, she means it. She writes down EVERYTHING you need to know for her tests. It's super easy to get a good grade in her class. She's not the most exciting teacher, and is kind of annoying with her MN accent, but i highly recommend taking her for a high B easy A!,4.0,3.0
What she writes on the board will be what is on the test. She uses pictures, diagrams, and charts as a reference while she lectures but as long as you know what she has written down, you will pass the test. I thoroughly enjoyed her as a teacher.,4.5,3.0
Pretty easy and nice, but her tests suck. She doesn't give partial credit on the true and false (must explain ALL reasons why false for credit) and this can lose some major points. Otherwise not bad, mainly memorization. Has the great MN accent, so it's fun to hear how she says different words, says 'folks' a lot.,4.5,2.0
Easy compared to other Bio professors. Not the most entertaining lecturer but all the notes for the test are written on the board. She's a little awkward, but she means well. Tells jokes every Friday (she thinks they're funny). I would take her again.,4.0,1.0
Good teacher hard tests. Only 3 and a final so don't screw up. Slicker then snot on a door nail and good afternoon microbiologists are her fav sayings. shes fun. Harder then i thought though.,3.0,4.0
She is a very good professor and whatever she lectures on in class is what you should expect to be on the tests. Nothing more. However, her tests are very difficult and there are no drops (3 tests + final). So if you mess up on one it could hurt your grade greatly.,4.5,4.0
A good teacher, hard though. Still do not be discouraged by 310 though, it's a lot of material in one class. 401 rocked, a very interesting course and an overall easy class.,4.0,3.0
She is a great teacher. She really cares about her students. She knows her stuff, and she is fun. She will make the labs fun as well. I recommend her. Her tests aren't easy, but thats the way it should be if you are a biology major. Take her!!,5.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Everything you need to know is given to you in the notes. She is very helpful and explains everything very well.,5.0,3.0
She is a wonderful Freshman Studies teacher. She tries to help you as much as possible and it helps when you first arrive at college. Concerned in the well being of all her students.,5.0,1.0
she is really a great teacher. she explains everything very well, The tests are kinda hard, but it you study you should do fine,5.0,2.0
she is a really good teacher that explains things very well.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Husmann is by far one of UT-Martin's best professors. She is very helpful, organized, and pleasant. She writes everything you need to know on the board. She is not easy, however. Study your notes THOROUGHLY! She expects you to KNOW the material and be able to apply it on tests.,5.0,3.0
She is one of the best biology professors at UTM. She made micro as fun as interesting as possible. Likes to tell jokes and get a reaction from her students.,4.5,2.0
One of the best professors at UTM! She couldn't be more helpful, and her lectures couldn't be more straightforward. She writes everything you need to know on the board. Her exams are difficult but completely unambiguous. I thoroughly enjoy her classes!,5.0,3.0
I have taken her for two micro classes and she is the best professor I have had!! Very willing to help and very personable! She is extremely smart and knows her stuff, expects you to know your stuff too!Her lectures are very straight forward!!,5.0,3.0
very good teacher. tests are failrly easy,4.5,2.0
I thought she was a really good professor. Her lectures are to the point (for the most part) and her tests come directly from the lectures. All multiple choice questions are definitely a good thing too!,4.0,1.0
Let's face it-micro is just boring. However, Dr. Hussman is a very nice person. She is a hard teacher, but she is also very good. She also tries to make micro exciting (didn't work for me)!,5.0,4.0
Awesome teacher. Kind of boring at times, but over all very good. She covers material very well and tests come straight from the notes. Sometimes I don't get her jokes, but she tries.,5.0,1.0
Her class isn't really hard but you have to study all the time. She does write everything on the board but she nit-picks when test time comes. If you take her be ready to study,2.5,3.0
She has a bad mixture of the Minnessota accent and a southern one.,3.5,3.0
Dr. H is a great professor. She's really nice. She cares about her students and really makes learning micro fun. She's a great mentor and has helped me on my way to a successful career in biotechnology.,5.0,2.0
She is the only teacher that can take a boring subject like biology and make it more boring. They should shorten Lab to ten minutes.,2.0,4.0
She is great. She writes everything on the board.,5.0,1.0
Great professor!,5.0,3.0
Professor Cook was an amazing professor. He was given a tall task with two big obstacles in my semester: COVID shutdown, and he was thrown into a class he didn't teach in the first half. He covered all the material he could very effectively and gave everyone a fair shot with as many assignments as possible. His lectures were funny and great!,4.0,2.0
If it wasnt only offered at 8 A.M. I would have loved this class. Thats the only negative about this class. Dr. Cook is funny and knows what hes talking about. He gives you lists of terms to study for tests.,4.0,5.0
There is a decent amount of notes, but his tests are straight from the notes and the responses are super easy and will boost your grade. He is caring and funny,5.0,2.0
I loved this class so much! Dr. Cook is a great professor, and he makes the material fun. You have about one paragraph you have to turn in every other week as well as around 4 tests. The tests aren't too bad, but the T/F is kind of tricky. We got up to 7 absences. As long as you show up and take good notes, you'll be fine!,4.0,1.0
This is a HARD Theatre class, so make sure you take excellent notes and even though he gives you a lot of days you can miss class, don't use them unless you absolutely have to. Begin to study for tests weeks ahead of time.,4.0,4.0
Amazing, nicest person i have ever met. His class his rather hard but Im not very clever. Has really big enthusiasm especially when i had Him at 8am. Would definitely recommend,5.0,3.0
Really nice guy, interesting class, long lectures, and he can be borderline stereotypical on some things which is really off-putting. That's the easiest way to find out who the immature students in class are. Otherwise, no big deal.,3.0,3.0
This class was good. The lectures always seem straightforward, but even at my most-prepared the best I could do on the test was a low A. Basically, you just have to study ALL of the material he gives you on Canvas and in class to make an A on the test. He gives you a lot of chances to make a better grade, though.,4.0,3.0
LOVE him! He is hilarious. He is, hands down, one of the best teachers I've ever had!,4.0,4.0
I had Professor Cook for Theatre 111 & I loved it! I wasn't sure about the class but he made it very interesting and exciting . He provided options so we did not have to take the final. I would highly recommend this professor.,5.0,2.0
Don't take the class at 8 AM, because he's very energetic and loud, but any other time of the day I'm sure it's appreciated. (ha). He's funny and very clear about what he wants. Easy A if you do the work and study for the tests. Take notes.,4.0,2.0
Doug is the man. His lectures are weird and hilarious, just like him. He jumps on the table and screams and uses terrible sound effects on the computer throughout. Seriously. Take him.,5.0,3.0
His powerpoints are very boring. He puts true and false trick questions on the tests, so pay very close attention. You are required to see at least one play during the semester, and write an essay over very specific details. The critical responses towards the end of the semester are confusing to understand, watch the videos if you're confused.,2.5,3.0
For a theater class, he really made it harder than what it had to be. He assigned too many assignments to do everyday and forced everyone to buy tickets to his boring plays for a grade.,2.5,3.0
Doug is great! He makes theatre awesome, and his lectures are hilarious. He is extremely enthusiastic and lots of fun to be around. In addition to that, he really works with the students and is pretty understanding.,4.5,1.0
Class was ok. Didn't like that he didnt give out a study guide.,3.0,3.0
Attendance is mandatory and you can't have your computer in class, not even to take notes.. which is ridiculous. Get with it Doug! But he is a fun and easy teacher. He uses lectures/powerpoints and you watch a play. No book required.. easy A. Very helpful and nice guy!,4.0,2.0
Not textbook needed because he teaches from powerpoint slides. :(,4.0,2.0
Just read the slides on blackboard and look over the book and you'll be fine. There's really no reason to go to lecture except that he takes attendance. =[ He pretty much just reads the slides. I take other homework to work on during this class. He's funny though, so that's a plus.,1.5,1.0
He likes to hear himself talk. Sometimes he makes rude jokes. His lecture class sucks, but he's a great set and lighting designer... and he knows it.,3.5,3.0
Fun guy, uses alot of animations and sound effects in his slide shows. tests will kill you if you dont study but they really arent that hard.,4.0,2.0
He's really cool. But this class is really annoying. You actually have to study stuff about theatre of the past and stuff. It's more like a history class. It was theatre 111 I think and it was just a fine arts elective. But I love him. He's great. So if you want to be entertained, take him.,5.0,2.0
Theatre is one of the most boring subject matters to me but Dr. Cook is wonderful. He's absolutely hilarious and makes the class as interesting as it can be. He had a very advanced sense of humor and isn't too bad on the eyes! Take him for this class if you have to take it! Get to know Doug some way even if you don't take the class! He's fabulous!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
Simply one of the best people at UTM. Without him I would not have graduated and I would have missed out on several educational opportunities. My life is better for having met him.,5.0,1.0
he is a great guy!,4.0,2.0
Doug is funny and enthusiastic. Class was always enjoyable and he is easy to be friends with.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Doug is THE man. There simply isn't a second way about it.,5.0,1.0
class was ok, kinda boring other than his crazy references. tests were a bit difficult...never made above a c on one, and i studied. he is tolerable.,2.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
I wasn't interested in theatre until i took his class. He made class interesting with his humor and great stories. He's definetly a dog lover.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
Doug is the coolest teacher that I know at this school. He is always ready and willing to help with all your problems. All around hes a great guy!,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
he's the type of professor that tells massive amounts of stories so that he can keep you in class for hours on end...but he's okay,5.0,1.0
Doug is great! I loved taking his class. Unfortunately I missed the Powerpoint days in his Understanding Theatre, but I snuck into a couple...they were great! Doug is cool!!,5.0,2.0
Doug rules. He's funny and a wonderful chair of a brilliant department (Visual & Theatre Arts rule! {especially Theatre}) and just an all-around great human being.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Great and fun class. Plays were very interesting!,5.0,1.0
If you can make it through the plays, you will be alright,3.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Whoever rated this man as sexy, has lost their minds.,2.5,2.0
Great teacher, a little corny but that's Doug.,5.0,2.0
I. Love. Ken. He is the best and I see him to talk to him on a daily basis. He isn't hard if you try and do as you are told.,5.0,1.0
Basically you have to show up for class. Period. If you don't, your grade will suffer. Other than attendance though, as long as you try you'll do just fine in his class. It is an acting class, so it involves a lot of participation and memorizing scenes and monologues, but if you put effort into it you wont fail.,3.5,3.0
If you do what you are asked to do and you let him know what is going on he is great.,3.5,2.0
Very Good teacher, Makes class fun and interesting. It's more like a family than a class. Avoid "Directing" though, if it's not his way it's wrong, other than that, great. No, he is not easy. You have to earn your grade. I'm a theatre minor and did not get an A in a theatre class until my Junior year. "acting" is and easy B and if you try a solid A,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
I've done multiple shows with Ken, and taken 1 class. The man knows what he wants, and he will do what he has to in order to get it. He doesn't accept something below his standards, and I respect that in anyone.,4.5,2.0
He is a hard instructor. He makes the class unrealistically hard. Most students are only taking it as requirement but treats it as a begnning for someone's major.,2.0,4.0
Doesn't accept mediocrity- something so common at UTM. He sticks with his standards, regardless of student pressure.,5.0,5.0
This class was a joke and a half. Suck up and succeed.,1.0,1.0
A real jirk. You must be a theatre major to get a part in his plays, talent does not even count in his thinking. The truth is you must suck up to him to get a part. To critical for his own good. How can he judge acting whene he cannot act himself.,1.0,5.0
Doesn't have any kind of teaching plan. He goes off on stories all the time. He knows what he is doing, but try to get it out of him and good luck.,4.0,1.0
My favorite proffessor. He will help you if you are interested in helping yourself. Great person.,4.5,2.0
The Z-Man is the master. Don't let anyone fool you, he knows what he's doing, and it shows on the stage. Just ask anyone from another theatre department about the kids Ken trains...there's a noticeable difference. He gets the job done.,5.0,4.0
Ken Rocks! He's a super nice guy. He's got a bad rap from some of the drama punks because he tells them like it is i.e. some of them can't act and he's not going to tell them they can. I thought he was a great professor.,5.0,1.0
can be rude,but is alright. May be hard. I still got an A.,2.5,4.0
Anal retentive. Can be rude..really annoying!,1.5,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Good teacher. Willing to work with you one-on-one. Very understanding.,5.0,1.0
Took him for writing fiction and was hesitant on taking another class of his but I did it anyway and I regret it extremely. He does not teach anything else besides grammar. I took screenwriting with his and learned nothing about the topic. All he does is grill students about their grammar.,2.0,5.0
One of the best professors I have ever had. He is extremely knowledgeable about his subject. Class is always interesting. I have learned so much and become a much better writer. He is also willing to read anything students send to him and offer feedback. It would truly be a loss for a Loyola student not to take a class with him.,5.0,2.0
extremely knowledgable about poetry and all other literature. VERY helpful one-on-one and interesting course lectures. one of the most distinguished professors at Loyola in my opinion. super nice, and his class isn't too demanding or difficult,5.0,2.0
Writing Fiction: Really lenient on due dates. Overall nice guy. Class is more evaluating other people's work than actual leacture,4.5,2.0
He's one of the most helpful and encouraging professors I've ever met. Definitely recommend taking him.,5.0,2.0
I took him for two classes, and he is amazing. He will make you a better writer, reader, and ever speaker. I hated poetry until his class. Very understanding. Go out of your way to take one of his classes.,5.0,2.0
One of the best writers in the United states at the present time - is willing to put large amounts of time into helping you improve your writing. Earning top grades is hard - participation does help. Light workload, but simply attending lectures is life changing. Majors, minors, those seeking interesting electives - take this man's class.,5.0,3.0
The best writing professor. Works one on one with students, thorough workshops, knows everything about anything, gives great insight and generally cares about the work you do. Be prepared for some serious workshopping of your work, but it pays off. Highly recommended.,5.0,2.0
Took back to back classes, Reading Poetry and Creative Writing, he was very helpful and gives great lectures. Great for a workshop. A very published author, has a novel and a collection of short stories, writes a column in The New York Times. Attendance wasn't bad. I got two B+ and didn't rreally put much time into my papers. Great guy . .,5.0,1.0
Took back to back classes, Reading Poetry and Creative Writing, he was very helpful and gives great lectures. Great for a workshop. A very published author, has a novel and a collection of short stories, writes a column in The New York Times. Attendance wasn't bad. I got two B+ and didn't rreally put much time into my papers. Great guy . .,5.0,1.0
I TOOK HIM FOR READING POETRY AND LOVED THE CLASS. I NEVER HAD ANY INTEREST IN POETRY, BUT HE MADE THE CLASS VERY INTERESTING AND ENGAGING. HE IS VERY SMART, HELPFUL, AND EASY GOING. THE CLASS IS PRETTY STRAIGHT FORWARD AND HE REALLY TRIES TO MAKE IT SO EVERYONE DOES WELL. ATTENDANCE ISNT REALLY MANDATORY, BUT I WENT BECAUSE I WANTED TO GO.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Took him for Poetry and Creative Writing in successive semesters because I was that intrigued. Very mild mannered and professional. Listen to what this man says, he can help you immensly!,5.0,1.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
He's a great teacher for workshop,4.0,3.0
great prof. has an awesome extention policy. willing to work with students!,5.0,4.0
Has the effect of making people want to be like him. Great writer, loves what he does, but sometimes obsesses over small details and can forget to say anything nice about a story he really liked.,4.5,3.0
Without him I would still be puttering around writing 5 paragraph slop.,5.0,2.0
I love him! He knows everything and is very helpful in you have ANY problems. I want to marry this man haha,5.0,3.0
He is very intellegent. The work load was pretty light. However, I learned a lot.,5.0,3.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
No Comments,2.5,2.0
She is AWESOME! Take notes in class, do your homework, review section before class and ASK QUESTIONS(Not stupid ones)! Very helpful, students don't seem to ask her for help much, but she is always willing to clarify. Your average on the test is what your final grade will look like unless you Ace the final. I totally recommend her.,4.5,2.0
Mrs. Mason is a good teacher. If you take notes in class and study 2 hours a class you should get an A or B. Use Math Lab Tutor's because time fly's. If you are on time and consitant with your homework, you will be 1 of her favorites,4.5,1.0
I hope she's gone from smc now, so that she won't break other's academic lives. Umm, you want a review of her, no it i'd call her "it" Okay, here you go, three words: "what the hell???",1.0,5.0
Why is she still teaching? Worst teacher for math ever. Has no respect for the students and is a click teacher. Why? because she picks favorites in the class in according to your appearance.,1.0,5.0
One of those maverick instructors who likes to shun the book's methods; therefore, it is important to attend class. Can be sarcastic and somewhat condescending if asked a stupid question. (I actually have no problem with that.),3.5,3.0
Math is not my best subject seeing as I took a below college level course, however i was able to point out more than 4 errors throughout the course that mason made. she is very boring but does give a fair amount of homework. my advise, take someone else!,1.0,4.0
this lady sucks so much! i can't believe she is a math teacher. She uses her own text book, auther=herself! so bad, it has so many mistake and misstype in her text book! her class is boring as hell! her test is lame, its all fill in the freaking blanks!! how is that GEOMATRY!!??? too much memorization! DONT TAKE IT!!,1.5,3.0
Not organized, didn't learn anything as long as I stayed in the class. Stay away from this prof.,1.0,4.0
lets see... she is very sarcastic and probably has one of the worst teaching methods i've ever seen. Nice lady, but her style doesn't seem to be helpful, so i wouldn't recommend this class for anyone who wants to learn math seriously and from the teacher, instead of the book.,1.5,4.0
She's a great proffesor; she's dedicated and knows her stuff.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
dont take her class!!!!! eventhough your good at math, with her everything so compilcated. you never ever get A!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
Mason is not a teacher who is patient and clear in her explanations. She can make simple and easy to understand concepts hard with her explanations. She likes to deride any math concept she doesn't like. I had to teach myself for both math 31 and 20.,2.5,5.0
sooooo boring and not a good teacher.,1.5,3.0
Very easy as long as you do the homework or at least most of it. The tests are easier than the homework and she gives partial credit for free response questions. She has an interesting sense of humor (memorize what she tells you to). This class was the only A I've ever gotten in a math class.,4.0,2.0
Common stool pigeons ,Mrs. M isn't so bad.I will tell you this much, if your not good at math you will have to study a lot no matter who you take, she just happens to be bad at explaining stuff because its easy to her.not a bad egg. Nice gal you get to know her. I think shes funny. The class is very long but flies by with her. Shes cool.,2.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
ohh terrible!!! just terrible, the worst teacher i had in my life. so wierd. she actually should be in some psycho hospital, just look at her, and you will be like what the @$#% is that?,1.0,5.0
She is not a good teacher, she belittles people, etc. But for some reason, I have an affection for the old gal. She is kind in her own robotic way...its not that boring of a class. I think the time sort of flys by.,1.5,4.0
really irritating.,2.0,4.0
Hard to get A even though u did a lot of hw,,tests and exams are both difficult.,2.5,5.0
Extremely rude and abusive! Belittled me for asking questions, rolled her eyes and pointed out how stupid I was. Very muddled and unclear teaching style. She is, of course, boring. The one test I took before transfering was not too terribly hard, but read direcions carefully, she's tricky.,1.0,3.0
Horrble...if you want to learn something DON"T TAKE HER CLASS,1.0,5.0
aaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!, this teacher sucks, BIG TIME. i bearly passed it with a C. Extremely boring, don't take her. I HAD TO TAKE HER, BECAUSE I HAD NO OTHER CHOICE....,1.5,4.0
Great Teacher. Although her tests were a bit more difficult than one could expect, she teaches you and prepares you for everything you need to know. She is very clear in what she says and class maybe a little boring but its a 2 hour class of math. Ofcourse its going to be boring.,5.0,2.0
this person can't even spell, no wonder he/she dropped out. She is one of the worst if not the worst math teacher at SMC. My opinion she should retire and order a husband in one of those catalogs; then she'll leave SMC students alone and that'll increase the chances of us getting teachers who can actually teach.,1.0,5.0
Great teacher. After being a highschool drop out never though I can understand anything in any class especially math but with her help I was able to find my math skills and got an A in both math 31 and math 20 which were 8 week courses,5.0,3.0
put it this way i fall a sleep within the first 20min of class because she is that boring. That it.,2.0,2.0
She is 100 yrs; makes you do classwork while she goes around checking student's work. She'll single you out in front of the class when you make mistakes. She "cares about her students", that person doesn't even know English. She's like the great-grandmother you never met; keep it that way stay away from her class. She has no personality (robot).,1.0,3.0
She is increidbly boring and does not care for her students academically. If you don't understand something, you'd have better luck asking someone in the class than her, unless your don't mind feeling like a fool in class, cause she will make fun of you.All around it wasn't a great class, very boring, and sad to see a teacher like that still teachi,1.0,4.0
PLEASE FIRE this "teacher." Mason doesn't care about teaching. I dropped her class 1week after the semester began (8 students near my seat hated her but they couldn't do anything about it because they needed the class badly). She doesn't have patience at all. Everybody felt intimidated and wouldn't ask questions even when they were TOTALLY confused,1.0,5.0
WoW what a witch. She teaches very fast and if u cant keep up,well too bad! Plus she is very mean.if u dont understand something,she wont help just make u feel stupid. unless u kiss her ass!!,1.5,3.0
she was horrible. do not take this teacher. she needs to retire,1.0,3.0
I took short semester geometry with her. she is not hard. she take care about her students, their work ,and their progress in the class whitch I think there are not many math instructor to do that. If you are nice and do your work she is nice with you, not tough.,4.5,1.0
Gosh!! many may think that all that have their opinion here are the people that are lazy.well believe or not she's a awful teacher. pretty much you have to do work study which is study out of the book with out any major help from her.There no obligated homework.. plain simple don't take her please!,1.0,3.0
she has been teaching for a while so she has more or less lost the thrill of the job. the class its self was easy but her grading methods bring her rating down,2.5,4.0
she's weird and is horrible at teaching. but, if you get on her soft side, she's actually amusing and should i say nice? but horrible horrible at teaching, she cant explain well at all. she can also be very mean and sarcastic. not an easy grader,1.0,4.0
Put it this way do not waste your time and yours. Even if you had to just take it think of other options first. I got a good grade, but still I do not reccomend this teacher.,1.5,3.0
No Comments,2.5,4.0
She is so hot! And the way she makes her x's, like little curly q's...oh, good god! please let her not be married! i love it when women debase me and make me feel inferior to them, so you can imagine how good she'd make me feel! and her final wasn't that hard since half the class was doing poorly.,3.0,3.0
Omfg the first lecture and she bored the hell out of the class. Thankfully I dropped her class before I stayed. It didnt look promising and shes not helpful. THAT UGLY OLD SAG WILL PUT UR ASS TO SLEEP. NO NO NO,1.0,4.0
This class will be hard for you if you haven't taken basic algebra in a while...she is a good teacher though and has a refreshing perspective on mathematics...she will challenge you, but you will learn.,4.5,4.0
Much bettter thene most male math teachers at SMC. But she can get very annoyinh when she cares to much or not much at all. Test can be boaring but she makes it easy for you to pass the class. She is constanly giving small extra credit and drops a test.,4.5,3.0
During the summer I study approx., 7-8 hours a day for her class. Her tests have no similarities to the homework or topics covered in class. It's like I studying one thing and she tests on a different math, things that are not coverded at all.,5.0,5.0
Horrible class. Boring... Waste of time. Took her class during the short session. Was thinking about suicide at the end.,1.0,2.0
Wow, until today I never thought I have met such a horrible teacher!! Yes I got a passing grade in that class but Mason was such a horrible teacher! I would never recommend anyone to take her class. She as well as her lectures are both so unorganized!,1.5,4.0
don't take her class,1.0,3.0
SHE SUCKS!! Doesn't care about any of her students. Horrible woman, I dropped her class and got an A in another math22 class.,1.0,5.0
If the class has a good avarage in her class then be prepared for the hardest final.,4.5,2.0
Mrs. Mason is a nice teacher, she does teach fast during the short term classes but it's overall easy. A lot of H/W.,4.0,2.0
She is a nice teacher.Although she got a serious looking, she likes when students ask her questions,u can interrupt her.She'll help u.=) Nice Match Teacher. Don't take her in a short semester.,4.0,2.0
Very anal, her way or the highway kind of atittude. Do not take her class! you have been warned.,2.0,3.0
Anal teacher when it comes to grading. doesn't like to be corrected and is very boring. take her only if you like sleep.,2.0,2.0
very boring, if you like naps take her class...,1.5,4.0
sheila mason is a maniac. she takes attendance 4 times a day and talks to students as if they have the mental capacity of plankton.,1.0,2.0
Avoid Sheila Mason like the plague.Ability to learn will be severely limited.,1.5,5.0
She's a good teacher; knows her stuff,4.5,2.0
She's cool , she's got this sarcastic style. She's in her 50's,5.0,4.0
Very easy and very lenient on absences and tardiness. Very cool teacher.,3.5,1.0
This professor always goes off topic in her lectures and it's hard to understand what is actually being taught. She makes you buy an expensive book that cannot be bought anywhere else other than McGraw Hill. The homework takes hours to do and her quizzes always have spelling errors which will mess you up. She makes you write a 10 page business plan,1.0,4.0
She was an alright teacher, but it was a rather awful experience. Her lectures are actually good and she covers most of the topics. The quizzes are only on the round tables and they're all trick questions. She made mistakes in the exams. There's a lot of extra credit, but don't rely on it. It's not the worse class, but it's not great either.,2.0,4.0
Her lectures in-class usually go off-topic, talking about business for a few minutes, then something not business related for 10 minutes. The quizzes she makes usually have mistakes and sometimes the questions cannot be understood/confusing. When confronted about quiz question mistakes, she usually won't fix it. Easy A if you do all assignments.,1.0,2.0
Lectures were us listening to her insane beliefs in conspiracy theories. Quiz/test questions are pulled verbatim from study guides, so easy A/B. Makes you feel dumb for not understanding. Puts zero effort into teaching. Final project's explanation was literally copy-pasted from book. Won't accept blame for her incompetence when called out.,1.0,1.0
Prof. gives a good amount of extra credit. If you participate, it counts as extra credit. Homework is very easy, quizzes are based on "round tables." It's a manageable class, I'd recommend taking her.,4.0,2.0
She was an alright teacher, but if you asked a question she made you feel stupid. She is also not very open to feedback. Her quizzes and exams supposedly come straight from the handouts, but most of the questions are not there and do not relate to business at all. It's not a hard class to pass, but the tests and final project are a guessing game.,2.0,3.0
She gives a lot of extra credit, so definitely take advantage of that. She gives multiple attempts for homework assignments which are on McGraw Hill. Her lectures are pretty good & she records them. Read the round tables because quizzes are based on that. She's a good professor, would recommend.,4.0,3.0
Most of your grade is based on Exams and Quizzes that she gives you. Exams are timed while Quizzes you have a couple of days to usually do. The workload is light but her quizzes and exams have absurd questions oftentimes which makes things difficult as your grade is based on answering those questions. Also lectures about irrelevant stuff too much.,3.0,3.0
Stay away from Conley at all costs. Her ego is as big as her mouth. The worst part is that she cant teach. You literally wont understand a thing when shes lecturing. Why pay so much when youre teaching yourself?,1.0,5.0
she's great during lectures and makes it interesting, however make sure to note down anything she says because exams will be based on it. she often makes mistakes on her exams, and isn't cooperative in regrading or responding our emails. but she gives a lot of extra credits, so make sure to take advantage of it!,1.0,3.0
She expect you write anything she say in class with speed of light! and ask them in exams. I saw my native English classmates couldn't write her lecture. lots of advise, good but not related to business. If you are international student not good in English Language avoid her class, must relay on your studying and you cannot learn anything in class,1.0,3.0
Prof. Conley is straightforward & wants you to learn the basic principles of business. She treats you as a professional & wants you to treat the class as though you are already entering a business environment. Do the hw, attend lectures and take good notes-key to passing, youll do great. No excuses do the work, tests & final paper youll pass.,5.0,3.0
pretty horrible, very boring in class. lots of notes and random power outages and wifi problems. No responsiveness to emails. very abrupt and non forgiving aswell to homework related issues. make sure your turning in your work promptly,1.0,3.0
Worst professor ever. The tests are literally made incorrectly so if you study and have A level knowledge you can easily end up with a B. She is not responsive to criticism about her tests and refuses to regrade. Don't take this class.,1.0,3.0
I will never take a class with her again. Especially if you ever pointed anything out on her exams, which half of them wrong, or if you ever stood out for yourself. Know that she will make her best to make sure you fail the class or feel humiliated.,1.0,3.0
She doesn't use the information in the textbook.,5.0,1.0
Professor would go on long personal stories unrelated to the subject matter about aliens being in contact with national governments and about how Steve Jobs was Galileo in a past life. When the class went online due to Covid19 I muted every lecture and passed with a B. I read none of the textbook and guessed every question until I was done with it.,2.0,1.0
Avoid this class if you don't want to get yelled at every 5 minutes. EVERYTHING is important to her, so make sure you write down her EVERY THOUGHT! She always offers extra credit, so you can't really fail her class however she does give you a ton of assignments.,1.0,2.0
She is very unclear . She was super disorganized, and was 15-30 minutes late to just about every lecture. When I did badly on an exam and tried to talk to her about it, she was not very understanding. It is possible to do well in her class but it is too much work for anyone who isn't a business major.,1.0,5.0
Do not take her!! She loose your work & you have to remind her multiple times about putting in your grade, if you don't you wont get a grade for it and its on you. Its aloooot of homework, 5 of exams and 5 quizzes through out the semester. Tests are based on her lecture, book and learnsmart and even though its open notes they are not easy at all.,1.0,4.0
She takes up most of the class time going off on anecdotes that aren't related to the content you are learning and spends less than half the class going over the actual chapter slides. You mostly learn by yourself through reading. Her tests are worded terribly and expects you to write at the speed of light. I was very disappointed with her teaching,2.0,3.0
She's a goof professor, but she does mix her personal beliefs and ideas and random stuff into a lecture. She does not really go over things well, so you will have to do a lot of reading and do the online assignments and you will pass the class.,3.0,3.0
I was excited to take this course, but I was heavily let down. The instructions she gives are so unclear that even her take-home quizzes dont make sense. Exams are horribly worded questions that students have to correct her about DURING the exam. Gives a huge project & doesnt explain anything. Jokes are fun to an extent (didnt learn anything),4.0,4.0
Heres the thing about her, shes funny and nice, but I dont think you will learn a lot from her class, she gives a lot of paper (Round Table) for you to print out, eventually, youre gonna use these papers for take home quiz which are confusing to read and answer, I think she just gives out unclear direction about it and her exams are weird as well.,1.0,1.0
I think its great to that everyone takes this course not only does the professor teach about the principles of business but she helps you understand it and connect it to real life situations. As long as you do your homework on time and take advantage of extra credit youll be good.,5.0,3.0
Ms. Conleys class was probably the most entertaining class Ive attended at smc. She is so funny and her teaching style is fun. She can rush through power points at times and put some questions on the test that have nothing to do with what she taught. Although she does provide a lot of extra credit opportunities inside and outside of class.,4.0,2.0
She's a funny lady, but not so great of a professor. Didn't learn much in this class. Tests were a bit ridiculous and confusing, despite them being open-book. Sometimes condescending and moody, but she's not a mean lady. Contacted me after class officially ended asking for a reply, guess it affected my grade, didn't appreciate that.,2.0,3.0
Funny, relatable and understanding. Tests are open note and you can use anything except electronic devices. However, I don't think I learned much. It's an easy A. Gives MANY extra credit opportunities. Great sense of humor. Could've easily gotten an A without going to class, but she still expects you to attend. Gives random extra credit points.,4.0,2.0
She wasn't what I expected from reading previous reviews. She's a nice lady in her own way, and kind of funny. BUT, she's always late, makes fun of students for asking questions and is unnecessarily rude. Exams are hard, they're open book but doesn't matter cause you wont have time to look in it. However, lots of extra credit opportunities!,2.0,4.0
Professor Conley is a great person and has very insightful lessons about life. She has a very interesting personality and isn't a bland or boring person. This class is very easy bc ALL exams are open note and she offers ALOT of extra credit. This class is an easy A but if you want to learn about business and be challenged this class isnt for you.,4.0,1.0
Professor Roper-Conley is sometimes easily distracted, but she definitely know what she's talking about. Her exams are open book/notes but you won't have time to double check everything (100 questions/1h). Like someone here wrote: "Very wise and hilarious woman, and quite the character.",4.0,4.0
Did not learn a single thing in this class. I couldn't help but feel like I wasted a lot of my time. The lectures were long and not even about business but mostly personal matters and other random subjects. Sure its an easy class, but if you actually want to learn something about business then this is not the professor for you.,2.0,1.0
Very basic class. She doesn't assign homework, so it's up to you to take notes and stay on top of textbook readings. I strongly suggest you print and annotate anything she emails you-- you can use notes during tests. She's easily distracted, but when she's on, she's great. Loved her lectures. Very wise and hilarious woman, and quite the character.,3.5,2.0
Honestly, her class felt like high school all over again. Unorganized and always arrived to class late over at the Bundy campus. Tests & Quizzes are fairly easy. Open notes, so you shouldn't have a problem receiving a decent grade. Lectures can be boring. If you want to learn about Business, take another Professor.,2.5,1.0
Actually claims ALIENS ARE REAL! Arrives late, wastes time on tangents, rushes through lecture in last 5 min of class time, then claims current generation has poor work ethics! Tricked class into extra credit during her professional evaluation, for appearance. I learned that the best career choice is Business Professor, job security is amazing!,1.0,4.0
1. Open note testquiz (every quizzes goes into extra credit) 2. Clear on what will be on the test 3. Group report 300 (Received 295300 - very easily) 4. A LOT OF EXTRA CREDIT (Received almost 30 points of extra credit) 5. Talks a lot in class, but I took that time to take notes out of textbook (understands you as long as you're not misbehavin,5.0,1.0
If you are an A student I will not definetely recommend this class, because the professor is most likely to lose your test at least once or twice and confuse your grade. Had a though time, not very well organized.,2.0,3.0
She doesn't take bs and WILL call you out if you act childishly in class. She appreciates professionalism and is very lenient in her class structures. She tends to go on tangents during class but always manages to tie it back into the lesson. This class is an easy A if you take advantage of the plentiful EC and take good notes: exams are open notes,5.0,1.0
Really cool teacher. Never missed a class. Very relaxed not strict. Really open up my mind business wise. Easy A if you show up and do the learn smart. Tons of extra credit opportunities. Open note tests. Must take!!!! Loved this teacher!! Would take her again in the future if possible,5.0,1.0
TAKE THIS TEACHER! Fun, relates book stuff to real life, haves lots of stories about her kids and what not. Lots of extra credit. I think you'll need to miserably fail to get anything else than an A. Nonetheless, she is a very good teacher and her lectures are nor torture to sit through - and evening classes get out an hour early,4.0,3.0
Took this class during a summer session. Even though it's a easy class, you learn a lot. Open book test. Offers simple EC not worth many points.,4.5,1.0
Her class is very simple. Very interesting because she talks about real-life occurrences. Her class is not boring at all, she makes it fun & interesting. Highly recommended!,4.0,1.0
This class is like a high school class. She is like a high school teacher. This is good because the class is easy and relatively straight forward. This is bad because she treats you like your 15 years old and quite frankly she is not very intelligent and makes dumb statements. Overall she is a nice lady and will help you but you will learn little.,4.0,1.0
I LOVE THIS TEACHER!!! She relates everything to business, makes sure you understand the lectures, if you don't she will stay after class and explain. This is the BEST CLASS I've taken so far! She cares for her students and allows for in class discussions. Very nice and helpful, she makes jokes but only those who pay attention get them.,5.0,1.0
She seems very weird first few lessons, talking about aliens and stuff, but she relates everything to business. She's really funny too, every class was a blast. I can honestly say that this is the only class I've never skipped a single one of, even went there sick. She's the best take her! oh and she gives out super much extra credit.,4.5,1.0
Really good professor...gives u a picture how everything has a link with business...she wants everyone to have an A and gives a lot of extra credits..take her,4.5,1.0
she is literally the worst teacher i've ever had. she messed up the answer sheets for the scantrons so that everyone in the class failed, until we FORCED her to go over them.....which consequently gave us all As. she is HORRIBLE, she talks 24/7 about random things that no one cares about, such as her love life and ex-husband. stay away,1.0,1.0
Useless,she was a fill in for a prof. Marce Kelly. Noone in the class likes her, she talks too much, but her tests are easy. EXTREMELY CONFUSING and blames it on the students for her in comprehensible manner of teaching.,2.0,2.0
A joke. Talked about haunted houses, aliens living amoung us, and unknown forces that keep people from "blowing the world up." Hillriously un-articulate. If you hope to take a scholarly business class, run. If you hope to watch a stand-up comedy show with an ignorant comedian, as well as get a better grasp on your ebonics, perfect!,3.0,2.0
Unorganized. Yells and very disrespectful to students.Always late. Gives extra credit & looses the work.Gets side tract regularly.Uses brother as guest speaker and argues in front of class when he is late.Unfair.Does not return calls & emails.,1.0,3.0
her class was fun and really helpful for me. I thought I couldnt pass this course cuz my essay grades were always less than B. However inspite of that I am an internationial student of 5 months in the US, she gave me B not D or F.. since i met this class my mind is heading to get degree in business!,3.5,4.0
Not for serious college students! Lectures consist mainly of her own irrelevant theories and personal stories. She is disorganized, mangles words, spelling and grammar, and is very arrogant. She seems to "wing it" in her lessons, as she doesn't seem to know much about things like history or government, and little of business theory.,2.5,2.0
She is a fabulous teacher because she teaches you about the ?real world of business". She teaches you about business and gives you tips on succeeding with a job and with life's challenges. She cares about her students. Not boring. She makes the class fun with her stories. I recommend her to anyone who wants to be successful not only in business,5.0,1.0
Hilarious teacher. Sort of crazy. She knows a lot about business and gets side tracked easily with her stories about when she used to work at different companies. Make sure you have a good group for her final. Lots of extra credit opportunities. Great class!,3.5,2.0
She is great. She gives you the basics of business in a fun way. She has lots of stories on company's history. Very interesting. She can be bit unorganized with assignments, once in a while. Assingments are doable. For final, team up with good students. My group all bailed on me and I had to do most of work. Do the extra credit, will help.,4.5,3.0
She is very easy going yet strict. Is helpful and fair. Through out her class you will sure have some good laughs. I recomend this class to anyone who needs it.,5.0,1.0
She is great.. very helpfull. I took her Sat. class, it went soo fast. She gives a lot of x-tra credit, tests every other week, and a group presentation. Must do the hw + come to class + read all the chapters. Her test are not easy. Not an easy A. Learned a lot. Thank you, Prof. Carolyn.,4.0,3.0
Took her class in the winter. It wasn't too bad. In the beginning I thought that she had a habit of talking of random things but in the end you realize why she'll keep repeating herself. She has very high morals and ethics and will talk about it nonstop but relates it to the business world. More of a mom kind of teacher. but still a good professor.,4.0,1.0
She is a bit crazy, but easy and a good teacher. The material is really common sense so it is sort of annoying listening to the lectures. all her lectures are powerpoint presentations. Homework is review on all the chapters. towards the end of the semester she sort of piles on a few projects but they are pretty easy. i recommend her if you dont min,4.5,2.0
Went off on tangents that had nothing to do with the class, could see why people liked her but I didn't care for her teaching. Material was straight from the book, didn't really learn much from the class. Good thing I already knew the material from high school.,2.5,1.0
She is amazing, smart, fair, human, funny, clear, helpful. She has so much quality. going to her class is a pleasure. she is really on student s side and do everything she can to help you. her class is easy. she makes it very clear. she shares a lot of personnal experiences and link the class with actuality which make the class really interesting.,5.0,1.0
Like watching the Queens of Comedy live. She reminds me of Monique crossed with Judge Judy. A really funny woman who keeps things real and keeps it live. The class is pretty easy, not one where you'll come out "enlightened." Not the most informative courses I've taken but she'll make you think. Course included tons of ex cred, ez group proj, etc...,5.0,1.0
She's awesome!! Her class was the only class at SMC i've ever enjoyed going to. She makes the course fun and engaging. She's also hilarious and listens to her students/is very helpful. She wants you to do well, as you will as long as you participate.,5.0,2.0
THE BEST PROFESSOR @ SMC...... ANYONE WHO DOESNT LIKE HER IS JUST PROBABLY A SLACKER WHO DIDNT DO HIS OR HER WORK AND SADLY DIDNT THINK BEFORE THEY SPOKE IN CLASS...... SHE IS VERY REAL AND DOWN TO EARTH... SHE SPEAKS THE TRUTH..... DONT SAY ANYTHING STUPID OR SHE WILL CHALLENGE YOU... SHE TEACHERS YOU WHAT YOU NEED TO BE A SUCCESS IN TODAYS BUSINESS WORLD...... EXTRA CREDIT IS GIVEN LEFT AND RIGHT, SO IF YOU FAIL HER CLASS, YOU MUST BE ONE OF THE STUPIDEST PEOPLE, NOT ONLY IN SMC BUT IN THIS ENTIRE WORLD !,5.0,1.0
LOL LOL LOL dan this teacher is crazy but great easy A. Very unorginized,3.0,1.0
Takes time to explain information over and above what many instructors do. She's very fair and if you're not a test taker, you can do extra credit and this will help your grade. Lazy students would rate her low; however, if you want to learn and earn a good grade, she's the best for this.,5.0,4.0
Talked about things that had absolutely nothing to do with the class. Incorporated beliefs of hers into lectures and gave the impression that if you didn't agree then you just don't know what you're talking about. Didn't learn ANYTHING.,2.0,2.0
Easy to get an A. Just do your assigned stuff, earn extra credits for your overall grade, study for tests. Her class's pretty relaxing; thus, that makes it a little tedious. Highly recommended. It's worth it.,3.0,3.0
I have been in SMC for 2 consecutive years, and this has been my best professor. She is very down to earth, and wants you to succeed. She motivates you for more and her assighments are not hard to do if you work for them. Take her class, it is very recommended.,5.0,1.0
Very helpful, and understanding. Takes time to make sure you undersatnd what is going on in the class room. I would rec. her,4.5,4.0
Everything mentioned before is all true, good and bad. Overall, I am definately glad I took her class. I laughed everyday in her class, since she keeps it "real" and interesting. Obviously: show up, participate, and do the (easy) work. You have no excuse not to get an A in this class.,5.0,1.0
talkes about anything and everything but the subject gets anoying because you have to study on your own. Lots of oppertunity for extra credit. Easy A. Liks to brag about her self. But she is very fair.,3.0,1.0
great prof.helps you alot.her class has a lot of extra credit and its easy to get an A.just attend class and u should do fine.she also teaches you other important things in life..it helps coz its funny and a good break form business from time to time..,5.0,1.0
Teaches business about 60% of the time, speaks abut her life in some way or another other 40%. Always ends early and starts late. Does favor football players but will help anyone. Lots and lots of busy work, but not to hard. Offers LOTS extra credit.,4.0,2.0
GREAT LECTURER. This was an inspirational class even though I'm not a Business Major. I did good. It was worth going to class on Friday nights and Saturday mornings for eight weeks. Study the book and you'll do good. Good lecture notes will help.,4.5,4.0
Professor Roper-Conley should take a class in english grammar. Her language skills are inferior to those of her students. She favors football players and seems confused while teaching. Do not take her class! You will stare at your watch the whole time,2.5,3.0
if you want an easy A, take her class. but, if you want to learn something, don't.,1.0,1.0
she's a very interesting character but her class is very easy. Definately recommended!!!,4.5,1.0
Best teacher I've ever had. I was even sad when the semester came to a close. This class offers a lot of extra to make up your grade if you're not doing well. She is a very funny teacher. I will never forget this class.,5.0,3.0
I LIKE HER A LOT, EASY WORK, LOTS OF EXTRA CREDIT... GIVE YOU A BREAK WHEN YOU NEED ONE. KEEPS IT INTERESTING MOSTLY.,3.5,2.0
She's the best I really enjoy her she's smart, she's funny and she really knows how to connect with the students she kinda goes on and on in lectures, and gives alot of busy work, but the extra credit really makes it easy to get an A,5.0,1.0
TERRIBLE! The only way to get an A in the class and for her to take interest in you is if you are siah. Meetarsee ok!!,1.0,5.0
Lots of extra credits. Easy class to get an A,3.0,1.0
Doesn't really teach, just follows the book. Not to helpful, but assigns easy work.,2.0,2.0
Alot of easy work. She is flexable & offers alot of extra credit,4.5,3.0
Easy but alot of work,5.0,2.0
Very boring, easy class but you have to turn in ALL your book assignments.,1.5,2.0
Terry has to be the easiest comm 210 available. You must take. I highly recommend.,5.0,1.0
Drive to Paris and take this class. You'll pass with flying colors. Obviously he knows a whole lot about COMM. I mean come on, he owns radio stations... Oh, and he likes to cancel class.,5.0,1.0
One of the easiest teachers that I have ever had. he cancels class a lot.,5.0,1.0
He is soooo easy!,5.0,1.0
Helpful, great teacher, good mayor of Union City,5.0,1.0
EASY, you may have to drive to Union City to take this class but it's worth it.,5.0,1.0
This is the perfect class for someone who is after just a good grade.If you actually want to learn something,STAY AWAY!Notes allowed on tests,probably because no-one learns anything during lectures.Seems like she hates teaching.does not like questions.Highly unorganized and very unclear.Shows tons of videos.Do not take this class unless u have to.,1.5,3.0
Online class. Not very interesting or enthusiastic. Her class was a bore and she just seemed like she wanted to get out of there and or had better things to do with her time. I learned everything from the book and very little from her. She always seemed tired and rushed her lectures. Easy A but I would choose someone else if I had the choice,3.0,1.0
I would strongly advise you not to take this professor. She does not seem to enjoy teaching. Her lectures were not meaningful and very convoluted. She seems more interested in other personal projects, as oposed to teaching.,3.0,3.0
Awsomw professor!,5.0,2.0
Great professor, easy A!!! Open-notes quizes and take home exams! TAKE HER! You won't regret it! Sometimes can be a jerk, but those students deserve it. ;),4.5,1.0
very easy A, open book quizzes, some notes allowed on the partner tests, paper wasn't too bad to write. she gets a bit pissed about attendance. throws a food party at the end of the class. she is very nice to talk to outside of class, but in class, not so much. dont talk in class! she's a very awesome teacher, but you don't learn much...,3.5,1.0
I found Dr. Melucci to be rude with her feedback. I would not recommend taking one of her classes, her style of teaching is not conducive to learning.,2.0,2.0
Fun teacher. exciting, open, and willing to help. objective approach towards student ideas. Did well in assisting class in critical thinking. she has a forceful method with an easy going demeanor. Ask her questions if information isn't being addressed. she will take the time cover missing info.,4.5,2.0
I do not understand what are the people talking here, because she simply just do not teach except yelling out her stupid opinions about Dr. Phil or TV shows. If you are a psych major, please do not take her, because you will absoutely learn nothing and get an A, but you will be stuck in your second psych class. The class is nonsense and a joke.,1.0,1.0
i love her! great teacher!,5.0,2.0
issue currently going on in the world.Overall not too hard but not too easy either.Oh yeah shes also very paranoid about cheating, so dont even think about it, cause if she catches you, you are done!!!!!!!!! Make sure you sign up cause first day will be packed with people trying to add.Bring a jacket every class cause she likes the AC on every day.,1.5,4.0
She seems mean at first,but its just because shes stressed out at the beginning of the semester.She mellows out as the semester goes on.Not hard at all,you have 3 tests with one being optional or a makeup.One test is take home,3 can be done with a partner,and the last test she allows two cheat sheets.You also have one paper about a movie on a psych,3.0,3.0
she is awesome! she makes psychology interesting. anyone can get an A in this class if you read text and her notes. she gives alot of opportunities to make up a bad quiz scores (extra credits). she rarely take "non registered" people so hurry up and register her!,4.0,1.0
Her class was very fun and you will learn a lot. However, DO NOT take her if you plan to cheat or be disruptive during class.,5.0,2.0
Excellent teacher.Teaches u how to think for yourself in life so i learned a LOT from her.Lectures are also interesting and she doesn't teach through pressure and stress like other teachers...she teaches through her enthusiasm and interest.Take her class seriously and don't cheat,text/sleep cause she cracks down on it.Work hard and the A can be urs,5.0,2.0
awesome teacher... her lectures are super fun, and the other half of the time you're watching psych videos, VERY VERY TOUCHY with whispering/talking/texting while she's lecturing so don't piss her off!! and don't even try to cheat or she'll drop your ass. Other than that she's pretty awesome.,4.5,2.0
She is awsome.. tests are either take home or open book.. DO NOT CHEAT, that will piss her off!!.. Be mature go to class, classes are fun and talks very well and has a great humor.. You will get an A,5.0,2.0
she is a good tecaher but she can be crazzzyyy and out of control somtimes. all you gotta do is make sure you odnt copy and paste from the computer just read book and rewrite in your own words. take home test given and also group test. she is a good teacher if listen learn alot. either you gen and A or fail for cheating which she hatessss,4.0,2.0
shes easy to cheat in or you can study. she brings her daughter so ANNOYING. and every1 say she cute but their ANNOYING as well. l.m.a.o. pestoonash bozorgeh,5.0,1.0
if you want an easy A take psych 11,5.0,1.0
She is more than fair and very generous,-literally. Please show up on time, and be respectful! She is there to teach, so please pay attention! Students in my cl**** were so rude that she was often interupted during lectures. Very fashionable!,3.0,1.0
My class was out of control most of the time, and I wish more serious students would take her classes. The class is easy just the lack of consideration from my classmates really made her upset a lot of the time. She is very smart and knows her subjects just put your cell phone away and be quiet and you will do well.,3.5,1.0
The standard-issue kooky college professor! I loved her, her hair, and her class! Many people take her because they want to get an easy A; yet they should because she's intelligent and her lectures are interesting! <3 Melucci.,5.0,1.0
She's pretty chill and easy... tests are straight forward out of the book. You can do well by following instructons...,4.0,1.0
Loved her! Yes, the exams are open book, open notes. Take her!,5.0,1.0
Dr. Melucci!! Well basically this class is very straight forward. We had like two quizes and they were open book. She also allows u to bring like four pages of notes on the test. Easy.! I still learned a lot from her even though her class wasn't hard at all. She has good lectures. take her,4.5,1.0
best psych prof. if u need a psych 1 class....well this is ur class. very nice and understanding. four tests. 2 take home. one droped. 2 in class but notes and partners are ok.,5.0,1.0
Crazy, wacky, amazing professor. Lets you bring notes to tests. Her lectures are...everywhere, so read the book and pay attention to her videos. Overall? Amazing. Looney. Take her. Oh yeah, and she really wants chile peppers.,4.0,1.0
MZ. M IS VERY KOOL...HER TESTS R EASY AND YOU LEARN A LOT FROM HER CLASS AND YES SHE BRINGS BAGELS LOL,5.0,1.0
great teacher. fun, enthusiastic. tests and essays are relatively easy as long as you read the book and go to class. i learned alot from this class,5.0,3.0
Coolest professor I have ever had at SMC. Great class+fun class. Highly recommended for everyone.,4.0,2.0
kinda crazy... but in a hilarious way. i really enjoyed her class and she made it real interesting. she doesnt like it when people dont show up. GREAT teacher, loved her... take her class! easy tests, too!,3.5,2.0
Finally--- a teacher who doesn't car about being politically correct. She says it like it is. Do well on the tests and you'll get a good grade... but the class itself is worth going to. Interesting lectures and videos too. I took her for psych 1 and 11. She's probably the only teacher I've had who answered my emails right away.,5.0,2.0
AMAZING TEACHER!!! I am so glad I took the class...Easy A as long as you do all the requirements...Plus she is very stylish and I would love to come to class to see what she would wear!!! (true religions, da-nang, ect..lol) MELUCCI I KNOW YOU'VE ALWAYS WANTED A CHILI SO I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU ONE!!!!!!!!,3.0,1.0
Melucci is awsome she's nice and smart. The class is easy. Sometimes u may feel like ur not going 2 learn anything(since people want to talk on their cell phones!)but you will. She's very intelligent. Shes nice(DON'T take advantage of that!)Partner open notes test. 1 take home test. 1 mandatory paper! She rocks!Pizza party too!!! Love you Melucci!,4.0,1.0
If you do your work in her class you will get a good grade...she hates when people dont come to class and when they come and start talking...if you come to class and you dont talk you will be fine,4.0,1.0
Melucci is awesome. A bit wacky..but overall great teacher. Definetely gets the point across. Take good notes, read the book, and DON'T TALK IN CLASS. Take home tests...partner quizzes...one final...good stuff. Take her :-),4.0,2.0
She was an amazing teacher! She taught us the material then we watched a bunch of movies. You were allowed to take the tests and quizes with a partner and open notes. There was a small report at the end but it wasn't a big deal. She was always available for questions if you had any. Her class was very interesting. Take her class for sure! You're #1,5.0,1.0
Do all of your HW on time... easy A.,5.0,1.0
Great class. All I reccomend is that you actually go to class, she gets pissed when she has an empty classroom. Otherwise, I loved her. Lots of videos!,4.5,2.0
WOW! I loved this teacher! She is so kool, you learn a ton of information from this class, also she is very helpful and very fair!!! Take this class I guarantee you will do well and learn a great amount of information. Awesome class Melucci you rock!!!!,5.0,1.0
She is the greatest teacher of all time, i really think she should be conducted to the "teachers hall of fame" haha. No but really, she cares about her students more than herself. She wants everyone to get at least a B but i think its almost impossible in her class to not get an A. She rewards students for hard work and her tests are pretty decent!,5.0,1.0
I loved this class! Nancy kind of comes across like she's a little harsh, she is a kind of rough around the edges - BUT she is an awesome professor, very kind, and makes the class fun. She even brings food in when she plays videos. I recommend this professor!,5.0,1.0
Great teacher, real laid back, lets you take the tests with a partner, brings food for the class, knows her stuff. She's takes scientific approaches to explaining things. She is definitly not one of those crazy pysch teachers.,5.0,1.0
She's funny and flexible about lectures. She doesn't stick with the textbook. Lots of videos and one-two movies.,4.5,1.0
She's a very friendly teacher and she gives out very easy assignments/tests. The majority of the tests are take-home, including the final. Classtime consists largely of videos. I did not read a single chapter in her class and I ended up with an A. Definitely take her class if you want to fill up an IGETC credit but don't want to work hard.,5.0,1.0
yes very easy and lots of extra credits, but lectures revolve mostly around movies and stories. do the reading! other than that, shes fun! sign 'er up~,5.0,1.0
Lord knows i wish every damn teacher was like her! Laid back is the name of the game and so far i havent seen a scab of homework! damn good women if you ask me,5.0,2.0
overall a good class but term paper is hard to do,5.0,3.0
MELUCCI IS THE BEST TEACHER EVER.not only an amazing class where i assure you you will learn a lot, but it's also easy.for tests and quizes, theres open book, open notes,partners and maybe even take home.SUCH A GOOD CLASS. TAKE IT.,4.5,1.0
i dont understand a word she says,1.5,2.0
omg this teacher is a joke, shes soooooooooooooooooooo easy the first day at schhoool i was like waht the hell is up with collage but i just realized it was her not hte skoool shes sooo funny and soo joki and veryyy easy ta;les about her life a lot but rather then that shes an ok teahcers,3.0,1.0
She is the coolest teacher i have had at all my years at SMC. She's hip and makes learning fun through her movies!! The class goes by so fast that you do not know that it ended. A must take for college and future. Pizaa Party too!! A++++,4.5,1.0
I had her in the summer.. and she made going to class in the summer fun!!! she isnt a hard grader and the ppl that complain about her are the ones who are childish and talk during her lectures!!!..thanx for a great summer Melucci :),5.0,1.0
Shd is the greatest teacher. She's sooooooo easy and she gives so much extra credit. She's really nice and sweet and not to mention funny. She's a funny one. she does them big thangs.,3.5,1.0
She is easy teacher but she cannot teach. she talks about her persinal life and doesnt teach the subject at all. so pritty much people start talking in her class cuz she cant teach and people get bored. she is not organized. students dont learn anything.,3.0,1.0
extremely good teacher.... if taking psych classes, take it with her.... giving u tons of extra credits....,4.0,1.0
Very easy teacher. Open book quizzes and open note tests. Likes her work. Can be a bit grumpy at times, but it doesn't seem to affect much. Plenty of extra credit.,3.0,1.0
highly recomended.she makes class fun and she lets you improve on test scores if you got a bad grade the first time.,5.0,2.0
FUN class. Interesting Exercises, No Book Assignments!! Higly reccomended!!!!,5.0,1.0
I took Professor Elean for Math 31. it was a great experience, I totally recommend it. You have to study hard, and attend all lectures. Homework are important. most of exam questions come for the HW.,4.0,3.0
she tends to misunderstand questions and sometimes forgets to write what section she's going over, but she's a very nice teacher! her class wasn't too hard, but you do have to put effort in.,4.0,3.0
Halaka truly cares about your understanding of the material. Her lectures are meticulously organized and she teaches abstract mathematical concepts in easy to understand ways. Best of all, she is accessible and more than happy to go over difficult material beyond class hours. She is tiny, sweet, and brilliant - a true gem indeed.,5.0,4.0
I just want to give Professor Halaka a big hug! She is the sweetest woman albeit maybe not the *best* teacher. Tended to rush through problems while talking at the board. Went over homework questions and quick, easy tests. She doesn't deduct points if you get a problem wrong she tries to give points wherever she can which saved my grade! Love her,5.0,3.0
She was an easy teacher. Would definitely recommend her if you want to get a high grade.,5.0,1.0
She's the nicest! She's very clear about everything! Would totally take again,5.0,2.0
Great class if math is not your strong; she does her best to make you understand in a way that seems easier, definitely would take her again, wish she did more higher math classes. Overall reccomend just do the homework she assigns and try your best and youll be fine!,5.0,3.0
She's honestly the sweetest little lady. Expect the hw. Its not much you'll have to do from chapter sections, but it does add up throughout the week, so just do the few probs she assigns the day of what was covered. It makes understanding math easier anyway. If you do have questions speak w her after class/office hours and she'll gladly help.,4.0,2.0
Great professor really cares about her students .,5.0,3.0
She's so sweet and nice, but she doesn't explain things very well. Overall her class is easy to pass.,3.0,1.0
Prof Halaka is a very caring lady. she humble and just does her job. I'd definitely take her class again,5.0,2.0
Halaka was awesome! I took her during winter so everything was a lil fast paced with exams every week. She does have an accent, but nothing that will hinder your learning. She's very nice & willing to ask if you help. If you can, DEF take her!,5.0,4.0
Halaka is sweet and approachable, she wants all her students to pass ^.^ She has a middle eastern accent, so be ready to listen carefully. Light on HW and only checks it weekly for credit. Drops the lowest test score. Doesn't care much about attendance or participation. Do the HW and you'll pass the exams (I didn't study much but still got an A) (:,5.0,2.0
Professor Halaka is amazing! I will say she does have a pretty heavy accent and it's hard to understand sometimes, but she always goes over the work on the board and is easy to follow. She actually cares about her students and will help you with any questions you have. She gives a reasonable amount of work and her test are super easy. Def recommend,5.0,2.0
Prof Halaka is a caring and efficient Math teacher. I have not been in a math class for about 8 years, so this was like starting all over again. Prof Halaka will always go over work, answer all your questions, and her tests/quizzes are not at all difficult. Her accent is a little thick but she is always willing to repeat so have fun and get an A!,5.0,2.0
Professor Halaka is GREAT! I've failed every math class I've ever taken & I got an A in her class. The tests are very very easy, easier than the homework given out & the homework preps you for the test. Very generous and easy grader. Not confusing at all. She has an accent and speaks very softly so prepare to listen & ask her to repeat.,5.0,1.0
Really nice and looks out for students. If you don't understand she will go above and beyond just to show you where you went wrong. Has an a cent so listen closely. Gives extra credit and tests are like the homework, she will tell you she is not trying to trick you what she teaches is what she tests.,4.5,2.0
She is really nice lady very helpful, her class is easy.,4.5,1.0
Halaka is an EXCELLENT math professor! I avoided math for many years and literally detested not only the subject but the teachers who FAILED to teach it clearly, step by step. If you want: not to be confused, someone explain step by step, patient, repeats again until you "get"it- take Halaka! Halaka gives 110%! U will finally understand math!,4.5,3.0
I can't express how grateful I am she is the sweetest professor ever. Easy grader, I personally suck at math but thanks to her I passed and I can go on to my next class. If you need this math class take her!!!!!!!!! I PROMISE you wont regret it.,4.5,1.0
Easy class and easy A. She is very sweet but a little bit slow and her class is usually boring.,4.0,1.0
Amazing!,5.0,1.0
She's a really good teacher and easy to pass.,4.5,1.0
I am in her Math85 and she is very easy instructor and give few extra credit and her exams are so easy.,5.0,1.0
Great Professor! Took her for summer and i understood everything. I'm usually bad at math but she helps you understand. I recommend getting the book. She is so sweet. She will do anything possible to help you out. Don't hesitate. you won't regret taking her class. Easy. highly recommend the class with her! It's a must!,4.5,2.0
She is very nice and will remind you of your own sweet little grandmother. She does have a thick accent but it's not to the point where you can't comprehend what she's saying. She loves to explain things just in case some people don't understand it. Awesome professor!,3.5,1.0
She is amazing ! Math has become my favorite subject. She is very helpful. Must attend class in order to understand. Normally I would drop math but I love coming to her class .,5.0,1.0
Amazing professor! Sweetest lady ever! After my English class, which was previous before Math and teacher was awful, I've been enjoying this class so much! I don't have any problems with understanding MATH, but she made it much more easier. I truly love this professor, wish she tech every my class!,5.0,1.0
Very nice lady. Overall as long as you do your Hw, take notes in class you will pass. She drops your lowest test score, and allows you to take the test if you missed it. I recommend her,5.0,1.0
Class is easy, she goes over hwk and answers all your questions. she drops your lowest test score but if you don't understand teachers with accents then I don't recommend you take her because she has a thick one,4.5,2.0
This is a hard one. She is the sweetest little old lady and her class is super easy. I also thought I was in the wrong math but to be honest I never went, had someone else sign me in everyday and I got A's on every test. Her class has has 4 exams, 3 during the semester and one final.,1.0,1.0
Overall I don't see people failing in her class. She is very helpful and attentive to any student who needs the assistance. She easily breaks down everything for you to understand. If you place in the effort to learn you'll do good in the class, even despite being late all the time.,4.5,1.0
She is very nice and her class was super easy. I'm not sure if I was just placed in the wrong math level but I got all A's in every test and final. I missed class about 8 times, I would arrive late but as long as you know what you're doing, do the homework and do good on the tests you're fine! SUPER EASY and I hate math!,5.0,1.0
Prof. Halaka is the best prof you can ever imagine. She's very kind, caring & repeats each day's HW,& Tests on the board so students learn more. Although she is in her 50s, she has a lot of energy & patience for students. I TRULY Recommend Her to anyone, you'll Pass the class %99. Took her for 81 & 84 Got B & A, I wish she was teaching 31 & 20 too.,5.0,1.0
She has an accent that made it hard for me to understand at time. She is however very sweet and willing to help her students succeed. You can tell she is very passionate about math! :),3.5,2.0
She's such a sweet lady, I was never good at math but she made it really east, she will always help you when asked, do your hw and study for the test always drop your lowest score and she will review before all test,4.5,2.0
I think she is ideal for math 84, she is great at teaching you the basic concepts that you must known order to succeed on to the next math level, and does not make it complicated like other professors do. I thought she was a very sweet lady, and someone who is very approachable if you need to ask anything. Definitely a must take! Hope this helps.,4.5,1.0
She is a sweet lady! She's a very kind, patient, and helpful math teacher. She moves slowly and is thorough. If you need help, just ask her and she will be more than happy to help you. She does have a thick accent, but after the first week, you will get used to it. A great math teacher! I took her for 84 and 31!,3.5,2.0
At first, I was mortified at this class b/c I couldn't understand a word she said, but after attending class and listening carefully you see that Prof. Halaka is an extremely helpful and detailed math prof. who wants to make sure you know the material. Definitely a great choice if math is tough for you and you need a helpful prof.,3.5,3.0
This is one of the sweetest professors you'll ever have. If you fail her class then you didn't try at all. She moves slowly so you have time to take in the material & does a lot of examples to help you. Her accent is a bit thick but she makes up for it by moving slowly. If you ask her a question she will help you.,4.0,1.0
If you fail this class, you didn't try hard enough. she is the sweetest lady you will meet. I hated math, but now I'm getting an A in this class. People may be mean about her accent, and they may say she doesn't teach well, but that's not true. She's a great teacher. I highly recommend taking her class. study, pay attention & you'll do well,4.5,1.0
Her class is ok. Not hard to get an A and she rarely checks homework. Ideal for Math 84,4.0,1.0
Ok here's the deal: I took Halaka for Math 84 and have her now for 31. She is really good for 84 but for 31, I would find someone else. She just cannot 31, it is not only 5 units, but VERY hard if you get her for it. I would take someone else such as Green for 31.,2.0,4.0
halaka oh yea :) i would say the best professor in SMC! have a accent but u will use to it tho! easy class and alittle H,W! Always willing to help !! don't doubt abt her just take ittttttttttttttttttttt :_),3.5,1.0
Very nice woman, and you can certainly count on her explaining everything until everyone gets it. If math isn't your best subject, I'd recommend her. She doesn't check homework, but do it if you want to understand the material better.,5.0,1.0
Out of all my Math 31 teachers i've had (Green & Bronie) she is the best. Yes she does have an accent, but her tests are easy and she is a very easy grader too. Doesn't check HW much..just show a piece of paper with numbers and you get credit. She makes math simple by breaking down the problems and going step by step. Highly Recommended Professor!,4.0,1.0
Halka is a good math teacher. heavy accent but will get used to it. she relies completely on the book for examples and easy test questions. drops lowest test score, (4 tests). if you want an easy a take her class,4.5,1.0
Yes she has an accent and the 1st few weeks will take some getting used to it, but she is really good. She goes over the material well and will make sure that the material she covers is on her exams, I would recommend her if she is available for Math 84 or 31.,4.0,2.0
she is a good teacher. what i like about heris that she explain every singe step o you and if you get it it will be boring but thier are times when you just dont and she will help.. yes she has an accent but trust you will get used to it.,3.0,1.0
UGH, what a nightmare that class is. Cannot stand to be stuck in there. But extremely easy, doesnt check the homework, i showed her my notes when she did "check" it. Extremely heavy accent, very confusing when teaching,offers extra credit to do questions on the board. Very SQUARE teacher. but easy,2.0,1.0
HORRIBLE TEACHER. I agree with the person below. She is a nice teacher, but she does NOT explain how to do any of the problems. She jumps ahead and thinks everyone knows how she got the answer. I will NEVER take her again. If you do the text book will be your best friend.,1.0,4.0
i must say, she's the sweetest lady.. she's not good at teaching.. PERIOD. take green. you wont learn much. i dont care what other's say, in my opinion, if u are not that good at math this isn't the class for u. i spent most of the time teaching myself solely from the txtbk. although she's nice, i wont recommend her. take GREEN.,1.0,3.0
EXTREMELY THICK ACCENT! but her pronunciations of words will def. make you laugh. She's extremely nice but isn't the best teacher for math. Her system of checking homework is weird, her tests are semi hard but if you study the book as well as her notes you should do okay! I'd take her again,3.0,2.0
HALAKA IS AN AWESOME PROFESSOR! HEAVY ACCENT BUT GET USED TO IT AND YOU WILL BE SUCCESSFUL IN THE CLASS. SHE IS ALWAYS IN THE MATH LAB FOR EXTRA TUTORING. SHE HELPED ME EVERY WEEK AT THE LAB ONE ON ONE. REALLY CARES ABOUT STUDENTS AND IS GREAT AT TEACHING MATH! TAKE HER CLASS YOU WON'T REGRET IT! I WAS SAD WHEN HER CLASS WAS OVER,5.0,1.0
Accent takes getting used to-very thick. 4 exams + final, drops lowest one (not inculding final) very nice lady. doesn't give a lot of hw (barely checks hw). gives partial credit on exams and is VERY VERY lenient with giving it. exams are btwn. 13-15 questions. good professor.,5.0,1.0
WOW, Ms. Halaka is a good math teacher. every time after she tells the class something (good or bad) she will stand there, and smile at the class. I just want to go up there and give her a big hug sometimes. She is a very nice women that provides all opportunity for her students to learn the materiel and pass the class.,4.0,1.0
She is a total sweetheart and a bit of a pushover. Her syllabus tells you, from the beginning, how to pass. I'll be honest, I did homework for my other classes there, and still got a B at the end of the semester (but I am good at teaching myself from books). 4 tests, lowest dropped, 1 cumulative exam. Take with a friend if you do the 3 hr classes.,2.5,3.0
She is very easy! Her tests are extremely easy! She is very happy and nice teacher, but she has very heavy accent. But she is very nice, when you look at her she will smile at you and she will help you understand.,4.0,1.0
she was an ok teacher. It takes awhile to understand her accent. She only gives 4 test and the final and she drops the lowest test score. Make sure yo do the lab hours. Just attend class and do the hw and you should be good.,3.0,3.0
Professor Halaka encourages you to attend class. She goes over each section and looks at all the different problems and explains it so you can go home and do the homework. There were four tests and the final. She dropped the lowest test grade. The final is a common final so be sure to do all the homework and attend class and you should do well.,5.0,3.0
Nice woman,sucky teacher! Does not give enough examples, goes from one section to the next, NO review for tests, she is unmotivating. Your only hope is to do the work yourself using her only as a reference. Test are directionless, just says "multiply" won't say using what formula like the HW will ask. Take someone else if you want to "learn" math.,1.5,4.0
WARNING!THIS IS THE WORST PROFESSOR I HAVE EVER MET IN MY LIFE. SHE'S UNHELPFUL, UNMOTIVATING, AND DOESN'T EXPLAIN MATERIAL WELL AT ALL. BE CAREFUL,HER TESTS ARE NOT THAT EASY SPECIALLY THE COMMON FINAL THAT CAN DRAG DOWN YOUR GRADE BIG TIME!SHE DOESN'T PREPARE YOU FOR IT, AS YOU HAVE TO TEACH MATH BY YOURSELF. A TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE. DONT RECOMMEND,2.0,3.0
She isn't a good prof. just puts a problem on the board and moves along. But sure is an easy class. do your hw, study before test and you'll be fine.tests are easy,gives part credit even if you got answer wrong. if your looking for an easy class, and an easy A or B, then she's for you. but if you want prof that will teach you math, take diff prof.,2.0,2.0
Very good professor, Helpful and will do problems until you understand them. Test are easy and she gives points if you should your work even if the answer if wrong. I highly recommend taking professor Halaka for math 81.,5.0,2.0
Halaka is Odd, no doubt. She has a thick accent and poor english skills. But the good outweighs the bad.She's VERY nice with everything.Grading, attendance, & repeating the problem until you understand. In this class, do the homework and you will be fine.Take her if you don't mind the accent.,3.0,1.0
she is a great teacher... she really helps you learn!!! i hate math, but she makes it easy. she really knows how to teach her students so that they will learn. she may not seem like she's on point about your work and attendance, but she is. i really love her class and plan to take her again as much as i can!! i highly reccomend her,5.0,1.0
okay, i had her for 3 diff. math classes and i got A's in all of them! her accent takes a little getting use to but she is the BEST math teacher @ smc! She takes all questions and is avaliable after class. no questions are dumb to her. easy tests & gives part credit. drops the lowest score! never gives alot of homework! a real sweet heart too :-)!,5.0,1.0
you get used to the accent, its tough at first but gets better. she interrups when you try to ask a question. her tests are easy, but you dont learn crap. if you are taking her class to climb the mathmatical ladder, is a BAD idea. she doesn't explain material well at all. you'll pass, but you will NOT do well in the next class bc you won't learn.,2.0,3.0
I love this professor! easy A,5.0,1.0
Warning: This teacher's egyptian accent is impossible to understand. In addition to it being very difficult to understand her thick accent and broken English, she is unhelpful and a poor teacher. I did well in her class and I am not leaving negative feedback because i recieved a poor grade. The only reason I did well was because I had a tutor,1.0,3.0
she is the best teacher ever, she has an accent but u still understand what she says, her test are easy and she always gives out easy homeworks,3.0,1.0
Very nice teacher, easy tests, drop one from 3 tests. easy final, easy lecture, easy easy easssyyyy. though she may has language difficulties, but if you listen and do the homework,it will be easy. she doesnt cut your mark much if you did wrong. She even gives points for mathematical calculations.Take HER CLASS...!!!!! RECOMMENDED!!!!!!,4.0,1.0
yes, she does have an accent but she goes through every problem you'll have on the test. She's also an easy grader, meaning if you only do part of the problem right she'll give you points. Plus she drops your lowest test score. easy A.,3.0,1.0
This is a terrible teacher. She simply does a problem out of the book on the board, asks if that's the right answer and moves along. Little explanation in incomprehensible english. When you have a question she simply asks another student to do the problem on the board. Without the answers in the book she couldnt do the problems.,1.0,5.0
Oh my god!!! Halaka is the easiest teacher ever! Trust me! I hate math and I have always been bad at it, but passed Halakas Math class. She is really nice and the best!,4.5,1.0
BEST MATH TEACHER EVER!! She is VERY nice and understanding. Her tests are very easy and she will give you partial credit for trying. I have taken her 3 times and I've loved her class. If you suck at math you can pass with her. Take her !!!,5.0,1.0
She is GREAT! The best math teacher. I'm not denying the fact that she has an accent, but it is not hard to understand at all. Just pay attention and you will get math. Trust me! Her class is very easy though, she doesn't chck your homework, and if you study the tests are pretty easy! other than that she is very helpful and an awesome techer.,3.5,1.0
she was great and very sweet.,5.0,1.0
This is seriously a bad teacher, her english is terrible which makes it harder for you to get the material and when you ask her to repeat her self or explain something again she just smiles at you and explains worst then the first time...she tries to be nice to make up for not understanding, just a really bad teacher, she needs to be FIRED!!!!!!!!,1.0,3.0
Excellent instructor. I took her for Arithmetic, Pre-Algebra, and Algebra I. I was failing math before - but when I got into her class I started understanding not only how to do something - but why I am doing it. She is a great instructor - highly recommended if you are having trouble in math, she will explain until you understand something. Good!!,5.0,1.0
She is a very nice teacher. Her accentmakes her hard to understand sometimes. Will answer all questions. If you show up and do the homework you will pass. Her tests are based on homework assignments and are not tricky. She teaches the basics of what you need to know unlike most teachers who expect their students to be math wizes,3.5,2.0
GREAT TEACHER!!! TAKE HER WHENEVER YOU CAN!!!!!,5.0,1.0
Great teacher super nice, super cool. Always on your side and willing to help. Does not mark you off for small mistakes. Very fair tests with good amounts of time.,5.0,2.0
AMAZING TEAcher. AMAZING. AMAZING. love her. so easy. so nice.,4.0,1.0
She is the nicest teacher and really cares about people passing, I had her for math 84 and now im in her class for math 31 and i just signed up for her math 20 class she's a very fair grader and wants you to do well,4.5,1.0
This is the nicest teacher in the world. So sweet, and you will understand the material after she teaches it--even though her accent is thick.,4.5,2.0
OMG! this tescher is so good! you will learn so much... this teacher really knows how to explain math!!! although she has a thick accent, you will be able to understand her! & she's so nice! GREAT teacher!!!,5.0,1.0
Very easy, yet a little too easy. If you want somebody harder...get Ms. Brownie. Anywho, nice teacher. easy tests and easy final. Like the way she teaches. Yes, her accent is rough.But, you will get use to it over time. She explaings everything clear and takes her time to explain it. Over all, nice.,5.0,1.0
She is a very easy teacher and nice. Her accent is a bit hart to understand, but once yu get used to it it's an easy A class. She explains well and grades yur exams well. She's an adorable woman : ),4.0,1.0
She's a cool teacher. her accent a little hard to undertand but overall she's very nice and helpful. She even explains the most simples details if you ask her to. She takes time to explain each problem which is good for a math class.,3.5,1.0
Takes the time to explain anything you didn't understand.,4.0,1.0
shes so easy! easy grader! curves! and genuinely nice person...answers questions when asked...homework everyday but easy, tests are easy!,4.0,1.0
She is ultra cool for school. She let me do some exams that i missed even though i wasnt really allowed to. woohoo. this class is easy,4.5,1.0
Although her English is broken, overall I recommend her to anyone who is not a math master, and she is very helpful if you participate, and do your homework, and you actually get extra credit, she's here to help, just ask...,4.0,2.0
Very nice professor but extremely hard to understand. Tests are easy, really good about grading. Just read the material before class so that you have some idea of what she is saying.,2.0,1.0
She is very easy. Her tests are not scantron, you show your work and get credit for a problem even if the answer is wrong. Very nice, you will get an A.,4.5,1.0
this is a very easy teacher, she is willing to help you when u have questions. She is a bit hard to understand, but you'll get used to her.,4.0,1.0
accent kind of hard to understand,3.5,3.0
Easy class, lenient on tardiness & absences, Kind of dumb but very nice teacher.,2.5,2.0
I loved taking this class through the math lab. All the tutors were very nice and knowledgeable. They all helped me so much. If you had problems with them through tutoring or testing you must have been doing something wrong. If I had to take another math class, I would do it through the math lab!!,5.0,3.0
the classes is not supposed to be online. however, everything is online. also, you have a student teacher. you have to take the tests in the math lab where people do not know how to grade. answers I knew were correct the people counted wrong! do not take her!!,1.5,4.0
I had her on Monday nights for 3 hours. I was bored to death and didn't understand a thing. She was rude and would never e-mail me back. I e-mailed her multiple times and she never got back to me. Math isn't my strong point, and she definitely didn't help me understand it.,1.0,5.0
Dr. Lackey is an excellent teacher, and knows her material to a T that is probably a variable in some complicated equation. She is a good person, and easily one of the best math teachers that UTM has to offer, but her tests are very, very difficult. She is a very nice and understanding person, but I would only recommend her to math majors.,4.5,5.0
Dr. Lackey is a very nice woman, but I had a terrible experience in her class. She had assigned an SI who was terrible. I learned NOTHING and ultimately had to drop the class due to the fact that I couldn't get my grades back up. I'm doing fine now. Lackey may be a good professor, but if you are assigned an SI, RUN!,3.0,5.0
Best math professor in the world! Calculus is really difficult (especially the second part), but you couldn't find a more caring or helpful professor anywhere. And one that can teach brilliantly. If you want an easy A, you aren't going to get it, but she is hands down the best professor for calculus. Period.,5.0,4.0
Math 252 is the hardest math class UTM has to offer. Lackey is extremely good at her job. Also she is always willing to meet up with you and personally help you with the material. It is a hard class, but she will help you through it. She isn't a pushover, she wants you to learn the material.,5.0,5.0
Ummm...If you are interested in learning, take HER....but if you are expecting to get a better grade out of her class I wouldnt take her...her test are too long....and assigns online and take home hw....TERRIBLE...I made my first C in math ever...I hate math now.,3.0,5.0
Professor Lackey is not easy, but she is great at teaching Calc. She doesn't give out extra credit assignment, but there are other ways to earn them. I highly recommend her.,4.5,4.0
I had her for 251 and she wasn't that bad but I had already had cal 1 in high school. In 252 she gave us problems online and in book daily. Her test had things that were not suppose to be on there. There are tricks on her test that she doesn't tell you about. Assigns a paper for 252 and 251 in which she gave us the weekend before the final on mon,2.0,5.0
she is awesome!,4.5,3.0
Shes great you need help just ask and you'll get help. I love her classes and will take ever math class i have to have under her until I graduate from Martin. Highly recommend!!!!,5.0,4.0
I took her Statistics class at night. I absolutely hate math but if you do the online homework and come to class that really boots your grade. It's a self-paced class since it's at night so all our tests were given in the Math Lab. You have two weeks to take the test and if you take it early she gives you bonus points.,2.0,4.0
Professor Lackey is absolutely amazing. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. Her class is not easy (hey it's Calculus), but it is definitely easier than most. Also, her tests may take longer to do than the amount of time given for class, but she explains everything and is extremely helpful. I strongly recommend taking her.,5.0,2.0
Her tests are extremely hard and always have 'tricks' for identities. She gives 70 minute tests for a 50 min class. She curves the tests, but its still ridiculous. There is NO extra credit, online homework as well as book/class work is expected almost daily. She is very nice & willing to help, calculus just isnt easy. Shes probably the easiest prof,4.0,5.0
DO NOT TAKE IN SUMMER... DO NOT TAKE IN SUMMER. EXTREMELY HARD. ONLY HAVE TESTS. NO HOMEWORK GRADES TO HELP. DO NOT TAKE HER.,1.0,5.0
This is the hardest class I have taken. I took calc. in high school and still struggled with this class. Mrs. Lackey is very helpful if you will go to her. She will work with you. She gives examples, but her tests are very difficult. There are surprises on her tests that you don't expect. She does give extra credit for each test.,3.5,5.0
I don't care what anyone says, she is hard!! her test are tricky. i would definitely not take her again. this was my second time in 251 and i studied more this time and still did worse.,4.0,5.0
THIS is the hardest math class I've ever taken. Her tests are beyond hard, I studied an hour after class each day we had class and stilll made f's. she is helpful but if you're not a good test taker then good luck,2.5,5.0
Brenda Lackey was the teacher listed for the class but when I got into it a student teacher (Ty Elders) taught it. TY ELDERS IS FRIGGIN AWESOME, he explains calculus in 1 hour a week (Wed. nights) better than any other teacher could in a week. If you want an A+++ take calculus from Ty Elders!!!!!! I never even met Mrs. Lackey, Ty is AWESOME!!!!!!,5.0,1.0
Mrs. Lackey is the best teacher at UTM. 252 is an extremely difficult class but she makes it easier. She gives you many tools that will help you on the homework and the tests. If you do the homework, study, and talk to her when you have questions, then you will not fail. Extra credit is built into all fo the tests! :),5.0,2.0
Great teacher. Will work with you until you understand it out of class. Loves to help her kids and has a good sense of humor. Isn't the easiest in the world but usually if you take her you need to know the material anyway. Won't give you any shortcuts. You do have to earn your grade in there but she will assist you as much as needed.,5.0,2.0
math suddenly made sense in her class. thats all i have to say!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
Can't teach. Had her for a week in 140 and then dropped her. Also had her for a day in 080 as a sub. She makes the most simple problems and turns them into the most difficult to understand problems. I studied my arse off and barely made a passing grade. DO NOT TAKE for anything. LIke most teachers at UTM, they don't know how to teach.,1.0,5.0
WONDERFUL!!!! The BEST teacher that I have ever had...by far the best teacher at UTM! She is difficult, but is always willing to help! The only time she is missing from class is when shes very sick.... If you have her now, hang in there and go to her for help!,5.0,1.0
I am not currently in Math, but I have had Mrs. Lackey for MANY classes...She is one of the best teachers that I have come across! Shes EXTREMELY helpful and is always around druing office hours...all you have to do is ask! Wonderful teacher...wonderful person!!,5.0,4.0
She makes it a whole lot easier to understand. She is their to help if you need her. The class is at your own pace. If you can take a class like this you will do well in her class. You will also finish the class before the semester ends. She is in the Math lab all the time helping anyone who asks for it.,5.0,2.0
Not very helpful. One student asked if there was anything he could do to pass, she told him that he had his grade. NO curves, no extra credit. Multiple choice only on final.,2.5,4.0
She does not explain things more than one time. Her test are twenty times hard than the quizes.,2.5,4.0
She is very clear in her notes. She explains everything very thoroughly. As long as you take notes and do homework, the tests will be a breeze!,5.0,2.0
great and very helpful,5.0,2.0
Ok Best teacher I have ever had. She did miss 6 weeks but that only because she was deathly ill. She still tried to make up for it. If you need help go to her. She will try and help the best she can until you understand. Highly Reccomended,5.0,2.0
Not very consistent. Will start strong then miss lots of days. She's nice but not having her there to teach and give you feedback is very taxing. By final, I still hadn't gotten back 2 (of 4) of the tests I had taken in the class.,2.5,3.0
I had her for math 191 and that class was awesome. However she did a 360 this semester and was out for 6 weeks and then taught us the wrong way to do a whole section. Needless to say I failed her class.,1.0,4.0
Best teacher in the department! If you show up to class...you WILL get an A. I highly recommend Ms. Lackey,5.0,2.0
She is the best teacher on campus. I loved her class and she helped me throughout the entire semester. She is without a doubt one of the sweetest ladies I have ever gotten to know. She is the best.,5.0,3.0
She isn't hard but you have to know you're stuff. Her tests aren't that easy. She wasn't there half of my semester. I had Rushing Don't take her.,4.0,2.0
She was an awesome teacher! She explain everything so great. Take her!! It does take a while for her to get homework and tests back but other than that she's the best math teacher I've had so far! Very helpful and understanding...,5.0,2.0
No Comments,2.0,4.0
Best Math teacher I've had on the campus. Very good at teaching material to students. Very cool lady & recommended.,5.0,4.0
She will help you even if you are not in her class. She can even teach you a whole section if necessary,5.0,3.0
Mrs. lackey is the best teacher on campus. She goes way beyond the requirement for a teacher and really wants her students to understand the work.,5.0,1.0
The best algebra class ever,5.0,2.0
What a loon!! She fell apart in the middle of the semester. Never returned homework--never gave any feedback. I learned more reading the math book.,1.5,3.0
I didn't like that she never went over quizzes or posted answers to practice tests. You literally got no feed back as to if you were working problems correctly! The last two tests were handed back at the final! This makes it nearly impossible to learn.,2.5,4.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
Great teacher and very caring. But don't fall into the freshman trap I did and end up making a grade lower than you should have because you thought she was a pushover. Do your homework! It counts against you in the end if you don't -- even if you ace t,5.0,2.0
She's one of my favorite teachers at UTM, she'll help you till you understand it,5.0,3.0
GREAT TEACHER!! VERY HELPFUL!!!,5.0,3.0
She was awesome. Very entertaining, helpful. I suck in math & I made a C!,5.0,3.0
Very nice. Will help you anyway she can, but don't think she won't fail you!,4.0,5.0
He was very engaging to listen to, but if you are not a big Geoscience nerd I would not recommend. I would study his study guide for hours, and he would put things on the test that were either very random or just not covered at all. He does have a nice sense of humor though, and is very nice and respectful.,3.0,4.0
Gibson is fine as a professor but I signed up for an in person class where he did not show for up 4+ class meetings. You will be expected to keep up with the lecture material online but it is very hard to understand his PowerPoints without his instruction. If you can handle studying without instruction youll be fine, but the material is difficult.,2.0,4.0
He manages to cram a lot of material into one lecture, but if you have interest in geology then you'll be ok. Physical Geology is the typical rocks and such, but the minerals used are interesting enough. Environmental Geology talks about individual events. He has several tests, but he has guided notes as well that match the tests.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Gibson is a great teacher. No textbook needed, but you have to print the skeleton notes off before every class. Good at keeping your attention. He's easily accessible and ready to help if you don't understand something. He words his tests and quizzes tricky so you need to know the material. it's hard to earn an A but you actually learn a lot.,4.0,4.0
Dr. Gibson is a GIFT,5.0,3.0
He knows what he's doing, his tests are tricky, extra credits on each test, quizes can be extra credits, lose 1% of overall grade for each 3 absences, he will let you out earlier most of times, u have to print out the lectures and write in class (they are on BlackBoard), you have to study to pass this class.,2.0,4.0
Gibson is tough. And he'll push you. If he isn't, he'll find a way. But he's not sinister. He loves geology, but he also loves to see students achieve something. So while he could do standard teaching styles, he'll throw a wrench in to make you discover something, whether about academics or yourself. If you want to see your true strength, take him.,5.0,4.0
Gibson really made a difficult class very understandable. He likes to crack jokes during lectures. There's outlines for the notes so you don't have to write everything he says. Lab was really fun if you actually study to understand the material. Please believe him when he says that the first 3 weeks of lab suck and you just have to get through it.,5.0,4.0
Makes lab super hard. Very very unorganized. Does things on the fly. Not helpful at all. Mandatory field trip was awful. Took the Honors section, but totally hated everything about his labs. Don't recommend.,2.0,5.0
He takes attendance for each class until around the last three weeks of the class so it does matter to show up as far as your grade. Get the textbook, you will need it. He did not put any grades online and you must correct your test by looking at the key in the hallway if you want to study in order to take the optional final later.,3.0,4.0
You have to take Gibson for about five weeks before the fog clears and you can understand him. He's a great guy, and you can work through his class just fine once you get used to it. He's a tough grader, but knows what he's talking about, and has a really funny sense of humor. He gives plenty of assignments so you have chances to get a good grade.,2.5,4.0
Great guy. He knows his stuff. However, the exams were difficult. He seemed to put material on the exams that were hardly covered in class. The study guides he gives seem irrelevant as well. He definitely throws you a curve ball on the exams. I had an A in GEO110, but I'd be lucky to receive a C in this course.,3.0,4.0
Although grounded he is old as dirt. The class started out a bit rocky and do not use your cellphone in class because he will give you a stone-cold glare. At his core he is very down to earth. I preserved and climb the mountain and got an A. On moh's scale of hardness he was a 7. He will always answer your inqueres. P.S. Waves,5.0,2.0
I took the online class. He lied about details concerning tests, or did not pay attention to what he was saying in emails, took 3 wks to get graded assignments back so it was hard to ask questions and he didnt answer. He may be great in person but the online course is rough when you can barely hear the lecture and the tests are off topic,1.0,3.0
Take Him! as long as you do the work he asks and go to class he will help you out. He cares about his students,5.0,3.0
This was a co-taught class with Professor Rogers. I must say that I was disappointed with the lectures from Dr. Gibson. His lectures seemed to be stories glorifying himself and he continually bragged on his accomplishments. This is a class as a means to graduate. Telling people that this is their "life" is farfetched to say the least.,3.0,4.0
-,1.5,5.0
He really loves what he does! When a teacher is so excited about what he is teaching, it will def rub off on you! He wants you to learn and if you just listen, you WILL learn! I studied (but not alot) and got an A!,5.0,3.0
Perhaps the smartest man I have ever encounter.,4.0,3.0
This class is terrible and has a work load equal to that of a 6 hour class but you get credit for 2 hours. If you are a Geology or Geography major you have to take it. My advise talk so someone that has taken it before and do the paper and work before you take it. I will be in there for the third so just talk to me.,2.0,5.0
Im so disappointed in him! i heard he was a good teacher but i disagree! he was not helpful, the notes aren't whats on the test and i hate this class!,2.0,5.0
Ignore all previous comments. Run. Run. Run.,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
VERY VERY helpful. he was willing to help you make good grades. gives out notes to copy. test are on notes(easy) and he knows the subject, very well and can bring it to your level so you can understand it. Favorite teacher.,5.0,2.0
very good teacher. extremely nice and helpful.,5.0,2.0
Took him for Dual Credit in HS. The classes served as a great intro to college teaching style. Geo material isn't easy to comprehend, but Gibson makes it fairly easy to understand and visualize. Some of us took the fieldtrip info and presented it to the TN Academy of Science and received high results. Great prof to work with in and out of class.,5.0,2.0
I may have gotten two D's (D=Diploma), but I learned more from this man than most other teachers I've ever had. He makes it interesting because he loves it. Take this teacher.,5.0,1.0
I took the class to get out of another one, and wasn't really interested in Geology going in. By the time the class was over I was a Gibson (and Geology) fan! He's a WONDERFUL teacher, makes the learning fun, will help you out but makes you do your own thinking. Pay attention in class and take notes and you'll do fine. I'd recommend him to anyone!,4.5,3.0
Brilliant, he makes Geo. interesting! He knows his stuff and will be glad to help if you show interest and just ask. Drops your lowest exam grade, but not a quiz. It's odd, but you'll be VERY greatful. GO TO CLASS, if you miss, you'll regret it. You don't need to buy the book. Just take some serious notes and PAY ATTENTION and ask questions.,4.5,4.0
Very energetic to keep you awake in an otherwise boring class. Multiple choice tests.,4.5,2.0
He is a very nice teacher. He is very helpful and is willing to help you if you need it. He loves his subject which makes you love it as well.,5.0,2.0
Great teacher, learned so much from him.,5.0,1.0
He is very energetic in class so you will find it easy to stay awake. He makes the History of Geology an interesting course. DO THE STUDY GUIDE. Take good notes...Ask for help when ever it is needed...You will do good..,4.5,3.0
This was obviously a tough semester for him, as he was teaching so many classes, which took away from the class a bit. I hate science, period. So, just the fact that he makes it survivable gives him kudo points in my book. Take him for Geology.,3.5,3.0
He's great!! He knows what hes doing and loves his students.,5.0,3.0
Not great, not bad, ok. Some of the material is hard to understand if you don't have some knowledge of geology already.,4.0,3.0
He is a FABULOUS teacher!!!!!!!!,5.0,3.0
I think he knows his material but doesn't know how to explain the material to students that are not geology majors. He is not very friendly at the end of the semester and he doesn't ever cancel class, even the day before thanksgiving break.,2.5,4.0
He is an amazing teacher. He loves what he does and it comes across in his lecture. Always offers extra credit.,5.0,3.0
Wow, I didn't think I'd like this class but he made it SO interesting! Take him,5.0,4.0
Although her lectures are kind of scattered, if you take organized notes and actually look over them you should be fine in this class. I failed the first quiz because I didn't look at my notes, for the rest of the semester I made no lower than B on any quizzes or projects when I reviewed the subject matter. She also made theater somewhat engaging.,4.0,2.0
Is tough when it comes to grades, and gets off topic a lot. Gives out quizzes after 2 sections that you take notes over, but doesn't really put much from the notes. She doesn't answer emails, so it's best if you go to her in person to ask questions. I would only suggest to take her for this class if you are really really passionate about theater.,1.0,4.0
One of the worst professors Ive ever had at UTM. Shes incredibly moody and rude to her students. Dont bother asking questions in class because half the time you wont get a clear answer.,1.0,1.0
She was very rude throughout the year. She said many inappropriate things during class. She makes the class a lot more difficult that necessary.,1.0,1.0
Shes very rude and isnt clear with instruction.,1.0,1.0
I took theater for a GPA booster and at best I will probably get a low B. She lectures daily and her tests are difficult. You also have to see a play that depends on 200 points of your grade.,2.0,4.0
The BEST acting teacher that there is! However, do not take this class just to take it. She treats you as if you want to become an actor/actress. Be prepared to perform in front of people daily and without notice. Always do your work, and be willing to get better. That's all she asks of you. And ALWAYS go to class!,5.0,3.0
Awesome and gives great feedback. Doesnt give herself enough credit. Acting 220 was fun and she graded us based on if we listened and tried her suggestions and put in effort. Just show up and try and youll get an A or high B,5.0,5.0
I cant tell you how much I loved this class. Half of the semester is costuming, half is makeup. For makeup, we learn cuts and bruises, old age, etc., and she lets us have a lot of creative license. Shell give you notes and youre graded on how you listen and respond to the notes and how it shows in your work. Plus you get to keep your makeup kit.,5.0,5.0
No textbook required, woohoo! Get ready to write, and make sure you put your phone up, but I loved the class. Participation is really important though, so take this class when you know youll get up and actually go. We have to go watch a play, but sometimes we have movie/play days where you can bring food and watch the shows on the projector.,4.0,4.0
She was difficult would not recommend unless you love theatre!,4.0,4.0
While the class wasn't too difficult, I found her to be just rude. I didn't like her or her attitude. If you want to make a good grade, go to class because the powerpoints aren't online and she has a certain amount of absences. You also have to go to a play.,3.0,3.0
Hollis wasnt the best teacher I have had but not the worse. She was okay. This class you have to actually put a little effort into. If you're looking for an easy A I wouldnt suggest her. Attendance is mandatory. Also just talks the whole time and occasionally uses a powerpoint so you never really know what to write down nor what will be on the test,3.0,4.0
Very rude and not helpful. Purposefully blows off questions and does not ever give full answers. Disorganized and does not go by the syllabus. Not a class to take if you want an easy A or if you aren't genuinely interested in theatre and fine arts.,2.0,4.0
Highly do not recommend this class. She makes a syllabus but by the third week, we were way off schedule, and no revised syllabus was provided. She is so incredibly rude and hateful. Makes you feel like an idiot for asking questions. This is a freshman level class, but will NOT boost your GPA. Don't take unless you're already familiar with theatre.,1.0,3.0
She could have a smart mouth sometimes but overall I enjoyed the class. Her tests were open book but make sure you take good notes as well!,4.0,2.0
Moody and Hateful! She really felt like degrading her students this semester. If you asked for help, she would look at you like you were an idiot and make some sarcastic remark without even answering your question. I loved the material and am breezing through the class with minimal effort, but I wish she cared more! Never had a professor this rude!,2.5,2.0
You can take her class and really enjoy being there because she's just a fun person. That being said, the quizzes are tough unless you know the material like the back of your hand and have a working knowledge of it. Not an easy A teacher. She does appreciate students coming to see her though--so take advantage of office hours.,3.0,4.0
The class I had with her was half online and half in classroom, we met together as a class every two weeks. I really enjoyed Mrs. Hollis's class. You have to do your work, don't expect a free ride. She will call you out on sleeping or texting in class but tells you up front not to do either one.,5.0,2.0
She gets really moody. Shedoesn like to give extra credit at all so dont ask. THIS CLASS WAS NOT A GPA BOOSTER LIKE IT SHOULD BE! Dont take it unless you really like theatre,1.0,4.0
I liked having this teacher for theatre class it was fairly easy as long as you attended class and stayed awake. She is very outspoken and will call on you in a heartbeat if you are texting or sleeping in her class.,4.0,2.0
The quality of her lectures depends on her mood. You can tell when she's not really into it. There were a few times when she was a little crass with students, some of which deserved it, others not so much. Write down any random or obscure talking points she makes because she likes to include oddball lecture stuff on the test. Easy course.,3.0,1.0
Mrs. Hollis is a great teacher and keeps you entertained! There are daily assignments, but they are easy. Class is not hard as long as you study for tests and pay attention.,4.5,2.0
She is a very nice teacher and easy to get along with. But, the class was hard. I studied hard for tests, and still made C's. I thought that it was going to be a gpa booster, but instead it was a gpa reducer. Don't take it unless you have a love for theatre and really want to learn it,3.5,4.0
She is nice but the class is hard. She gives daily assignments/ homework that are 5 points each and a 50 point paper that is over the play you must go see. Her tests are extremely difficult and I had to work for a B. Theatre should be a GPA booster. I would recommend taking art history,3.0,3.0
Thoroughly enjoyed her class. Take her for anything.,4.0,2.0
She is a great professor!,4.5,2.0
Love her! She is bubbly, enthusiastic, and entertaining! Great teacher for theater 110. If you can, take her. Her tests can be a little tricky but just study and pay attention like any other class and you'll be fine!,5.0,1.0
She knows her stuff. She is a good teacher and keeps your attention in class. I had no interest in the art form until she showed me how interesting it could be. Her test can be tricky, but as long as you take notes,and read her power points you will do fine. You will have to put in effort to make a good grade in this class. The paper is easy.,3.5,2.0
Dr.Hollis was fun to be around she made the classroom environment very inviting and playful. She is very knowledgable about the course and the home work is easy. If you enjoy Theatre you will love this class!!,5.0,1.0
Easy class. Easy teacher. Attendance is mandatory and strict.. which is kinda ridiculous b/c you can miss a lot of class and still pass the quizzes easily. Roll also takes quite a bit of time out of class. You watch power points and plays. She is entertaining so you won't fall asleep. Cook is a better professor though, so take him instead.,3.5,1.0
Great class and super easy. Miss Melanie made it easy and fun! Also doesn't require a textbook which is a big money savor.,5.0,1.0
She was great, and the class is fun. She has an attendance policy, so dont miss more than the allowed 4 times. Study the powerpoints and do the mini assignments, and you should have an A.,5.0,1.0
she is very enthusiastic and passionate about theater. she will make you interested. the class is easy, just pay attention to the little things in her powerpoints. shes cool and has a lot of energy.,5.0,2.0
Very nice instructor! Fun to argue with, especially about whether or not pro-wrestling is a form of theatre. Easy on the eyes...definitely recommend!,4.5,3.0
Prof Hollis is a great teacher! She's exciting, witty, and funny. The tests are a little hard, but if you pay attention and take good notes you should do fine. The book isn't really necessary but does help some. Take her!,5.0,2.0
She's never prepared & there are always technical problems. She frequently starts taking attendance 2-3 minutes before class is supposed to start - which is NOT GOOD if you're @ the beginning of the list. No matter where you sit in class, someone is always talking louder than she is, & you can't hear anything she is saying, but she doesn't care.,1.0,5.0
AWESOME! Hollis is a great teacher and really wants her students to suceed and do well. I had her for Thea 110 and she was easy. She makes acting fun and she makes the class get to know each other and be comfortable around each other. Rockin prof. Take her for any theatre class you can!,5.0,2.0
Ms. Melanie was such a lively teacher. She was very blunt....no need to explain. You did have to listen in class and study to make a good grade in the class though. If you just pay attention ( it is hard not to, she is so entertaining) in her class, you are sure to pass. "THE TEACHER YOU WANT" for theatre 110.,5.0,1.0
Terrible!! Allows students to disrupt the class daily. Was often unprepared for lecture. Made students sign in AFTER class was over, causing us to be late for our next class. I hop she gets fired!!!,1.5,1.0
She ia an awesome instructor. We watch films to get a break from the lecture and the next day discussion them. You must attend the play during the semester and write a 2-3 critic page on it. Her tests are not really hard at all. Just attend class, take notes, study for tests and participate. You should receive an A maybe a B.,5.0,2.0
She is an awesome instructor. She is funny and makes her classes interesting. She gives you extra credit opportunities during the semester.,5.0,2.0
Don't buy the book. You don't need it. Study the powerpoints the night before the test. Easy A. She's very interesting..quite a character. But she keeps your attention. Lecture was fun with her.,5.0,1.0
Ok :) :) She has it going on. I realy wish the school would give her a better office.,5.0,5.0
Gotta love Mel!!! She is sooooooooo HOTT!!!!,5.0,1.0
Good Teacher. No homework or classwork. Just study the powerpoints a little before the test and you will have an easy A or B.,4.0,2.0
I just love her! She is great! You do have to study a little bit but only for tests. She is awesome!,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
Very easy entry level course. Miss Hollis makes the class easy, and is fair with each student.,4.0,1.0
I can't think of a better member of the Theater Faculty than Melanie. She's there for you, and because of her methodology, you'll exit her classes with an infinite amount more than you entered with.,5.0,2.0
She's very animanted. Fun woman who know a lot!! Test or so-so. I recommend her!!,4.5,2.0
I thought the class was okay. I did like to go because she acts crazy. Her tests can be pretty hard if you don't look over the material. Over all the class was GREAT!!!,3.5,2.0
Having done several shows with Vanguard, I thought this would be an easy class. What a SHOCK - I actually had to WORK at the assignments instead of breezing through Acting that I normally did. I learned more with her in one semester than I have in ALL my other acting classes combined. She ROCKS!,5.0,2.0
She is fun!,5.0,3.0
This class was EXTREMELY BORING. All we ever did was watch videos and write papers about them.,2.5,1.0
MEL ROCKS! Don't argue with the MEL, you are foolish for trying to argue whoever you were. Seriously, she's the bomb, fun, interesting, caring, GRRREAT ;),5.0,2.0
Not the best, but she is ok. Be ready to argue your point of view.,3.0,3.0
She's awesome!,4.5,2.0
You want this teacher, she's great. Do your work and you'll get an A for sure.,5.0,1.0
The instructor is hard of hearing and does not listen to, understand, and answer one's question directly, making it hard to be successful in learning and understanding the course material and completing the course successfully. He also does not work with and is not flexible with students. This instructor is not recommended for any college course.,1.5,5.0
I'm on a scholarshop basis and had a 88 and he decided to make it a 89 for an A. I studied my butt off and I told him that. He is the reason I did not get in to med school. You could not pay to take him again. No feelings what-so-ever.,1.5,5.0
Don't ask him any questions over old material or you'll look like the idiot!,2.5,5.0
Professor Clark is the nicest, sweetest professor on campus. She can be stern when need-be; but if you do your work, participate, and put forth an effort; her class will be educational and enjoyable. I took this professor for two courses and am looking forward to taking her again. Note: Yes, it is an English class, so reading and writing is a must.,5.0,1.0
Second class I've taken Professor Clark for. Solid teacher. Encouraging and helpful, and always super sweet. Would recommend.,4.0,1.0
I absolutely hate English, but Mrs. Clark is the sweetest woman. She will do everything to make sure you understand what is going on in class and to insure that you make a good grade. Take her!,5.0,1.0
Dr. Clark is very sweet and helpful. She lets you revise your work and makes sure you understand what's being asked. Easy assignments and readings. Solid class overall.,4.0,2.0
I adore Mrs Clark. She's really nice every day. If you come into class having a bad day, her happiness will have you smiling before you leave. Her class is fun. The books aren't the most adventurous, crazy, interesting books in the world, but they're all decent reads. Her essays are easy. She doesn't ask for too much or expect too much. Take her!!!,5.0,1.0
With her she does not care what you write compared to how you write. She is very nice. The first 2 essays are easy, the rest are basically all about grammar, not content. She grades much harder after the first one. She is not open to your interpretation of a reading, but if you tell her what she wants to hear.AspiringAuthors:DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!,2.5,2.0
She is a good teacher but you will have alot of busy work. It is not a given A. She grades on progress as you turn in each rough draft and paper. She really wants you to learn how to write a proper English paper. She is a professor who cares and admires hard work.,4.0,3.0
Mrs. Clark is great!! I hate English and she has made the class a breeze for me. She is very helpful and understanding and the work is not hard!! I strongly recommend taking her, especially if you struggle with English.,5.0,2.0
I hate grammar, but Professor Clark made it easier to bear.,4.0,1.0
Miss Clark is an amazing teacher. Take her!,5.0,1.0
Very nice, very enthusiastic. She is always open to working with students and encourages talking with her. Only criticism is that she expects students to know the material perfectly and she's easily disappointed. Otherwise she is a good teacher, and an even nicer person.,4.5,2.0
She is an amazing professor! I absolutely hate english but she made me LOVE it! She's so nice and always helpful. If something in the class was hard she explained it to the whole class very throughly. I highly recommend her!!,5.0,1.0
She's super enthusiastic and gets excited about everything. Very good prof, but not good at time management. Sometimes you won't actually get to the material until the end of class and you are always behind.,4.0,3.0
Professor Clark is the best english teacher I have ever had. She is so excited about english and literature and it makes her class very interesting. She will give you all the extra help you need. There arent any tests, just an occasional quiz to make sure you did the reading but they are super easy. I recommend her to everyone who asks! Wonderful!!,4.5,3.0
Professor Clark is enhusiastic about literature and it truly shows in her teaching. She is willing to go the extra mile to help her students! The class can be boring, but there are no tests.. just essays! Read the material, write the essays, and do your work and you will get an A or B!!! Also.. GO TO CLASS!!!,5.0,3.0
Easy class. Great teacher. She is very helpful.,4.5,1.0
she's adorable and has a great enthusiasm for teaching!,4.0,3.0
Very enthusiastic.,4.5,2.0
SHE IS GREAT,5.0,1.0
the best english teacher i have ever had. the papers are short usually around 2-3 pages. she gives multiple topics for each story. be ready to do some reading at the first of the semester but it backs off the farther on you go. Grades very easy,5.0,1.0
This is the teacher to take for English. I love her class, she helps you in anyway she can. If you take her class go to class, do you work, and you will do fine. I had her for 100 and 110 and I made As in both courses.,5.0,1.0
I like this class. We mainly write and I enjoy writing. She is helpful, and does want the class to do well. How could anyone give her a bad rating!???,5.0,1.0
this woman is amazing!! she grades based on your progress as a student, not on a template. the things you read in her class are great, too!,4.5,1.0
Anna Clark is always so cheerful and enthusiastic about everything that she makes it easy to get excited about the topic. Very approachable and easy to talk to.,5.0,2.0
I loved Mrs. Clark. She still talks to me this day!! Wonderful teacher! A lot of work, but it is all interesting.,5.0,3.0
i loved her class and i'm fixing to take her for 110 and then 112 next year. i hate english but she made it a great time and now i understand it and think it is an ok class.,5.0,3.0
She's not helpful and does not want her students to do well.,1.0,4.0
This lady is a CLASS ACT! She truly cares for her students and that comes through in her work. If you want an A, the ability to achieve that goal is there in spades but you have to work at it. She will go the extra mile for you but you have to be willing to do the same. FANTASTIC lady!,5.0,4.0
Great Teacher,5.0,1.0
I can't say enough about how wonderful she is!,5.0,2.0
I LOVE MRS CLARK. SHE IS A VERY HELPFUL TEACHER AND REALLY CARES ABOUT HER STUDENTS!!,5.0,3.0
Don't expect short classes or many free days. Mrs. Clark loves to talk about the material, and can get off track . However, she is always willing to help if you have trouble, she offers extra credit, and she is generous in grading. Tests are long. Be prepared for lots of reading and discussing!,4.0,1.0
She is one of the best professors on campus. She has nothing negative to say about anyone's work and will always remember you as a student of hers.,5.0,1.0
One of the best english teachers at UTM. Very kind and helpful. Just a great person all-around.,5.0,2.0
mrs. clark is probably the best english prof. at utm. she is extremely enthusiastic and loves to teach. she loves her subject matter and projects that to her students. she is also just a wonderful person and is understanding and fair.,5.0,1.0
Very easy, very nice, highly Recomend!,5.0,1.0
Professor Clark is a talker, but her class is not hard at all. If you are a good writer and enjoy reading then her class will be as natural as breathing.,5.0,1.0
Most sincere, genuine professor at UTM. Teaches because she loves it. If it's possible, make sure you take her.,5.0,2.0
She is such a sweet and kind person. You will learn alot from her class. She is an awesome teacher.,5.0,1.0
Is is the best teacher in the English department,5.0,2.0
Dr. Clark is so full of enthusiasm, you can't help to peel some off of her and wear it yourself..,5.0,4.0
Mrs. Clark is very helpful and her classes are interesting.,5.0,3.0
Anyone that is interested in teaching should meet Professor Clark!!!,5.0,3.0
Inclass rainstorms and dramatic readings.,5.0,1.0
The tests are hard, but there are other assignements.,3.5,4.0
boring as hell, and don't believe she will give you a bathroom break,4.0,2.0
Awesome teacher who loves to teach & help students learn,5.0,2.0
What a great lady. There should be more professors like her at UTM!,5.0,2.0
He's a good professor and a nice guy. Not too stuffy, and he accepts late work like a champ. Going to events is a part of your grade, but they're just simple campus events. Overall, Barry is definitely a good choice.,4.0,3.0
He is so great! I had him for the first time this semester in Writing Fiction and am so excited to be in his Workshop next semester,5.0,3.0
Loved Kitterman's 1020 class. English is far from my favorite subject, but he had us read interesting stories which helped. Read a story every night, short 3 question quiz next day. Easy A's. No tests, 4 or 5 papers. Good feedback on them, multiple opportunities to revise for a new grade. Show up, pay attention, pass. I highly recommend to everyone,5.0,2.0
I took Barry for my English 2020 class and he is an AMAZING professor. He genuinely cares about his students. He makes English fun; however attendance is required but I never wanted to miss his class. I loved his class.! Great teacher!,5.0,3.0
I wanted to drop to begin with, because of all the papers and class participation. I'm very shy and the thought of having to talk out loud or being called on randomly terrified me. He turned out to be the best professor I've ever had. You read a lot, write papers, but you LEARN. He's so relatable and his class was always thought provoking. TAKE HIM,5.0,4.0
Barry is not only a great professor, but a great person. Our class sat in a circle every day, and we mostly just read poems and talked about them. There are only about 5 papers over the semester, and only 1 requires research. He gives great feedback on papers and is a very easy grader with them. He isn't strict at all & I recommend him to everyone!,5.0,3.0
Barry was an awesome professor. I loved taking his class. He gives very fun reading assignments and lets you correct your essays and resubmit them for a higher grade. He'll meet with you personally and help you with your papers. He's a very fun, goofy, man. He swears often. I really liked his class, and I'm going to take him again next semester!,5.0,2.0
Dr. Kitterman is my favorite professor from this semester. As far as Honors professors go, he is pretty easy and his classes are fun and informative. He definitely is very strict about class attendance. He only gives about two essay assignments and grades them pretty fairly. He also gives great feedback and the chance to do essay revisions.,5.0,2.0
Barry Kitterman is one of the best professors. He is very helpful and will sit with you personally to keep you on track. He has amazing feedback and allows and encourages improving all grades and extra credit. Reading at home was required after every class from textbooks or handouts but it was an easy task. Essays were clearly defined. Must take.,5.0,2.0
Professor Kitterman, or Barry, is a wonderful professor. I took his HON 2010 course last semester and I am now taking his Writing Fiction course. He is very chill but he does expect hard workers. He is very nice, funny, and considerate of others. I recommend every aspiring writer to take his classes. :),4.5,3.0
I've taken two classes with Barry. He's great. Grading is fair, work is easy if you keep up on it, expectations are clear and fair. He's also very approachable outside of class and while he keeps class on track he allows students a lot of freedom of expression, especially in creative writing and choosing paper topics.,5.0,1.0
Barry is very nice and a wonderful teacher. But, if you're the type to skip class more than once, beware. He is VERY strict about attendance. If you miss more than one class, he automatically deducts your final grade to a B. He is also very confusing. I tried to edit one of my stories on his critique, but then days later he says he didn't say it.,3.0,1.0
Be prepared to write a lot of papers for this class. Kitterman is engaging, but sometimes a little crazy. I was not thrilled with his selection of Huddle's "Nothing Can Make Me Do This" for a class read because it includes graphic descriptions of certain addictions. Aside from that, great class!,3.0,3.0
Loved this class! I'm going to miss it. Very easy to get a good grade, just read the material. All required reading is interesting, and as long as you can defend your opinion he'll accept it. If I get the chance to take another class with Barry I will, he was such a great teacher. I suggest Professor Kitterman to everyone I talk to.,5.0,1.0
Creative stories! awesome teacher! one of the best english teachers ever. reading assignments every night but they are short stories and really interesting. there is a quiz at the beginning of each class of just basic questions from the stories then the rest of the class is discussion about it.,3.5,2.0
Professor Kitterman is amazing! He's so funny and incredibly nice. Don't take his class if you aren't going to show up, because it's very participation based. Also, if you don't like to think or question your beliefs, don't take him. I really really enjoyed the class!,5.0,3.0
He is a very kind, very smart man. He does push the limit of realism though when it comes to how many pages a person can humanly read in 4 days. 300 of a difficult novel? no way.,3.5,4.0
took him for 2010 in summer, read 5 books, 2 essays, 1 test, quizzes everyday, counts participation alot!!!, intense about literature, likes to call on everyone, but still approachable guy. Nice man, however, his grading, like all english professors is unique to him, so you have to figure him out. prefers an informal style.,2.0,4.0
He is such a wonderful teacher. Everyone should take his class!!!!!,5.0,1.0
super nice guy,5.0,2.0
He is a really nice guy. I don't like English to much and he makes everything funny. The class is really easy. 5 papers and he gives them back and tells you to revise it for a better grade. As long as you read the short stories its really easy cuz most of the time he gives a 1 ? quiz and its (Ex How does he die?) kinda ?s. Love His Class. Engl 1020,4.5,1.0
Barry, as he insists on being called, is a wonderful professor. He was very patient and genuinely caring about our learning not just the material, but the meaning behind it. Also encouraged me to consider a writing minor which I am now actually giving some serious thought to. Come prepared to read the assignments and take part in class.,5.0,2.0
If I ever won an Oscar, it would be directly due to the influence, patience, and caring of this man. Also due to his incredible ability to be tactful, supportive, and encouraging to even those people who may not exactly deserve it. BArry nurtured me into being a much better writer...and a much better person.,5.0,1.0
great teacher. very laid back.,4.5,1.0
He has a vey laid back approach, and does not grade very harshly, if you do get a bad grade he will usually let you redo it for a better grade. He also offers plenty of extra credit opportunities.,4.5,3.0
Barry is a wonderul professor. He is very genuine and cares about his students. I wish all professors were like him.,5.0,2.0
Everyone says he is so laid back and the seems to be his problem. He is unclear. This unclearness can be the difference between an A and a B. In class he syas your doing great and everything is great and all sandals w/socks but then out of the blue he gives you a C. The fake laid back approach is totally unrealistic.,3.0,1.0
I LOVE BARRY'S CLASS!!!!!!!!!!! It was one of my favorites. I love the laid back atmosphere and how he isn't way too strict, but still upholds his principles. TAKE IT NOW!,5.0,2.0
I loved this class. I took him for Intro to Creative Writing and Writing Fiction. If you like to write- creatively (without a lot of boundaries) take him. If you like more structure- take Blas Falconer. Both are incredibly good professors. Barry is much more laid back about everything-very very helpful. Great class- lots of fun!!,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,2.0
I really enjoyed my time with this guy, I wish I could take more of his classes!,5.0,4.0
This teacher is so cool that he's known by his first name. If you like to write, go out of your way to take Barrys class.,5.0,1.0
Went out of his way to be helpful. Really nice guy.,5.0,3.0
I LOVE Barry! He is such an amazing professor! He is very helpful with writing and I want to be as warm and poen as he is when I grow up!,5.0,3.0
Kitterman was a very easy teacher. He told us exactly what would be on the final, and we even reviewed every question in detail before the final. Just come to class everyday, he gave us a quiz to check attendance and to see who did the assignment. HE IS VERY EASY. TAKE HIS CLASS.,5.0,1.0
Wonderful guy! I had Barry for creative writing, fiction writing, & writing/speaking when the Heritage program was still around. He's sweet, kind, & humble. He is an AWESOME writer, and is very willing to help students with theirs. He's my favorite professor ever! Take his classes! He's super!,5.0,1.0
Gods I love this Man! He's incredibly cool. I had him for Creative Writing and Fiction Writing. We had our differences, but he got me to write things i never wouldv'e before! If only he was younger . . . and single . . . lol. .,4.0,2.0
Great teacher!,5.0,3.0
Awsome teacher!!!!!,5.0,1.0
barry is the best teacher that i have had in a while. if you are going to take apsu1000 or any english class you have to take him. he is every easy and he makes the class interresting. and he is kinda cute :) (for being older),5.0,1.0
Barry was one of my two favorite professors ever. I wish every professor was as great as he is. :),5.0,3.0
One word... SEXXY!,5.0,1.0
Best professor I've ever had, no contest. There's not enough room in this box to say all the nice things I'd like to.,5.0,3.0
Barry is one sexy man....and a good writer too I suppose. HA!,5.0,2.0
He's almost too nice, too easy. Doesn't get angry at the jocks who goof off in class, which can be distracting, but then you've gotta love him for being so nice. And he knows his stuff! Wonderful man.,5.0,1.0
Very good guy. Funny, personable, cares about individuals. Will get to know you. Best part is the punishment for your cell phone ringing in class -- get your classmates cell numbers and call them during class!!!!!,4.0,3.0
The best english professor at the school, loves his job and his students. You can also go to him after you have had his class and he will help you with your other english classes, like review papers and things such as that.,5.0,3.0
Barry Kitterman...the most excellent teacher I've ever had.,5.0,3.0
We only had to do 4 essays for this class. No quizzes, tests, or discussions. Which is great if youre good at papers & not great if youre not. My mother died & she did give me an extension on that paper, but the sympathy stopped after that. I came down with the stomach virus near the due date of the last essay & she still gave me an F on it.,1.0,5.0
I took a film class with Dr. Franks. The classes met twice a week with one meeting being about three hours long and other being 1.5hrs. Dr. Franks repeatedly got an attitude and was rude to the student that had to slip out for a restroom break during the 3 hour class. I heard the student multiple times explaining her bladder disorder to Dr. Franks.,1.0,5.0
She gives no clear explanation on what is expected. If you arent an English major you arent going to enjoy her class at all. I took this as a winter term so I knew it was going to be a heavy work load but she didnt clarify what was wrong about a paper and you basically had to guess what her prompt was asking for.,1.0,4.0
Very helpful teacher. Responds to email same day. Let me turn in a paper early for feedback. Clear expectations.,5.0,4.0
She gives no explanation for the reason you got the grade you receive, no matter what you do its not good enough for her. Silly Personal Comments on your work. To much reading and to many papers,1.0,5.0
Dr Franks was a great choice for Italian Cinema. She lived there and told us many stories about the people and customs. Discussion was definitely lively both during and after the screenings. There were many short assignments so you get a chance to improve your grade.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Franks is very knowledgeable about film directors. She is passionate about us learning how filmmaking works. Be prepared to participate every day, and don't forget to watch the films. You can't fake your way because she knows the films so well. The best thing is you can rewrite your papers.,5.0,4.0
Unique seminar style of class requires you to be prepared with questions and answers every day. That said, it also made me do my reading and think hard about it. If you care about literature, you'll love the discussions. If you are only doing this course to fulfill a requirement, and you don't like to read, you won't be happy in ENG2030.,5.0,4.0
if you like to read, this is the course for you. 2 papers and 4 discussion boards, not hard. grading is easy. i wrote a mediocre paper and got a B.,5.0,3.0
I love Dr. Franks! She is intelligent, cares that we learn, and very knowledgeable. In World Lit we covered, literally, the world! It was very interesting to read stories from just about every part of the planet. Her comments on papers really do help you if you take time to read them and apply them to your next homework.,4.0,3.0
One of the most frustrating experience of my college career. There was no justification for her grading beyond silly personal comments. The feedback she gives only insight into her egotistical personalty which you soon learn to placate. She expects you to read her mind and identify with whatever critical perspective of the LONG 3x weekly readings.,1.0,5.0
Sorta enjoyable. 30-60 pages of reading every class. Every absence or missed reading is a takeaway from your grade. Professor is nice but more concerned with her own situation and opinions. You cannot challenge her knowledge or conclusions. Grades consist of attendance and very few papers. Not the best choice of a teacher for 2030,3.0,4.0
Dr Franks uses a seminar style of teaching in Honors which means we all say something every day, if she calls on us. This made me prepare my homework more than I ever have before. This requires time but makes the discussion super thoughtful and interesting. Since it is World Lit, they range from philosophy to psychology to history, including lit.,5.0,3.0
Only 6 assignments: 4 discussions and 2 papers. She is a harsh grader, but prompts can be vague. Each assignment has a different book associated with it and she gives 2 weeks per discussion and 3 per paper. DO NOT PROCRASTINATE! You will struggle if you wait until the last minute to do your readings. Some summaries can be found online but not all.,2.0,4.0
Dr. Franks requires that you read six books and you have an assignment for each one. (Four discussions and two essays) If you don't do well on the first essay, the best you can do in the class is a 65. She has unclear grading criteria, is extremely harsh in telling you how wrong you are, and is impossible to reach outside of her office hours.,1.0,4.0
She does not tell you what she wants in a paper or discussion question, and then crucifies you for not knowing. It's her way or the highway. She refuses to work with you if you hold a different opinion from her. She expects you to know everything already, and to be able to analyze like that's all that keeps you alive. Do not take her if you can.,1.0,5.0
She has two papers and if you do bad on them don't even bother with the discussions because you have already failed her class.,1.0,5.0
Dr Franks made Brit Lit II a lot more interesting than I thought it could ever be. She makes you think about how the books and the history of the time period match up. Discussions can get interesting. Definitely prepare your homework before class, and you'll do fine. She grades easy on the participation and gives lots of feedback on papers.,5.0,3.0
She's not a bad teacher. She's passionate about British Literature, & she gives good feedback. However, if you are not one of her favorites, prepare to be graded harder, be humiliated in class, and for her to pick you for every class discussion. She's not fair with her grading of class discussion. She's very unfair to those who do not play along.,2.5,5.0
I love Dr. Franks! She is quirky and relatable and very intelligent. She wants you to work for your grade and is available for good feedback. She is very passionate about her subject. I've had her for film class as well and she is so knowledgeable! Do yourself a favor and take her class if you are remotely interested in literature or film.,5.0,3.0
Easy class, but stressful as only two papers are required, both worth 50% of your final grade. Lot's of reading boring literature!,3.5,3.0
Get ready to read. She assigns 6 novels for the semester, 3 before midterms and 3 after. 2 papers and 2 tests, that's it. With so little assignments you know you have to read to make sure you don't fail even one of them. She gives good feedback and is a very picky grader, she's a English teacher of course!,4.5,4.0
First professor I've had here in 4 years here at APSU that is honestly passionate about what she teaches. It's quite inspirational! English and literature has never been my cup of tea, but she and her text selection was interesting and it made it a fun online class! Very helpful, understanding, and VERY reasonable with assigned work. TAKE HER!!,4.5,2.0
Took online because of ratings on here and wasn't too worried about it. I write mediocre papers and made a B in the class. Pretty simple discussions. Papers are easy. Don't buy the books. Overall simple class. Not demanding at all.,4.0,2.0
I really liked Dr. Franks and her class. A lot of reading but she worked with us when necessary. A daily discussion question (not hard if you do the readings), daily discussions which were interesting, sometimes movies, and 2 papers that she graded very generously. She loves what she teaches and it shows. I'll definitely take from her again.,4.5,2.0
Dr.Franks is a really nice professor in general and is a good advisor.As a teacher,however, the papers are impossible to do well on, and her mandatory discussion questions "DQs" must be PERFECT and agree with her standpoint to be "good."Her classes are difficult.I also took British Lit I with her and even though I did well on everything, I made a B,2.5,4.0
Great online class. A total of 6 books to read, discussions, and 2 essays. Books were okay, some were easier to read then others. Don't waste your money buying the books, I found the books at the library and online for a free download to a kindle or other device. Overall, easy class!,5.0,1.0
Dr. Franks is a wonderful teacher. Her attendance policy is a little scary, but she worked with me through the entire semester even. I had a major family crisis in the middle of the semester and she let me turn in a paper two weeks late because she was so understanding. I highly recommend her. She's very nice, funny, and loves to teach.,5.0,3.0
Dr franks keeps discussions going and is never boring. She is funny and tells good stories. Grading so far is easy. You just have to bring in a discussion question every day. Take her, you won't be sorry!!,5.0,3.0
Dr. Franks is very helpful with questions and guiding you through your paper. She let me pass in my paper early and have me advice how to improve it. I finally understood what a thesis statement was after this. Books are really interesting and not what I would ever pick to read on my own. Take this teacher!!! You won't be sorry!!,5.0,3.0
She's the worst professor I've ever had. Don't take her!!!,1.0,5.0
Approachable but not always helpful. Awesome as a person but not as a professor. Reasonable amount of papers but unreasonable amount reading. If you don't prepare a question for class she'll mark off 3 points. If you're late or absent more than 3 times each she'll mark off 3 points for every time after. Talks a lot and tends to go over class.,3.0,3.0
Dr. Franks is an expert in her field. You will learn a lot from her. She's friendly, bright, cares about her students, works wonders with papers, has creative, interesting assignments and selections. Ive taken her twice. She is great to work with, and extremely helpful with your papers. Amazing woman.,4.5,3.0
Prof. Franks is an expert teacher. She listens to everyone in class and leads the discussion so everyone gets involved. We acted out a play that was so hilarious. She could even make boring 17th century plays come to life. She's passionate about teaching and has a beautiful smile. Grading's easy as long as you do the work.,5.0,3.0
5 novels required for online class. Not difficult readings, but authors ramble a lot about nothing. 2 papers=final grade. Instructor LOVES quotations in papers! Overall, books were good reads w/exception of 1; as mentioned, authors are just too chatty in their explanation. Was like listening to my ex husband =\,4.0,4.0
2 five page papers plus attendance/participation. I LOVE her teaching style. She respects what the students bring to discussions, and treats you like a colleague or grad student. She is super kind and eager to help in any way. I've taken her four times!,4.5,1.0
Dr. Franks is really helpful and professional, and that alone puts her far above many others in my opinion. She's a very nice woman. Show up to class prepared and proofread your papers and you'll do fine. There aren't many graded assignments, which can be a bad thing, but it also keeps the class from becoming overwhelming.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Franks is an outstanding professor and mentor; she's also funny & down to earth. Her teaching methods are non-complicated; she gets the same level as her students and explains with simplicity the necessary step to learn and write well. She is humble, realistic and helpful, a true Literature professor. Take her class, you will enjoy it!,5.0,2.0
Good teacher. Goes the extra mile to help you understand the criteria. Easy to deal with.,5.0,1.0
Jill Franks was helpful in all aspects of teaching the course. I found her to be a good source and very knowledgeable.,5.0,1.0
Dr. Franks is very helpful and approachable. The class discussions were a fun part of the class. Attendance and participation are important.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Franks is an awesome professor. She is very knowledgable and will clarify any questions you may have. Great class!,5.0,3.0
If you like to read alot and study 2 authors in depth you'll like this class. Dr. Franks is passionate about these authors. She shows the movies based on the books.,5.0,2.0
I was a little intimidated to take this course in psychoanalytic criticism. Prof broke it down and made it easier. Applying the concepts to our own lives made sense. The material is hard but she cares that we learn it. She LOVES the subject and her passion conveys.,5.0,2.0
really good books. Even though they're famous people like Kafka and Dostoyevsky, I wouldn't have read them unless forced. Online lectures were helpful and the prof answered emails on the same day. We got our essays back in like 2 days. Great course.,5.0,2.0
She knows a lot about Virginia Woolf and D. H. Lawrence. Discussions are fun, you can talk about your own life in reference to the novels.,5.0,3.0
Her Lit&Film Across Cultures class is ok. She interrupts the films constantly to comment, though. She doesn't seem to know much about movies. She showed us Monsoon Wedding as an example of Bollywood (it's not) and then tried to say Slumdog Millionaire is an Indian Film (It's not. It was made by Danny Boyle, a British man.),2.0,2.0
She is very unclear in what she wants done on assignments and ONLY grades the 3 papers through the semester. So if you fail one paper, then you are done!,1.0,5.0
Horrible experience! The class is all about her opinion on feminism and DH Lawrence. She totally reads things completely out of context. The poor authors that have her teaching their work. Learned nothing of use, just her opinion on things. Do NOT recommend!,1.0,5.0
Dr. Franks is very slow to respond to student emails if at all and I am taking an online class from her. She does not appear to care about her students at all. She is disconnected from the online community. Very disappointed with this teacher and would recommend not to take her if at all possible. Why do they have tenure in universities!,2.5,5.0
intelligent, well read and open minded professor. Can be fun, give her a try!,5.0,5.0
Dr. Franks self-admittedly has some OCD issues going on. Not a problem though because it makes her VERY organized. Class depends on reading and you must have a prepared question every class, you loose 10pts if you don't. If you know anything about Freud you'll have great conversations with her. Grades papers for grammer and content, can be tough.,4.5,3.0
Easy A.Do your best by reading the stories and talk about the stories online or research them.Your online daily anyway so do some research for homework.Not hard class even online.Literature is not an easy subject and takes time and understanding.Be on time with assignments.Very organized professor which is a must for an online class.,4.0,2.0
Her sense of humor and personality is more than strange. I was really nervous at first about all the reading (I'm a very slow reader), but- there were a lot of books we read that I couldn't put down. She definitely knows her literature, however, if you don't do the reading you're doomed, b/c every class depends on discussion. -Challenging class-,3.0,4.0
If you cannot handle constructive criticism you should avoid her like the plague. She would be worth taking if you are willing to apply yourself and stay awake in class. She is OKAY but I would seriously consider other options.,4.0,4.0
Class started by covering all the issues then steered progressively more towards misogyny as the only important topic of all literature. If you are a woman and write about misogyny, you are almost guaranteed an A.,3.5,4.0
Horrible professor! If the translation is not according to her terms it's wrong. She grades papers harshly. She allows a reasonable amount of days to miss but will not excuse you if you exceed, no exceptions! Which is wrong since u r an adult in college.,1.5,4.0
A very **** and most often subjective professor in terms of teaching,1.5,5.0
She comes off a little intimidating at first. I enjoyed her class a lot but I can see how some people might feel uncomfortable with her. If you hate to read and/or are afraid of having to stand up for your thoughts and opinions, you'll hate this class.,4.5,4.0
Very good professor. She's very passionate about her field and she loves D. H. Lawrence. She is totally underrated because people feel intimidated by her. There's no reason to feel this way. I enjoy every minute of her class and hope to have her again!,5.0,2.0
Very hard to work with. I went for help and never seemed to make a difference.,2.0,5.0
I know Dr. Schiller is known as "the gpa killer" but that is the main reason I chose him. To me, that meant he taught the subject with the expectation that you will LEARN. I don't know about you but I don't want a nurse or any health care provider who just barely passed his/her sciences.,5.0,5.0
Dr. Schiller is by far the definition of a professor that is more about getting his paycheck than legitimately teaching. I am taking his AP1 to apply for nursing and honestly cannot wait to never see him again. This is literally an undergraduate course that requires doctorate level responses for anything close to a good grade. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!,1.0,4.0
I loved Dr. Schiller. He is tough, and you have to study for sure. However, you really retain the information if you put in the work. He is a bit lecture heavy, but it is okay. Always willing to meet outside of class. Extra credit is offered on every test. Overall great guy 100% would recommend.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Schiller was a great professor! His class is not easy, but easy was not expected. He is extremely willing to help outside of class. I reviewed with him before every test but the first, and that was my lowest test grade. I did the exam reviews in the D2L and went to him before each test to go over my sketch and labels. Super helpful!,5.0,4.0
I would not recommend taking him. He doesnt give any chances to bring your grade up. It is 5 test that reflect your grade. He reads straight off the power points(which you can do yourself) and it doesnt really help. And his grading is tough and terrible. You could label as much as you can on your test and he still wIll give you 1/5. Dont take!,1.0,5.0
Worst teacher ever. Lectures super heavy, and does not slow down. You will not pass if you are a more hands on student and cannot learn well by just lectures. You are graded only off of 5 test grades but you will actually take 6 and the top five are taken as your grade. You must put in the work outside of class. He is a super dry guy.,1.0,3.0
The best advice I could give a student in Schiller's class is to study a LOT. It will be impossible to receive a good grade in this class unless you put in the work outside of class. Go through the PowerPoints and learn how to draw all of the diagrams he shows in class (they'll help you in the short answer section). Great guy, tough class.,4.0,4.0
He is an okay teacher. However, his tests are extremely hard. They are worded as if the students are professionals. The class is only based off of 5 tests (6 with the comprehension final). His way of extra credit is by having you answer an additional short answer on the test but its too hard to even try.,2.0,5.0
He is by far the worst professor I have had here. He just lectures the entire class and does not care about whether or not you actually retain any of the information. his study guides are extremely large and broad and about 2/3 of the material on there is not even on his tests. avoid taking him if possible.,1.0,5.0
Dr. Schiller is very knowledgable but lectures A LOT. I personally found his class amusing, but I know a lot of people found him to be dry and confusing. I believe that as long as you're willing to really pay attention and follow along, his class is easy enough, but definitely not one you can pass without any effort.,4.0,4.0
Textbook not needed. Totally a doable class. Nice guy, just lecture heavy. Final only counts if you do good on it. Only grades are test grades. Will have to study. Test are multiple choice with 2 mandatory free response and 1 optional for extra credit.,3.0,4.0
He is not the best at further elaborating on topics past what he already has said. Make sure to study any chance you can and use the online study guides, mastering A&P study modules, and powerpoints to help with this. He does take notes of his students and how much you show up to class/participate. A good grade wont be easy but not impossible.,3.0,4.0
Dr. Schiller is extremely dry and monotone, he goes off on tangents during lecture and rarely finishes the chapter material before its included on the exams. the verbiage on the exam questions make something simple into something incredibly confusing. Tried to meet after class for help and was blown off and dismissed, I'd recommend another prof.,1.0,5.0
Dr. Schiller is one of the toughest professors I have had. While his lectures are difficult, he makes it very clear they he will meet with anyone outside of class which definitely helps. You are graded solely on your tests and you must study or it will be impossible. I would recommended Schiller if you are interested in truly learning anatomy.,4.0,4.0
A&P 1 with Dr. Schiller is as hard as you make it. If you study and go to class you will pass his tests, but he does not make it easy for you.,4.0,5.0
Do not take,1.0,5.0
You're graded based on your exams and nothing else, which HURTS. Attendance is never taken, so you're on your own entirely. Barely made it by, received a D. Overall, take 2010 with someone else if you're looking to gain from lectures and be graded for something other than exams.,1.0,5.0
Dr. Shiller is fair and a very caring person if you are the type of student to show EFFORT. Participation is big for him. His exams are 85% Multiple choice with a few essay questions. His exams are definitely over the power point he provides. Make sure you do your LABS!!!,5.0,4.0
I had him for lab, but instead i had a student teacher teach me and he was the head honcho for all the student teachers. The TA that I got was amazing and he really taught the material well.,5.0,3.0
I took A&P in HS, so I knew lots about the subject and I was familiar with the terminology, but he presents such an abundant amount of information that it can be extremely difficult to know what to study for. You really have to want an A. He gives study guides, which make it easier, but the essay-type questions are not the same ones on the test.,3.0,4.0
Look, Schiller is your average "very intelligent but lacking greatly in the personality department" kind of guy. His test are easier than Amy Thompsons for sure so that is the plus, but she is SO much more exciting so pick your poison. He can't help it he is the way he is.,3.0,3.0
Dr. Schiller is an extremely hard teacher. Very hard to sit and listen to for an hour and a half. The tests that I took were all very hard, even after studying for days. Most were multiple choice with an essay. I learned the material better from my lab teacher than I did in this class. I will have to retake the class with a different professor.,1.0,5.0
I personally have always enjoyed A&P and I took it in high school and this gave me a leg up to power through this class. Dr. Schiller is very smart but struggles to "dumb down" concepts for first time learners. This class is a weeder though, so use your resources (tutoring, study groups) and power through. Your grade depends on your work ethic.,3.0,4.0
Dr. Schiller is very intelligent and I think his understanding of science would be better served at the Graduate level. He is just too difficult, in my opinion, for a 2010 level class. He lectures the entire class period and tends to not finish ideas before being sidetracked by another thought which left me without clear notes. GOODLUCK.,3.0,5.0
Old school, amazing professor! Big believer in self accountability.,5.0,4.0
When he says to come by his office for him to go over your review before the test, DO IT. He appreciates seeing your hard work & he doesn't forget it. Go to lectures, he hints at diagrams that you'll need to recreate for the test. Attendance is not mandatory but it is if you want an A. Read the chapters before class & do the extra credit!,4.5,4.0
Great professor. Everyone should consider taking his class. I would take it again if I needed to. He is my hero and I'm going to put a shrine of him in my living room!,4.5,3.0
Schiller's class required the textbook and it was not used once. He claimed he was accurate and the book was wrong. Lectures are all PowerPoint slides, but he gets off topic and discusses things that are not even on the slides. Most of the time he never even finishes going over some chapters before tests. I do not recommend taking his class.,1.0,5.0
The tests are very tough in this class, all of the material is from his lectures; however, he doesnt always finish his lectures before the test day so be prepared to learn the material on your own. The tests are your only grades in the class. The final does replace your lowest grade which is very helpful.,1.0,5.0
I did not have this prof initially. My first prof left for unexpected reasons so he stepped in. I was extremely disappointed. His test are hard. You have to draw and label for part of it. His lectures are long and he talks like you have graduated biology already. He is very monotone and will put you to sleep. I would avoid his class or be prepared,2.5,4.0
Dr. Schiller is an excellent instructor. This class is difficult, but once again we are not in high school. If you plan to show up and not study you will fail miserably and without mercy. If you apply yourself, do not cram, and understand the material not just parrot it, you will do excellent. I had zero problems attaining an A.,4.5,4.0
If you have a class 10 minutes after his, don't expect to be on time. He will just keep on talking. And his voice will make you want to fall asleep. I do NOT recommend taking him. You must understand every detail in the course or you will hardly pass. Textbook is necessary if you want to pass because his powerpoints are sh*t.,2.5,5.0
Dr. Schiller is a wealth of information- very smart man. Willing to help you with special circumstances if need be; very accommodating. Tests are extremely dense and essay questions are lengthy. All test prep came from his and Dr. Pitts' website. Study PowerPoints and the reviews to pass the exams. Also study the dynamic learning modules from MAP,3.0,4.0
Schiller knows what he's talking about, but he assumes all the students do too. He loves talking about positive feedback (especially pregnancy) ALL the time, even if it has NOTHING to do with what the class is talking about. Only 5 exams and a comprehensive test at the end. HARDEST tests ever taken.,1.5,5.0
Although you can register for Dr. Schiller as your instructor, you will be at the mercy of his grad student-I got Ms. Cleland. She reads through the power points, hardly explains anything, labs are self-guided, instructions are usually very vague. She does the bare minimum required of her (show up) and couldn't care less if anyone succeeds. Avoid.,2.5,3.0
It's a hard class in general, but he's a good professor. Nice and willing to talk to you. You need to study if you never took Anatomy in high school ( I took two so it helped a lot especially with terminology).,3.0,3.0
He seems like a nice man, but when I am in his class I am not engaged. He may ask questions once in awhile to see if we are following along with the lecture, but after the first 25 or 30 mins I am lost. Many people do not reply to him and as the semester continues there are less people attending class since he does not take attendance.,1.0,5.0
By far, he is the toughest professor I have ever had. The study guides were created by Dr. Thompson and unlike what others have said can be quite useful if you know what to look for. Recording the lectures is extremely helpful because he will often have test questions taken directly from his speech rather than the PowerPoint. Expect to work hard.,3.0,4.0
Tests are your ONLY grades! Print powerpoints and study as you go! Tests have more than one right answer, he tells you to pick the "best" answer. Tests also include essay questions worth 10 pts. Curves grades!Loves homeostasis and reflex arc questions Quite a few obscure test questions.You WILL work for a good grade, a lot of people fail his class!,2.0,5.0
It is hard to pay attention in the lecture.He has a monotone voice and does not engage the students.At first I thought it was because it was a large lecture class, but now that I am in Bio 2020 with a different professor, I know now that Schiller was just a bad teacher. His tests are hard and requires constant studying at least 2 hours every night.,1.5,5.0
I had one of Dr. Schiller's grad assistants for A&P 1 lab. The class was a piece of cake, directions were clear and help was offered. I highly recommend the open labs before lab praticals, they really help!,5.0,1.0
I enjoy this class. Yes, it is hard, but so was my anatomy class in high school. A lot of work outside of the classroom must be done in order to make a good grade. I recommend Dynamic Study Modules app from Pearson, that comes with purchase of the book. Dr. Schiller is tough, but it's a good indication of how one will do in nursing school, grad,etc,4.0,2.0
Does NOT teach material clearly. Dont study the study guides he gives you they are useless. Overall he is terrible. Take someone else,1.0,5.0
This prof teaches from a shared power point set. Makes very few references to the book.(Doesn't like the book, but required for class) Study guide is outdated, and he only covers specifics, you have to fill in the gaps. Understand ooncepts and you'll do fine.,3.0,2.0
His voice is really monotone and he isn't really helpful. If you study hard, you can pass the exams, but I would not recommend his class.,1.5,4.0
He does not explain the material clearly. He reads straight off the PowerPoint, so I would suggest printing those off before class. Attendance is not required but it really does help if you do not miss class. His tests are pretty difficult and come from the book and lectures.,1.5,4.0
He was boring and I barely attended class. He doesn't take attendance after the first few weeks. Exams are hard, essay questions on exams are impossible. You MUST study!!,3.0,3.0
Nice guy, but he speaks monotone and doesn't explain what he means. His essay questions lack clarity and he grades low. I do not recommend taking him for your professor unless it's a last resort. I'm very disappointed and angry with my grade, and I tried hard.,2.5,3.0
He's a great guy, who knows what he's talking about! He speaks very monotone and is the least bit helpful when you need help. He does though, make sure you understand before moving on. I'd recommend over some other professors.,2.0,2.0
DO NOT TAKE!!! it is way harder than needs to be. tests are so hard i don't see how people pass. he is too boring and likes to hear himself talk. This was the first class i ever started getting C's and D's in. He is not helpful and doesnt care if you fail. I studied hard but even if you copy out of the book he says its wrong. WORST CLASS EVER!,1.5,5.0
DO NOT TAKE HIM UNLESS YOU WANT TO FAIL! When you ask question he seems annoyed and he says on the first day that only a few will pass his class and that's the way he likes it. Multiple choice exams with essay/diagram section attached. Even if you copy the diagram from his handouts perfectly he still wont give you an A! I had to drop his course.,1.0,5.0
Short and simple: Easy labs. Not very enthusiastic. Tests are fairly hard. They aren't over what he goes over in class. Read the book outside of class. It isn't too hard.. You just need to study outside of class. Lecture is not clear.,3.5,3.0
He is very informative on the material, which is what you need for this class! I am making an A, and YES you have to put out the time and effort. BUT U R IN COLLEGE! What do you expect? Also, this class is for future Dr. and nurses. If you can't handle his class, good luck in grad school! He gives a lot of extra helpful material to study with.,5.0,2.0
Human Bio is difficult and Dr. Schiller does little to make it more manageable. Lectures are dull and don't go into as much depth as he expects you to for the exams. He also gets off topic a lot. I've found him rather unhelpful- rarely actually answers the questions I ask. He's a very smart man, but is a better scientist than a teacher.,2.5,4.0
The class is hard because it's Anatomy, so yes, you have to study and be prepared. Attending class helps. And while he's not the most exciting lecturer, he stresses what he thinks is important and a lot of the essay questions come from that. Do Thompson's study guide to study.. it's really not that bad because the answers are all there.,4.5,4.0
He's a nice enough guy, but an extremely tough grader. Don't expect to be able to study the powerpoints, it won't be enough. I had a B going into my final exam... just looked on my transcripts he gave me an F. I'm convinced this is a calculation error on his part, but he hasn't emailed back yet. I will not take him again.,3.0,5.0
Great Class! I really enjoyed it. The class is hard though and if you not attend lecture you probably WILL NOT pass the class. There is a lot of useful material in the course. Hoping to take him again nest semester for 2020!,5.0,5.0
Lecture is boring ! HE IS MONOTONE SO ITS HARD TO STAY AWAKE. This semester half the class showed up, && only came on test days. Its a hard class, the past is fast & you have to have GRADE A memory ! DONT TAKE HIM.,2.5,5.0
Zoology if somewhat boring anyway, so the lectures aren't very entertaining. Dr. Schiller is a good professor, but this class is no joke. I made an A because I worked REALLY HARD. He will help his students, but he will not tell anyone what is on the exams. However, the exams are multiple choice, no essay. Final replaces the lowest grade.,3.5,5.0
Dr. Schiller's lectures were boring and I had a hard time staying awake. However, he was very fun in the lab and always willing to give extra help when needed. The only reason I made an A in A&P is because I read the book. And I do think he is kind of cute,4.5,5.0
Prof. Schiller gives boring lectures but is very helpful if you take the time to ask for help. Be prepared to study if you want to pass his class.,3.5,3.0
He's the most boring professor I've ever had. His lecture is literally reading every word off of the slides in a completely monotone voice. You might as well just stay home and read the slides yourself. The study guides he gives are useless because they are so long. I wouldn't recommend this class unless you'd like to teach yourself.,3.0,4.0
I loved him. A&P is overwhelming, but he is helpful. In class quiz for every lab and then a D2L assignment due a week later. If you are unsure about an answer on the HW he'll look it up for you, but make sure you ask before you turn it in. Two practicals, which cover a TON of material, but if you go to open lab EVERYTHING is there except the slides,5.0,1.0
Very difficult to keep up with,2.0,5.0
Dr. Schiller seems like a very smart man. He definitely knows his stuff when it comes to anatomy and physiology, although his lectures are so boring that most students won't be able to pay enough attention to realize it. He is very unenthusiastic about his teaching. Gives a LONG study guide for tests, but it is an unreasonable amount of information,3.0,3.0
I think a lot of people like to bash professors because they dont like to study and somehow fail the class. Dr. Schiller may have some lame jokes but he is always willing to help. At the beginning of the course he said the amount of info to learn is unreasonable but hey its anatomy a class for future nurses and doctors. if you arent willing to stud,4.0,2.0
This man loves to hear himself talk. He is THE MOST BORING professor EVER...especially for lab. He clearly knows his stuff and is always willing to help. Practicals are hard, so you must study hard. And bring an energy drink if you plan on staying awake for 3 hours. Would recommend someone else.,3.5,4.0
Dr.Schiller is a nice guy, but his lectures are EXTREMELY boring. I had trouble concentrating no matter how hard I tried to focus. He is, however, willing to help out outside of class if you have questions.,3.5,4.0
He is boring...but he knows his stuff. He is willing to help you anytime just ask him. He gives about 4-5 tests a semester in 2010...they are hard but A&P is hard. He posts a review for the test on blackboard and if you know it you will at least finish with a C. TIME CONSUMING to get Bs and As.,4.0,4.0
I can pretty much say that I've experience most of the professors that teach these courses. It is rough, and there's no way to make the material easier or more exciting. The only one that I know of that gave quizes over the lab guide which helped with my overall grade (easy just read the guide). Always willing to help.,5.0,4.0
He is a great guy and will go out of his way to accomodate you-you "youngins" can comment professors without attacking them personally that is immature.A&P is hard-face it people! This ain't a subject you can afford 2 not know what ur doing! Learn it. He does have a large ego though & his politics drove me nuts. He is not there to make like easy.,5.0,4.0
The radical left-wing teacher your parents warned you about! Reads off Power Points, poor lecturer and yells at & berates class for not knowing material. Somewhat helpful if asked but more into saving the world from global warming. Tests aren't too bad, but I would take with someone else, not interesting at all.,1.0,3.0
Dr. Schiller is a science proffessors that I feel has a tendency to drift in a manner that is more common in art instructors. I believe he provides a very good overview of the material covered in his exams until two days before the exam where he crams as much in as possible. With that said, study the slides and u'll do fine on the exams.,4.0,3.0
HORRIBLE!!! Worst teacher I've ever had!,1.0,5.0
he needs to use his voice better and have more entusiasm with the students, he makes the class very bored,1.0,5.0
Ok. Dr. Schiller is an extremely poor excuse for a teacher. The only thing I learned from this class is that he loves to hear himself talk and doesn't care if any of his students pass or fail. He tells jokes and tries to be funny, but the only thing people are laughing at is his hairpeice or his rainbow coloured shirt. DO NOT TAKE!!! TAKE PITTS,1.5,4.0
THe Classes are boring, but he tries to make sure the student undderstands the material,5.0,2.0
I think he is a nice professor. He gives you everything you need to be prepared for his tests. Yes, his political views show in class, but it is not like he forces them upon you. And, school is not a circus, some classes will just be boring. Friendly guy. Easy class.,5.0,1.0
Very Liberal, and will express his political Views during class....Not Cool, the definition of a tree hugger.....Extreamly boring Labs....He might not be so bad if he kept his politcal side out of the class room..And the field trip that the class took to his house...well...he has a cute dog, but i now got scratches all on my Truck Door....Oh Well, the dog was cute though,1.5,5.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
His labs are the most boring labs ever.. blah! Also very very dry since of humor and likes to act superior to everyone! If you are close with him, you'll do good. Not very clear on what he expects. Likes to make things difficult for students.,2.0,4.0
He just throws out all these facts at lightning speed there is no possible way to get them all. His reviews are like saying remember everything in the chapters. Not real big on helping with questions. Test questions are VERY tricky. He really likes the,2.0,5.0
VERY DIFFICULT BUT GREAT PREP FOR NURSING SCHOOL. THIS IS REAL WORLD. HE DOESN'T HOLD YOUR HAND!!!,1.5,5.0
Wonderful teacher. Is soo sooo willing to help outside of the classroom as well as in the classroom. The tests are hard. If you do the study guide on his website, read the chapter, and pay attention during lecture you will be fine!,4.5,4.0
Very thorough, especially in lab. It is imperative to read the book for lecture tests if you want an A. The biggest drawback is his EGO.,4.0,2.0
Good teacher to take for Lab.Very thorough explanations, made lab fun and interesting. Practical wasnt bad.Only thing that sucked was the weekly quizes.,5.0,3.0
he definately is the cure for insomnia. he bores you to death but he does try to help you as much as possible. when he is in lecture he is like a zombie, its weird i cant explain it. he loves his science though.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Schiller is very witty, and if you study the questions at the end of the chapters, you will certainly pass. He's more than willing to go the extra mile for his students..and I adored the free Latin lessons! Nice Rear too!,5.0,1.0
Had him for lab. Was a lot of fun. He does talk a lot and is difficult, and I hate those freakin quizzes, but he is fair and tries to help the students do well. He let me get away with cutting up in class and causing mildly amusing scenes because I actually tried to learn the material. Humorous.,4.0,4.0
This teacher didn't seem very helpful to me.,1.0,5.0
Dr. Schiller is a nice enough guy. However his teaching method, lecture, does not really help you learn anything. He is always willing to give you extra help, but in some cases it doesn't really help. The tests are multiple choice, but still difficult. The lab practicals are rough!!,1.5,4.0
ok!! It's ANATOMY!!! It's not easy and extremly boring at times and Dr. Schiller knows that! I think that he is a wonderful teacher...although he was pro Kerry...he he he....his tests are multiple choice and if you study...they are idiot proof! Good luck!,3.0,3.0
Nice guy with a sense of humor, but expects a lot out of his students(sometimes too much) If you put in the effort you will be fine. Just make sure to drink some caffenine before lab because he will talk the whole 2 1/2 hours. oh yeah, and he offers free latin. =0,3.0,4.0
His lab is okay...I feel that I get a lecture while I'm in there: is that good or bad? Practicals are hard, but curved. Always have a quiz before lab.,4.0,4.0
He tries to be funny. He really does,2.5,5.0
Nice teacher, knows his stuff, but he is THE CURE for insomnia. Powerpoint presentations should be banned.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Shiller is a challenging professor and he makes sure you know the material. He can be boring at times but he will bend over backwards to help you as long as you are making the effort. The people who don't do well in his class are the lazy ones.,4.0,4.0
this is not going to be an easy class, and everyone knows this, he teaches the class like he expects you to actually do work outside of class *imagine that* but i commend him for that, the way that he taught the course made me become a better student!!,5.0,3.0
Don't go here. Likes to consider the subject harder than it has to be. A&P is hard enough without his added on "help".,1.5,5.0
I didn't llike him, very bad teacher. He likes making things hard. Not to mention his classes are boring. He has beady eyes too.,1.0,5.0
BIG MISTAKE! Why is this man still teaching? He has got to be the stupidest creature on this earth. His classes are boring, he is boring, and his life is boring. If I had to take him again, I would kill myself. Be smart, stay away from Schill!!,1.0,5.0
Dr. Schiller is a great teacher.Yes,his classes are a bit challenging but he is only preparing us for what is yet to come.Of course, if you don't go to his lectures and you don't attempt to read and complete the reviews, you are screwed.,5.0,4.0
He is a great professor. Just go to class (pay attention), print notes, and take notes and you should make an A like I did. Many people don't like him b/c they say that he is too hard (those people didn't attend lectures and were lazy).,3.5,3.0
Very nice and easy to talk to. Willing to help ambitious students. He's hard because he teaches Anatomy and Physiology which are full of information,4.0,4.0
Be Smart! Don't take him.,2.5,5.0
Dr. Hancock is an amazing professor. I am currently taking her online class and I have never had a professor who responds to emails and discussion boards so quickly. The workload is heavy, but the quizzes are not difficult if you read the selection. Great professor!,5.0,3.0
I am currently taking Dr.Hancock online and I feel like a hamster on a bleeping treadmill. Her work load is extremely stressful. However if do the work LOAD you will pass.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Hancock is super sweet and helpful. I'm currently taking 2030 online and she's one of the best online professors that I've ever had. She's very involved with her students and discussions unlike most online professors.,5.0,4.0
Great professor! Very helpful. I wish that I could take Dr. H for all my English classes.,5.0,2.0
Dr. H was the best online professor I've had. She keeps close watch over the class to see if help is needed. She is clear about what she expects. And it's easy to get an A if you just read the material and put some effort into your papers. If you don't want to go to campus for English, this class, with Dr. H, is for you!,5.0,2.0
She is so understandable and helpful. She wants you to succeed in class. I wish I could have her for every class I take.,5.0,2.0
Dr.H. is GREAT! She expects a lot but I am learning a lot. The work is worth it! Although my class is online, I feel I know Dr.H. and like her almost like a friend. She's cool! Take her and you'll be glad. She cares about her subject and her students.,5.0,5.0
I never got to meet Dr. Hancock because I took this course online. This was my last class before I graduated and I left it for last because I never did like English Literature. Dr Hancock was so effective in her ablity that I actually enjoyed the class, though it was hard. Thank you Dr. Hancock and I would enjoy taken another course with you.,5.0,3.0
THIS CLASS WAS OKAY I HAVE HAD EASIER ENGLISH CLASSES BUT PASSED WITH A B. FINAL EXAM VERY EASY. 4 QUESTIONS OVER A MIDSUMMER NIGHTS DREAM. TEXT VS. MOVIE EASY.,4.0,2.0
Great online instructor-best I've ever had and I've had a bunch. Hard but makes you glad she was because you learn A LOT. Thanks Dr.H.,5.0,5.0
Dr. H, is an outstanding teacher. She cares about her students. All professors should be like her,5.0,3.0
AWESOME TEACHER! VERY VERY NICE AND HELPFUL,5.0,3.0
Great prof! Best I've ever had. Wonderful interaction online. Would recommend her to anyone. She may be teaching in postretirement, but she's still awesome. Hard but worth it. Take her!,5.0,5.0
I think Hancock's retired, but i'm not sure. Anyway. Had her for "Adolescent Experience in Literature." Fairy Easy-A Class. That's why I took it.,3.5,2.0
Worst teacher I've ever had in my life. Always came in late and held class late to make up for it. She took forever to return papers. Horrible teacher. Needs to retire and never come back.,1.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
One word Boring but easy.,3.0,2.0
This class was very difficult and there were lots of quizzes and a couple discussion boards. It is a very hard class but each quiz has two tries. The final exam only has one try but is a compilation of all the true/false questions on the quizzes.,3.0,5.0
You have to work for it but it's a fair class. Theres exams, discussion boards and a final. He's very specific with the discussion boards. He lets you take the exams twice. A or B if you do your work.,3.0,4.0
I highly recommend taking Mass Media Law through Dr. v online. There is a lot of material, but he let's you take each exam twice. 4 exams, 1 final, and 4 discussion boards for the 8 week class. No reason to not get an A or B with the exam retakes.,5.0,2.0
He's not really my cup of tea. He can be rude and downright mean. Not looking forward to taking anymore classes with him unfortunately i have to.,2.0,4.0
He's brilliant and fair. People say he's hard? Well, it's college. College is not supposed to be handed to you on a tray. I LOVED his class.,4.5,3.0
What a JERK! He is full of himself and does NOT care about you as a student or learner. Avoid his class. He is there just to amuse himself at any1's cost. He belittles you no matter your age. It's a speech class and I had to study more for his class than my A&P class and only made a B. He's a waist of money and time. He's an Unfair arrogant butt.,1.0,5.0
I really enjoyed his class. He was more than willing to help if you put forth effort to try.,4.5,3.0
This guy is so full of himself!! Don't bother to try and ask him any sort of question pertaining to the material, or the studio, because he will most likely try to give you a smart-alecy answer that makes no sense. He smells like a bad of dirty laundry, and is so arrogant..he is absolutely NO HELP AT ALL!!!!!,1.0,3.0
He's really nice and for the most part really easy. We barely used our book and did a lot of things inside the studio. His voice is really funny and he has a lot of knowledge about radio.,4.0,2.0
Dr. V is very helpful and entertaining. His explanations are are detailed and precise. He also is very clear about what material will and will not be on the test. At first I wasn't too excited about this class, but I have learned alot and he makes it interesting.,5.0,3.0
Great Professor, has very unique teaching philosophy. I enjoyed his class even though I really did not want to take it.,5.0,1.0
Great guy, will go out of his way to help you, a strong teacher and many interesting stories to tell,5.0,3.0
Very nice man!,5.0,3.0
Dr. V is cool, just don't get on his bad side. And please, please don't bring food or drink in the studio, you'll never hear the end of it!,4.0,2.0
Great personality, but very demanding course material. It's worth every bit though. You'll learn a lot from him, and he's great at giving useful tidbits of knowledge that'll help you navigate the maze of communication laws. Exams come from lectures.,5.0,4.0
His classes are tons of fun you learn a lot without realizing it. He's helpful in and out of the class room. His tests are easy if you listen to the lectures and pay attention, but that's not hard to do because he's an exceptional teacher!,5.0,2.0
Dr. V was I think one of the best professors that I have had. The class was great! And him teaching the class made it easy for me and some others to pay attention!! Gotta love leather!,5.0,2.0
He knows what he's talking about, and is a very good resource. Also a very interesting personality.,4.5,2.0
He made me enjoy public speaking!,5.0,2.0
8:00am in the summer is hard to take, but this man will wake you up and keep you interested. Just make sure you dress really nice for your speech. Great class!,4.5,2.0
Liked his class,5.0,3.0
Doesn't really teach just reads off of her ppt. Gives you maps to label but will give you two different countries for the same label and when you ask her to clarify she won't. Definitely don't recommend taking her unless you are super good in history.,1.0,4.0
I enjoyed having Prof. Butts as an instructor, but her class was difficult for me. There is a LOT of material covered in a day and she goes fast in her lectures. She hands out study guides for every chapter, but I never figured out what to prioritize studying and taking notes on, hence my final grade. Cooperative with communication. 6/10.,5.0,4.0
Okay professor but she goes too fast. I have to take notes on the power points outside of class just to stay on track. Easy online quizzes surprise in-class pop quizzes. Try to ask for a study guide before you begin a new chapter, there are at least 80 questions you need to know in those study guides. She usually gives it two days before the exam.,3.0,3.0
The class started off okay but over time it got worse. Myself and other students had a difficult time following along and was hard to understand the power points as she would skip over things and even had to rush though some chapters due to her spending so much time on other chapters at the start of the semester. Overall a very tough class.,1.0,5.0
Dr. Butts is a fantastic professor. If you have any problem she will be happy to answer it and she is understanding. The class grade is back heavy which she tries to make very clear. Do not wait to do the term paper until the last few days and you should be fine!,4.0,3.0
Lecture heavy and if you do not take notes you will not pass. Personally, I love the lecture/note classes, but if that is not how you learn I would not recommend it. She is very passionate and it makes her class enjoyable. She puts the study guides for every chapter on D2L and if you use those you're golden on the exams.,5.0,4.0
So, Im a freshman and I wish someone had told me about rate my professor beforehand. Shes sweet and all but the way she teaches is awful. The study guides are ridiculously long, she goes off topic about stuff that isnt on the slides, and is no help whatsoever. Also, beware of her quizzes, if you dont match her answer exactly, its wrong.,1.0,5.0
WORST CLASS EVER wouldnt recommend cause no .,1.0,5.0
All she does is lecture from start to finish. She never finishes class on time. I am always rushing because she lets out like 4 minutes late. There is a TON of essay/papers/reflections and her tests are ridiculously hard. I am a straight A student and I have yet to get an A on an assignment in her class.,2.0,5.0
VERY lecture heavy. I am a straight A student and didn't do well on an assignment and I asked if I could make corrections and resubmit, she said no. I was understanding as the assignment only gets one submission, however, the same week, she took late work from the whole semester from other students which didn't seem fair.,1.0,4.0
This is my 3rd class w/ Dr. Butts, I've taken HIST 4760 & 4770. She is without a doubt one of the best & kindest professors I've ever had. She knows what she is doing and she is very passionate about her work. She is lecture heavy & you need to study the material. But don't be afraid to email her for help/guidance, she is very understanding.,5.0,4.0
Only take her if you are a history major. She loves what she teaches which isnt a bad thing but if you dont understand jack crap about history dont take her. Sweet lady though very understanding. However from one slow person to another DONT DO IT!,2.0,5.0
I have her currently. I have been here every single day, and yet no matter how much I pay attention and take notes, I can not pass her class. I only recommend her if: 1) you're a history major 2) you're able to keep up with her talking. She is extremely talkative, and sometimes goes over the time for class. She's nice, but I would not take again.,2.0,4.0
I had her for both HIST2010 and HIST2020. I enjoyed her course thoroughly. You don't need the textbook to pass her class, but you do have to be there. She talks a lot and some of the things she discuss aren't on the PowerPoint slides she presents, so you have to take really good notes. She's an easy-grader and understanding, and helpful.,4.0,4.0
Dr Butts is a fantastic professor within her topic, however her tests will make you pull your hair out. They are always cumulative and her study guides are essentially a list of questions that hint to what is on the test. Mind you though, the guide will have 100 questions, but the test will just have 25. Hardest effort Ive ever put in just to get,3.0,5.0
She is very nice and helpful all you have to do is put in effort to get an A! Very caring, loved her.,4.0,4.0
She is a good professor but is excited about teaching and will talk fast and the whole class time. Her test are very thick on materials, lots of chapters covered in one test.,3.0,3.0
Feedback is not clear, and never posted grades. Final exam was ridiculously difficult and-wrote for almost the entire time. Not specific in what you should study, and what was on the test wasnt well covered in class. No grade posted on the paper or exam! I would not recommend this class, regret taking this class. (Lowest grade this semester),2.0,5.0
Dr. Butts has a very lecture heavy class, and the tests come directly from the notes. She gives quizzes at the end of each chapter, and a 5 page term paper. Attendance wasn't mandatory, but if you don't show up you won't pass. She didn't use the textbook at all so don't waste your money. Overall, she's a great teacher, but this is not an easy A.,3.0,3.0
She talks a LOT. Her class is completely about listening to her go on and on. She will give the most vague explanation and want the most specific answer that only a PhD History Professor would know the answer to. On the other hand, she doesn't give much homework and she does give study guides.,3.0,3.0
I loved this class! Dr. Butts is such a sweet lady and is always there if you need help. Quizzes at the end of every chapter, so be ready. Two book assignments, three tests, and one five page paper along with a few other homework assignments. If you don't come to class, you'll fail, but attendance is not taken. Don't get the textbook either.,4.0,3.0
She talked the whole 55 minute class every MWF. She is a talker for sure, gives quizzes at the end of every chapter. Her test are matching, multiple choice, and maps. She is super nice and does not take attendance but don't miss unless you must. You will miss a lot of information. She gives out study guides for each chapter.,3.0,4.0
If you are horrible at grammar beware! I would have gotten a A on the paper if it weren't for grammar(got a B). Other than that she is a good teacher if you actually do the work and participate in class! You may not like her if you are just trying to breeze through the class. She gives out a study guide before each 'section'. Use it!,3.0,2.0
I find that most people that do not like her are the people who don't want to do anything, and complain about how hard it is. If you give effort toward the class she notices, and she will help you. She is very caring, and you will learn a lot.,5.0,4.0
Talks all day. Tests are extremely hard. Final is over everything and gives no study guide. have to know a lot of maps,1.0,5.0
Really good class, just be ready to write a lot of in class essay question quizzes. You get more work towards the end of the semester.,4.0,3.0
Seriously DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS CONSIDER THIS A WARNING! IT'S NOT WORTH IT. Professor Butts is a nice lady but she makes history seem like the devil. I use to love history before I took her class. THINK TWICE BEFORE SUGNING UP FIR THIS CLASS BEFORE ITS TOO LATE!,1.0,5.0
As a history major, thought this class would be great. WRONG. I hated this class because we spent more time talking about native americans than we did covering the revolution. By midterm we had not reached the french and indian war. Will never take a course with Prof. Butts again.,1.0,5.0
So happy and so nice and so smiley ALWAYS but her class is not for you unless you are a history major. The textbook was only a SUMMARY of her lectures. She's CLEARLY passionate about what she does, but she just dishes out WAY too much information for one test. And it's frustrating trying to figure out what to study cause she says it's all important,2.5,4.0
Gives WAY too much info for very short exams Didn't give enough time to work on research paper HATE that she thinks everyone remembers '3rd grade history'(element school was LONG TIME AGO for some of us) Would I take another class from her? NO! Definitely not! Great if you're HIST major; if not, forget it!,4.0,3.0
Does NOT use textbook! Power point presentations ARE the book. Likes to give weekly quizzes, usually end of week. Easy grader on quizzes, but extremely anal on grammar; doesn't like run-on or short hand sentences. Gave homework over Thxgiving break! Not 'difficult' but definitely NOT easy if have other classes. COMPREHENSIVE FINAL!,4.0,3.0
Great Teacher, lots of lecture, and minimal issues with work. Multiple essays, but is a relatively easy grader. Take the honors section if possible!,5.0,3.0
She was a great professor! She was really into what she was teaching. She gave out study guides all the time, pay attention to them, test come straight from there. As your taking notes follow along with the study guide she will answer the questions on them in order through her notes!,4.5,2.0
GREAT TEACHER!,5.0,4.0
Great and fun teacher but some of the assignments are tough!,4.5,3.0
I liked this class. Learning about history is always cool. The tests are not that hard, the big paper is not hard either, and she gives you other little assignments that are easy. I enjoyed her class, and I think she is a great professor, who really loves history.,5.0,2.0
I enjoyed this class. I would take another class with her in a heartbeat.,5.0,4.0
She was very monotone, boring, talked really fast, and kind of got off subject alot. And, if you miss a class, forget about trying to get caught up -she covers so much in an hour.,2.5,3.0
She is an excellent teacher, always there to help her students.,5.0,2.0
You will learn a lot, but be prepared to work hard and spend lots of time on this class!,4.5,4.0
She'll draw you into history like it's a good book.,5.0,3.0
BORING teacher..shes very smily and happy happy happy she gives quizzes and they aren't so bad most of the time.tests come from notes and study guide,3.0,3.0
I felt she was a Good teacher. Lecture based class alot of note taking alot of study guides one for every chapter and test not quizes test study guides between 70 to 90 questions, huge. Wrote one research paper and one paper about it. Test were multiple choice and labeling with usually one or two essay questions at the end.,3.0,3.0
I've never seen such an enthusiastic person be so boring in class. She LOVES her stuff, and she's very knowledgeable, but for goodness sake, she broke into song in our last class. Pay attention in class, because she quizes you almost daily on fine details of her lecture, but she's really not too hard, and she's always willing to answer questions.,5.0,2.0
Not easy, but very supportive and encouraging.,4.0,2.0
Not very interesting class. Very picky.,5.0,3.0
Try to avoid if wanting an easy A,4.0,4.0
Greatly informative proffesor. She knows her stuff and she teaches is well. If you like discussion based History Courses take her. If you like lecture based ones take her as well, since she does a nice combination of both of them.,3.5,4.0
Worst teacher I have ever had. Very rude. Held class over every day more than 10 minutes, even the other professor (it was a double-prof class) got annoyed with her over teaching. Plus, totally goes into details about the craziest things and be prepared to know the names of the horses that characters rode! What a crock!,1.0,5.0
Dr. Butts is so wonderful! She really cares about her students!,5.0,2.0
Dr. Butts is great! She never yells or tells you your an idiot. This is a big change from my upperdivision science classes. If you come to lecture and actually take notes you'll get an A. You can always email her, call or drop by. If you think this class is hard you might want to quit college.,5.0,2.0
ended up dropping her class bc it was too early in the am for me. but she knows her stuff. very well. talked from 8-8:50. every morning. too much for me too early in the day. i don't like listening to history. if she taught another subject, it'd be good.,4.0,3.0
She is very full of life. She loves to teach history. I DONT like history, but she it least makes it interesting. There is a paper requirment, 5-10 pages. Take good notes and the test will be a easy.,4.0,3.0
Egocentric, she thinks she is gods gift to the world of history. A perfectionist, she sometimes takes to extremes. (I wonder if she suffers from OCD?) If you don't have to take her, dont! Otherwise get ready to do more work than you ever imagined! BTW my grade was a B...worked my butt off for it!,2.0,4.0
Very good and knowledgable, but too picky and she sometimes thinks she knows everything about anything. Does not listen to students when the student tries to explain the workings of something. Otherwise, cheerful, and helpful, she would be good for incoming freshman...,3.5,3.0
AWESOME is the word that describes Dr. Butts. She made my 8am class easy and interesting. She is a very cheery and compassionate woman. Final was easy...just remember to keep good notes!!,5.0,3.0
If you have to take an 8 AM class, Butts will at the very least keep you from falling asleep. Cheery and knowledgeable, she can almost make History an interesting class...even if you don't like it. Exams mostly from lecture, but some book material.,5.0,2.0
Good prof, enjoyed her class. Very easy to understand and always willing to take questions. Her paper is demanding but she giving you a rough draft, so as long as you keep up with it you should be good.,4.5,3.0
Very hard. Excentric.,1.0,5.0
had to take the class twice...studied, attended lecture, did homework and flashcards, and still only scraped by with C- (finally.),1.0,5.0
Without a doubt the worst teacher I ever took. I changed my major from psychology because of him. He was also my advisor and I found him extremely unhelpful.,1.0,5.0
Awesomely laid back teacher!,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
With everything you do in this class Dr. Pigg always goes over it with you and will help you if needed. I have found the best way to get ahold of him is through text messages which he will give you the number at the beginning of class.,4.0,3.0
I like Dr. Pigg as a person. He is funny and very knowledgeable about what he teaches. But, he is kind of boring in his presenting of material and does not explain things well. His instructions were always confusing, too. If you do the reading and take notes, you'll pass but still be confused about everything. I didn't learn anything in this class.,2.0,3.0
You can tell he is super passionate about what he does. very funny and is always trying to get you excited about whatever you're discussing in class. LOTS of reading required for this class, but its in short chunks and the journals are very easy. He will basically give 100s for just attempting the work. Can tell he wants all his students to succeed,5.0,2.0
Dr. Pigg is a great professor! This is my second class with him and I would certainly take him again! There is a TON of reading, but he helps you to understand what you are reading and puts it into context. All of his assignments are fairly straightforward. Just pay attention to his lectures, do the work, and ask for feedback!,5.0,3.0
His class was just really boring. The material wasn't bad, and you only have a few papers to do, but I always dreaded this class simply because he wasn't good at engaging the students.,2.0,1.0
You NEED to read to pass this class. He's lecture heavy, but tries to make it more than that. A few in class group work, a 15 minute group presentation, and a 5-6 page paper. 3 tests. He gives you a study guide before each test that makes it pretty easy to pass. He grades lightly, so that's a plus. I can't imagine it'd be easy to fail this class.,4.0,3.0
Loved this class! It took alot of my time but the class was great. Dr. Pigg was great at answering emails and providing feedback. I would definitely take him again.,5.0,3.0
Great Professor!,4.0,3.0
Dr. Pigg was very easy going and open minded. Great start to freshman year,5.0,3.0
Dr. Pigg is very lecture based, so if you're a visual learner it might be difficult. But he explains things well and he'll answer any questions you have. Be prepared for daily journals, 1 group presentation, and 1 paper. The tests are easy as long as you read the material. He's a pretty easy grader which is a huge relief. I would take him again.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Pigg is a wonderful professor. In this class you will read a LOT of plays and you will have to read aloud in class. He has tests, but they are out of class and open book for the most part. You will have to give a presentation and write a 6 page paper.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Pigg was an awesome teacher. He is very understanding with assignments. He is so passionate about what he teaches it makes it easy to get interested. We watched a lot of movies and had to write papers on them. It was a different approach to essays but it made the class that much more enjoyable. Do the work and it is an easy A.,4.0,2.0
Just take Dr. Pigg. He is an easy grader but you also feel like you are learning. We watched a bunch of movies. You really did not have to read the books, but I did anyways. He goes over the prompt before he essay is due so you get the general idea of what he wants. He is also a smart guy with like 8 degrees, pretty interesting.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Pigg's assignments are v involved with the books assigned but at the most skimming the readings & finding a few key points to talk about in class seemed to be good enough. On his syllabus his attendance policy was strict but I skipped fairly often due to work/family emergencies (and even skipped a key assignment - opps!) and still got an A.,5.0,3.0
I have this professor for one of my English courses online. He does grade fairly easy, but he is vague and doesn't respond to emails or discussions.,2.0,3.0
I took Dr. Pigg for Secondary English Methods, and it was a great class! Dr. Pigg really cares about his students, and he wants to help you succeed. He's very passionate about teaching, but he is also very busy! He did not return over half of the assignments, and he doesn't use Canvas, so I had no idea what I was making until final grades were out,4.0,4.0
Dr. Pigg is an amazing teacher. He grades fairly easy on papers. He's funny and easy going. He admires people who speak up in class and answers his questions. Try to attend all his lectures because he does notice who doesn't show up and who does. He gives 6 papers and all are fairly easy and relatively short. 10/10 would recommend.,4.0,2.0
Dr. Pigg tends to be VERY vague, but hes also very understanding. Hes also hilarious. Hell work with you if he doesnt have his stuff together, which happens sometimes.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Pigg is so easy for English 111! You write a lot of papers but they are very easy and always short! He gives a couple options for each paper as well. At the end of the semester you get to watch movies and they are actually good movies. Easy grader and super funny in class. Attendance is mandatory though so don't take him if you won't show up!,5.0,1.0
I personally loved Mr. Pigg. You can tell he actually cares about what he is teaching and does his best to make sure his students know the information. If you ask for help, he is always willing to help. You do have to do journal entries for every class period, so if youre someone who doesnt go to class often, dont take his class.,5.0,4.0
I took ENG 112 online with Dr. Pigg. He is good professor but takes long to grade the assignments. As long as you can read and do your papers on time it's easy class. He is good professor to work with.,3.0,3.0
Great Professor that you should take. That said if you're looking to miss a few days don't even try this class. Anymore than 4 misses and you're out.,4.0,2.0
Gives boring writing assignments,3.0,3.0
Very lecture-based, so not the best for visual learners. Gives study guides for tests. Lots of reading. Good class and professor overall.,3.0,4.0
Dr. Pigg is an incredible man who is very passionate about British Literature. His help is there if you ask him in class or message him on Facebook, emailing him won't get you very far because he doesn't reply to them. The class does consist of a lot reading but you can do most of it on sparknotes.,3.5,2.0
He's a very good speaker and obviously likes what he does. However, his lectures can get very boring after an hour of him talking. The class I took was New Testament and though he gives more detail on what goes on, if you go to church most of it is common sense. He does take attendance at the end of the semester.,3.0,2.0
He is my favorite english professor. I took him last semester and am taking him again next semester. As long as you come to class, read the material, and write your papers you will pass. You watch movies too. I despise english, but his class was actually entertaining because we joked around a lot.,5.0,1.0
He is a really good teacher, but you have to be ready to read. If you are struggling, but he at least sees you trying then you will get an A in his class. I am taking him again next semester!,4.5,4.0
He is a very funny teacher. His class was by far my favorite. Recommend him to anyone!,5.0,1.0
He is a very interesting character. I love his class. We joke around a lot, but you write A LOT of papers. He always breaks down the prompts, so they are not that bad. I am taking him again for English 112. Oh and ask him how many degrees he has.,5.0,2.0
Pigg is an amazing professor. He is definitely helpful when you write your papers. Yes there is a lot of papers in there, but he goes over each topic and practically tells you what to write. Also you watch a good amount of movies in there. He is super easy to work with and is willing to bend over backwards to help.,4.5,2.0
I really liked him, and the literature he taught. We read a LOT and I feel as if there was always a paper due. His class is fast-paced, and you need to keep up to survive.,5.0,3.0
He is pretty good all around. He seems as though he cares about the students' success more than anything. He's always there to help.,5.0,1.0
Dr. Pigg is a great teacher. You have to do a lot of reading for the class, but he will go over it very thoroughly during class. Take notes over what he says, go over the information on the study guides, and you will pass this class with an A.,4.5,2.0
Great guy.,5.0,1.0
He is very big on papers. This is the first English class I took and it helped me greatly when writing papers. Before each paper, you will have a workshop in class which helps alot. As long as you pay attention and participate in lecture, and get your papers done, you will be fine!,4.0,1.0
Great Professor with too many graduate degrees.,3.5,2.0
You don't really have to do the journals. As long as he has a few (maybe 4 out of 20) it's fine. He gives study guides and grades pretty easy. As long as you show up enough to kinda know the stuff on the tests, you'll be fine.,4.5,1.0
Easy teacher. He saw that the class was doing poorly on his quizzes so he took them all off our grades. He even asked what participation grade we should get and that's what we recived.,3.0,2.0
He is very interesting and fun. He has interesting texts to read from. He is a stickler on punctuation in your essays though. He told us that if you have even just one comma splice it's an automatic F on your exam final, but overall he is a wonderful teacher who really knows his stuff. He's actually a very easy teacher until it comes to the final.,4.5,3.0
Great class and a great teacher. If you put forth effort then your grade will reflect that.,4.5,2.0
He is one of the BEST PROFESSORS that Martin has! He is really a genius! He has 7 degrees! yes, 7! Do the work and study for the test.... ok well jsut read over what he gives you because it helps. I never went to class and I got an A!!! He is AWESOME!!!,4.5,1.0
Dr. Pigg is a great teacher! He is super boring but he also grades really easy. If each consists of mulitple choice, short answer, and an essay. If you write an essay (he gives you the topic ahead of time) he almost always gives full credit. Easy A please take him!,3.5,2.0
I love literature and was looking forward to this class. However Dr. Pigg only covers poetry and I feel there is more to literature than poetry. His tests are a little difficult so make sure you read all the readings!! Also be prepared for an out of class essay every test and an in class essay for each test.,3.5,3.0
terrible,1.5,4.0
pretty easy teacher. very boring though. make sure you read everything for the tests.,3.0,2.0
I took him for dual credit last year, and I really didn't prefer his class. He gave good stuff to use in papers, but he really didn't help me with his advice. I guess it was just me. If you don't like getting a B grade for a 96 paper or standing in front of the class, don't take him. Otherwise, I think you'd enjoy him and class.,4.0,5.0
Great professor. I loved his class and he is really easy. Make sure you read the assignments cause he asks questions in class.,5.0,1.0
This teahcer is amazing!! If you want an easy A, TAKE HIM!!,4.5,1.0
I took both 111 and 112 as dual credit.... LOVED HIM!!! I recieved two As and I am not good at english at all,5.0,1.0
His class is easy, but it was not what I had expected of a religion class. We studied religion in general instead of each individual religions.,3.0,1.0
Very cool!,5.0,2.0
great teacher,5.0,2.0
Best English Teacher I ever took a class from. Helpful. He is an objective grader. He is SO smart. And passionate for his subject. Do your work and you will be happy you took the class.,5.0,2.0
Very helpful professor. Would always allow extra time to complete projects. Always tried to help students acheive the best possible grade.,4.5,5.0
i shouln't be so hard on him, after all it was his first time teaching a religious studies class. the class was dull. he pretty much just read out loud the text book. and his attendence requirement was a bit ridiculous. if you miss more than three times he drops you a letter grade for each additional time. no matter if you have a medical excuse.,2.0,4.0
Great Teacher, honestly learned and I don't care for English Highly Reccommend Him,5.0,3.0
This teacher is amazing I should have taken him for en112 do it. it would be a mistake not to.,5.0,1.0
This man is super easy!!!! He is a little boring but what do you expect from an eng. teacher? He requires a lot of reading, but i never read the first thing and have an A. He cracks a lot of jokes that the class never gets. Overall, TAKE HIM!!! He is an easy grader. You have 3 tests a presentation and a paper.,3.0,1.0
great teacher-easy and very helpful-really is interested in what he teaches-he was so good that i'm taking him again next semester,5.0,1.0
Awesome teacher and very helpful. Also very easy to talk to. Very easy class.,5.0,2.0
good teacher. tells u exactly what he wants. grades easy. can be a bit boring at times but not alot. throws in a little humor now and then. the papers aren't too bad. just do what he asks and u will get a good grade.,3.5,2.0
Great teacher! He knows the material and gets excited about it. He makes the class interesting. In this Shakespeare class he showed several different interpretations in movies of each play. And offered an optional trip to a Shakespeare festival. If you read the material and attend class you will do good.,5.0,2.0
I had Dr. Pigg for several English classes; I was an English major-10 years ago. I can honesty say he made a huge difference in professional career. When I struggled in graduate school, he talked me out of quitting. He probably will never know how much he impacted my life. I admire him personally and professionally.,5.0,3.0
If you have to take a english class by all means take Dr. Pigg. Im a engineering major so english is not my strong point, and actually try to avoid it,(I guess that is why I waited until my senior year to take english) but I actually enjoyed his class,5.0,2.0
Easy, Easy, Easy. This man knows his stuff. He throws in humor which keeps you awake. He is clear about what he wants and if you put forth at least some kind of effort he will reward you with a good grade. best english professor by far.,5.0,1.0
THE ONLY PERSON THAT SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO TEACH ENGLISH!! THE BEST ENGLISH TEACHER I'VE EVER HAD!,5.0,4.0
This is the easiest class I have ever taken!! But at the same time it wasn't too boring!! Very easy, as long as you try you will get credit.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,5.0,4.0
Excellent teacher and mentor. He was a great inspiration to me!,5.0,2.0
I can't think of a better English professor at the University, honestly. He's at the top of his game, and is the best advisor for whom a student can ask. I hope I'm half the teacher he is when I obtain my Ph.D.,5.0,4.0
Just when you think that the class is hard you ace a test. I am so glad that I took this class. I def. will get an A or B.,4.5,3.0
He is a good teacher and is helpful. He is willing to give extensions on assignments if needed. I would highly recommend him to anyone.,4.5,3.0
Dr. Pigg is very helpful. Essays aren't hard because they're understandable topics and he explains them thoroughly. You have time to work on essays in class. He's a great teacher and I would greatly recommend him.,5.0,2.0
Wonderful teacher. He explains what he wants clearly and asks you to ask him for help. Excellent english teacher.,5.0,2.0
He's great and a very helpful teacher. I had fun and learned alot. He's very funny in his own way. I laughed every day.He just wants you to do your best and come to class. With that you can't go wrong.,5.0,1.0
No Comments,3.5,1.0
I have never had him for literature; this rating is for HISTORY OF THE ENLGISH LANGUAGE. He is aloof and witty in a non-standard way, and I really enjoyed him and the class. He gives you study guides, which helps because there is so MUCH information! A+,3.5,3.0
He is a great teacher. He requires a lot of reading but the books are interesting. He is a cool teacher and his class is very entertaining. I would definitely take him for any English class.,5.0,1.0
This guy really knows his stuff! He is fair, consistent, and is very concerned about his students. Other teachers in this department could take some lessons from him about teaching.,5.0,3.0
Easy enough, and a fairly cool guy, but requires a LOT of reading. Make sure you you have some extra time before you sign up for this class.,3.5,2.0
I like him....I hate to admit, he's won me over. He is really smart and kinda prissy but funny. He's very aloof though and NEVER answers emails. But he isn't a hard professor to get a good grade with.,3.0,1.0
This guy really knows his stuff. He is a nice guy and not too difficult of a grader... if he was hard on the essays, I'd be failing. No one got less than a C based on test grades. But his way of teaching really helps students to remember the material.,4.5,1.0
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR!!!!! He is rude and refused to help me with my paper. He also refused advice through email!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Quirky & fun teacher! I liked his class but i don't know what the deal was with my papers I got a B on every single when when I felt like i needed an A. I reccomend him though. His class is interesting and fun.,4.0,2.0
good teacher,5.0,1.0
Meh. You may like him you may not. There is a lot of reading and writing required. Maybe a little more writing than is necessary, but an ok teacher I guess.,3.0,2.0
Great teacher. I hate english but he picks interesting books that are fun to read and has interesting class topics.,5.0,2.0
Terrific teacher. This guy knows his stuff and makes it interesting. I hope I get a chance to take him again, even though I know it will be a lot of work. He requires a lot of reading and a lot of writing, but that is English, right?!,5.0,4.0
i liked this teacher, he was nice and as long as you act interested and try you should do fine,4.5,1.0
You may like him. I did not as he seemed to detest me for some reason. I made an A and he is quite easy, he just isn't very friendly-- at least unless you are a perky Ed major or a guy.,3.0,1.0
Very smart, but is a bit of a priss pot. Visibly disliked me, but I learned alot,3.0,1.0
Smart guy, knows his stuff. You'll have to do some reading but he's a nice guy.,4.5,3.0
His teaching varies depending on how interested he is in the class. His true passion lies with Ceramics, and any other class he teaches seems to be a hassle to him. He gets offended if people don't show up to class, but he skips class on a regular basis. I get the vibe that he's still teaching here because he gets to use the facility.,2.0,2.0
Clearly cares about his students. He is passionate about ceramics and wants you to be also,3.5,4.0
I wasn't nervous about this class until I learned that we would be focusing on the human form. McBeth was incredibly helpful whenever I had questions (though sometimes I did have to go look for him). For those who didn't like his teaching style, it is a bit unusual, but this is an upper level studio class and you shouldn't need your hand held.,3.5,2.0
I have taken 3D design, beginning ceramics, two semesters of advanced ceramics (about to be three) and a special topics raku class with him. Made all A's. He's awesome, but he's not going to hold your hand. You're an adult and he's going to treat you like one. He grades a lot on effort. Ask ?s, be attentive, and give it your all, you'll do great.,5.0,4.0
This professor did everything BUT inspire me to create art. I was harshly disappointed in his lack of professionalism and studio ethics.,2.0,1.0
Super nice guy who loves what he does and loves when people show interest in what they do in his class! Each semester he gives me renewed faith in my own abilities and motivates me more and more! he is respectful and helpful if you show that you care. I will try to take him every semester possible. If i have a mentor at this school it's this man!!!,5.0,1.0
I do not understand the people who say he doesn't care. OBVIOUSLY they did not talk to him or ask him any questions. If you are a good art student who works hard and takes pride and effort in what you do, he will notice you. Otherwise if you are in there to get an easy grade and don't care....he will notice you don't give a hoot so neither will he.,5.0,1.0
i loved mcbeth's class! he's a great guy who let's you take creative control of your own projects! get past the paper projects and this class is a blast! i will take him several more times! he also got me into a class i needed when everything else was closed!,5.0,1.0
No idea how he figures your grade. He never returned any graded items. We thought we would have A's, but he doesn't give alot of them and we have no idea what we did wrong. Nice guy, a little strange, but I liked him. He is always respectful of your work.,3.0,3.0
Do not take Mr. McBeth if you want to receive timely feedback, to actually use the textbook you spent good money to buy, to stay awake for lectures, to use three credit hours on a class which will actually help you accomplish something worthwhile. I came out of his class with a semester of frustration and a meaningless and far too easy A.,1.5,1.0
McBeth is easy going, and lots of fun. He isn't too task oriented, but expects things to get done. He's not like any teacher I've EVER had before. Take this man, not because his classes aren't difficult, but rather because if you choose not to, you'll be missing out on a great person, friend, and teacher.,4.0,2.0
McBeth is a strange, lovable person. Going into this class, I assumed that my time was being wasted, because of his "different" teaching style. I was wrong. In taking him for drawing, I became a better drawer. Recommended. He is easy, and easy to get along with,3.0,1.0
Great guy, Easy to get along with, he is willing to take his time to show you what you need to do and is very patient with those who dont. The class is great to take, lets you unwind from the other classes, Be ready to get messy. All he expects you to do is to try, and hopes that you get better. Excellent Teacher.,4.5,1.0
he is a nice guy.,4.5,2.0
I had McBeth for most of the art classes, but definitely ceramics is his passion. I think he has great ideas and is also a good listener.,4.0,2.0
Discussion group leader. NEVER was prepared, NEVER could generate good discussion. Also, was horrible about returning papers.,2.5,3.0
Boring!,2.0,1.0
Great class, and eyecandy to boot!,5.0,1.0
He is lazy, I have taken him for several courses, and learned nothing from him. Even if I tried to learn, nothing. You can do nothing and get a good grade though.,1.0,2.0
He doesn't know it all, but altleast he's willing to admit it.,5.0,2.0
McBeth is a great guy. Word of advice: Don't do as he demonstrates, do as he says. Be prepared to get dirty.,4.0,3.0
McBeth rocks. He's laid back, and lets you get creative with your projects. Also makes a good friend.,5.0,2.0
I agree- stick to ceramics with McBeth. It's not that he doesn't know what he's doing- he's a very accomplished/experienced artist. He just doesn't care. On the flip-side he's very approachable and friendly on a personal level.,2.0,1.0
I think you may want to stick to ceramics classes with this professor. I don't think he cares about much else.,2.5,2.0
Alright teacher...every once in a while he gets the point across.,2.5,2.0
Does not care if students learn. He is there for a paycheck, only. Basically, not worth it.,1.5,3.0
useless teacher...i learned nothing,1.0,5.0
This guy is conflicting. He's a professional at his job, but I felt like he just didn't care anymore & gave up some years ago. He was impossible to understand & never shared his notes, of which were great. I think he's just getting too old for this but won't give it up. He is a joker though and he's pretty funny.,1.0,5.0
Vihn long is the most skilled scholar currently teaching at UMaine-history depart. His expertise and teaching In the field of Asia makes me realize why i became a history major, to better examine our world. Hty 341/History of China, is a lecture heavy class graded on take-home 3 exams of 4 papers each, but his lectures are priceless and funny.,5.0,4.0
Ngo Vinh Long is an absolute legend and a master of academic craft. I am dumbfounded at these negative reviews... The professor delivers incredible lectures with extremely nuanced discussion. Not to mention he, himself, is a fascinating and respected academic figure. Also he and Noam Chomsky are buddies!,5.0,2.0
Case of wonderful person; terrible teacher. Three papers worth 25% of your grade, the other 25% is participation. The books are absolutely mandatory because that is how you will learn the material. Lectures are hard to follow along because there is no structure, but be prepared to answer questions. He expects you to know the assigned material.,2.0,5.0
Professor Long knows his subject, first hand and relates it well, as long as the student has a desire to listen, learn, and actively takes an interest in Professor Long's classes!!!,5.0,3.0
Long is an amazing scholar but a TERRIBLE professor. He reads off his powerpoints word for word in HTY107 every single class. However, the class is extremely easy. Three tests which he gives you the questions to before, and you can bring in a sheet of notes. Super easy but super boring. He's a super nice guy but hard to understand and just terrible,1.0,1.0
The best and worst prof at UMO. He's likely the best Viet. history professor in the US. Google him. He's fascinating for a history student in a high level class. If you don't take his Vietnam class you're missing a unique chance He's also bad teacher with an accent. Low level history reqs for non majors will be excruciating,2.5,2.0
Long's class on the Vietnam War is quite simply most interesting and fulfilling class I have ever taken in college. His lectures can be a little dry but he is actually really funny. He is the first to admit his accent is difficult to understand. If you are not interested in the course material it may be hard to push through, though.,4.5,5.0
Yes his accent is a little hard to understand, but the real issue for me was his teaching style. Every class involves him reading off of full pages of powerpoints word for word and is extremely boring. If you have a question, he will often answer by asking another question. The only good part of this class is that he hands out the test beforehand,2.0,4.0
Lectures were outrageously boring. I was genuinely interested in the material, but listening to him read a power point to us in monotone for 50 mins strait felt like torture. Nonetheless, the exams were easy because he gives u the topics b4 hand so u just need 2 do a little research the night b4 and you'll be fine, even if you didn't attend much.,2.0,1.0
I took this course as an elective (I am in MEE). The professor is very knowledgeable and slips some humor into the lectures, but has a thick accent. Honestly, I went to half the lectures, but even then, this course was much harder than expected. DO NOT take this course unless you plan on attending ALL the lectures.,1.5,5.0
When I took his HTY 107 class it was not easy to follow every word that he was saying, but he was articulate enough that, if you were actually paying close attention, you could retain a good amount of the material. I decided to take his 400 level class on US-Vietnamese Relations and I have to say that it was brilliantly thought-provoking.,4.5,3.0
Very hard to understand. Class is painful and long. Is funny and has a good sense of humor. If you take this class sit in the front row so you can hear and understand him!!!!!!!!!!!,2.0,5.0
Students who complain about him are the ones you will see flipping burgers at Mcdonalds next year. Professor Long believes in self motivation and indipendant self study. If you like that than go for his classes if you want to slack off why go to college? He is the best professor I have had here at U Maine. Listen to him you will learn a lot.,4.5,3.0
I am taking 442 right now. This guy has to be the biggest catch 22 at UMaine. He is insanely knowledgeable about the topic but he has no idea how to teach. He also is almost impossible to understand, very thick accent. Mumbles and uh uh uh's a lot. He just reads texts and has NO class participation. Same lectures everyday. Easy grader though.,2.0,1.0
His low-level classes pretty much stink, but his 400-level classes are great. With small classes he was very laid-back, let us out early, etc. He does little actual teaching, though, be prepared because in his 400-level courses you basically read the texts and teach yourself the material. Only take his classes if you really like the subject.,3.0,4.0
I wanna give this guy the benefit of the doubt, because I think he is a smart guy, but man...his accent is impossible. Mumbles too, couldn't hear a word so I just never went to class...ever. Didn't buy the text either, but still got an A thanks to my good friend Wikipedia...easy class, but don't even bother attending, it's worthless to go.,2.0,1.0
The textbook assignments aren't worth wasting your time on; the book is only useful for researching the test questions. Lectures were often useful in understanding what Professor Long thinks about George W. Bush's policies, but were often useless otherwise. However, to his credit, Professor Long is clearly very intelligent and knowledgeable.,2.5,4.0
I took East Asian Civ with Professor Long and enjoyed it a lot. A lot of people in this class where turned off by his soft voice and accent, but the good news is that he does not take attendance and his tests are pretty much open book. Professor long himself is extremely smart (first Vietnamese to go to Harvard) and not to mention very nice.,3.0,2.0
He's a nice guy, but I can't understand half the things he says which makes me not want to pay attention.,1.0,4.0
Um...okay. So...this class is not hard - all you have to do is get the essay questions before hand and research them. Easy A. As for lectures...unless you are really accustomed to accents, you will not understand a thing he says. My advice? take the class for an easy A - do your own work.,2.0,2.0
It's unfortunate that UMaine students don't take advantage of one of the world's leading Vietnamese historians. That's not an exaggeration, either. Prof. Long is one of few historians in the world fluent in English and Vietnamese. Lectures can be tedious, but his class is in no way difficult if one keeps up on the reading assignments.,3.0,1.0
Class is unbelievably hard for a 100-level course. Far too much material to cover, classes completely irrelevant to the tests, and expectations are not clearly outlined. Can study for hours and still only get a C. On top of it all, Long's accent coupled with his soft speech makes it impossible to follow what he's saying.,1.0,4.0
Taught the class to the Asian kids in the front row. Ignored raised hands of non-Asian students. Blackboard writing looked like chicken scratch. Accent incomprehensible.,1.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,1.0
I thoroughly enjoyed Professor Long, I ended up with a minor in Asian History only because of him. When I had him, there was no TA! We were on our own, got an A in every class.,4.5,3.0
Long's accent makes him hard to understand in his lectures. The book is extremely dry. The lecture's can be dull at times, but he always has unexpected moments of humor and story. He is brillant and very kind. The TA is wonderful as well. I got a high grade unexpectedly, in the end.,4.5,2.0
good, easy teacher. A bit hard to understand at first but once you get use to his humor and get over his accent, you can learn alot about asian history. For what the man has gone through in his past, I am very suprised so few students take advantage of his knowledge. highly recommended.,3.5,1.0
Class cured me of any interest in Asian history. While Long is certainly intelligent his lectures are droning and generally not as worth attending as he would have you believe. Still, reasonably easy to complete the exams and without a doubt a very brilliant man.,2.5,2.0
The only reason I was able to pass this class was with the help of the TA the class before the test. Long may be very smart, but as a lecturer I found him frustrating and incomprehensible. I went to every class but consistently was still lost in unexplained subject matter...,1.0,4.0
Long is one of the most insightful teachers that I have had at this university. He is sometimes hard to understand, it is fine if you sit near the front. He obviously knows what he is talking about. He always comes to class prepared, and links together important topics. His tests are tough but fair.,4.0,4.0
Very smart, however has trouble getting thoughts across. Once you understand and get used to his style you learn a lot. I have taken two classes and they don't get harder, you just learn how to process his knowledge.Knows what he is talking, a true expert,3.5,4.0
He may be highly intelligent, but a teacher he is not. That is what we are evaluating here. He stands up on his little soapbox and mutters a bunch or unorganized thoughts without ever tying them together or making sense of them.,1.0,4.0
If you're looking to waste 50 minutes 3 times a week this is the way to go. The most unorganized, unconcerned, and detached professor I have had.,1.0,4.0
This class is awful! He has no idea what he is rambling about, which doesn't really matter considering the fact that you can't hear him if you are in the front row, let alone the third or fourth. This class was a waste of time and money.,1.0,4.0
This is the worst class I have ever taken. No matter how close to the front I sit I can't hear or understand him. His lectures are unorganized and incoherent and he doesn't come to class very often. Waste of time.,1.0,4.0
His teaching style can be characterized by constant rambling and regurgitation of unexplained subject matter. He would also rather talk at you than talk to you.,1.0,4.0
How anyone could call him one of the finest minds in American Academics is beyond me, however this is the same person that does not captilize sentences and uses the non-word ain't. This guy may be intelligent but his teaching skills are atrocious.,1.0,4.0
brilliant. genuinely one of the finest minds in American academics. if you ain't learning then yes blame the accent, blame the quiet voice, whatever, but that is your fault- Long is brilliant!,4.5,3.0
This was a GREAT course, requiring lots of effort and individual research and thinking. He paints broad pictures and students need to fill a lot in. His teaching style is not so great, but his insights, knowledge, and experience made his class incredible.,4.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,3.0
Did not actually teach, let the students lead class discussions,1.0,4.0
Smart man. Poor teaching skills.,1.0,4.0
Talks very quietly. He'd be better off talking TO THE CLASS rather than TO THE PODIUM. He mumbles and stutters too much to get his point across (if there is a point?) He's obviously a genius, but his class is NO fun.,1.0,5.0
Unorganized, poor testing procedures made for poor quality classes.,1.0,3.0
I have learned so much from this man. I have taken all but one class that he teaches. He is very funny. I highly recomend his class on Vietnam. Insightful.,4.5,4.0
I find myself tearing my hair out during the many flashbacks I have had pertaining to his terrible class.,1.0,4.0
Difficult to derive anything from his teachings and otherwise significant events are absent from the exams. Avoid this class like the plague.,1.0,4.0
This guy would be better served in another capacity. Teaching is not his thing.,1.0,4.0
Rambunctious little man with no respect for any point of view othr than his own. Bring an interpreter to class.,1.0,5.0
Hard to understand, mostly just spouts insanely left-wing views. For tests, just wants his own opinions (NO FACTS!!) spit back at him and even then you're lucky to pull a C. This is easily the worst teacher I've ever had, I didn't learn a thing.,1.0,5.0
Very much a leftist, mumbles when he teaches the class, very clear when talking about bombing the White House. Unclear on grading.,1.0,4.0
Lengthy exams, but grades easy; lectures difficult but sometimes interesting.,2.5,2.0
Ocassionally difficult to understand, sit near the front,3.5,3.0
Hard to understand, but has good stories. Also a hard grader, but knowledgeable,3.0,4.0
He knows alot about his subject but can be a bit hard to follow,3.5,3.0
Best to meet him for office hours.,4.5,2.0
Very smart,hard to follow.tends to lean left, but tells great stories,2.5,4.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
good class! this man knows his stuff and has a ton of great stories to tell!!!,4.0,2.0
Never take this class. Boring book, and no flow to the lectures,1.5,4.0
Speaks low and fast, hard to understand. Confusing class.,2.0,4.0
A heart of gold but a fist of stone.,2.5,5.0
great prof.,5.0,3.0
HARSH grader. Feels impossible to get an A on anything, even discussion posts. She gave D grades on discussions for missing one thing. No study guide is provided for the mid-term/final, even though it requires you to answer essay questions from articles weeks back. TONS of reading. Multiple books, plus articles every week. Not set up for success.,1.0,5.0
I have had Dr. Eller for a couple of classes and they are for sure difficult. It seems no matter if you take and apply all of her feedback, you still will not make above a B on any assignment. Gave me a 19/20 on most discussion posts... and no feedback on why I got one point taken off. Just frustrating after you spend so much time reading.,2.0,5.0
Unless you absolutely have to have this class, do not take it. It is a lot of lecture material that will require a lot of time. You have discussion posts due each week, one page summaries (tons of those), a big project due at the end, and a midterm and final, which is very content heavy. She is a tough grader and not worth the stress overall.,1.0,4.0
The reading never stops and the grades are hard-earned. I would not take this unless you are willing to take tests over 8 or more long articles at a time, plus several chapters. It was truly overwhelming to keep up with all of the reading material. She seems to not give full credit on anything. Want an A? Don't take her class.,1.0,4.0
I took her online class and it is the most work I have ever done for a class. Textbook and other reading required. Papers and discussions every week and OC papers are required. She is retired so she has nothing else better to do than grade very harshly. I would recommend never taking her class if you have anything else in your life than school.,1.0,4.0
I've taken Dr Eller for two online classes. She assigns many journal articles and text chapters so you have to read a LOT to be prepared. Usually only tests are a midterm and final which are VERY hard. Mostly essay questions that you need to connect back to the reading. You will learn a lot though.,4.0,4.0
Her class is not hard at all. The problem is that her method of grading is ridiculous. For two different sections we would have to do the same thing. But the grades would be so different from each other. Her class is the online class that I ever gotten less than a B on for a discussion post.,2.0,2.0
The class I took was seminar-based, not lecture-heavy. I feel the lecturing Dr. Eller did was lacking in depth and quality of commentary. She gave out multiple long articles a week for us to read. Many of the articles had a social justice, leftist tint to them, and weren't concrete academic social science.,1.0,3.0
She gives so many papers and you will have to read to many articles. The tests are unfair. She is a mediocre teacher and you will be so bored in her class.,2.0,5.0
Dr. Eller is irreverent, hilarious, and brilliant, but she will make you work, think, and Read. Her lectures kept everyone tuned in. You may feel like a brick has hit you in the head and later want to thank her. Take her if you came to college for a reason, just don't be a slacker.,4.5,5.0
Taking a course from Dr. Eller is akin to having your brain cracked open everyday. She will break you down and build you up, she expects you to work on the courseload as hard as she has. Don't waste her time, or yours, if you aren't dedicated to learning the subject matter.,3.5,5.0
Very difficult professor.Would often give low grades w/ little input.Never satisfied,never gave positive feedback.Save yourself the heartache & take a different professor.,1.5,5.0
This was an online course, never met teacher face to face.Work was lengthy and difficult.Worked exceptionally hard on long assignments,rarely made above a "C" even though I complied w/ her expectations. Gave us 30 mins for 50 questions on midterm. Many students expressed frustrations in regards to her difficulty level! A waste of hardwork!,2.0,5.0
If you're one of those slacker's who thinks gender and deviance will be easy don't waste her time. she's too smart and cool for that. if you want eye opening lectures eller is awesome. she's comical too. probably my favorite class ever.,4.5,5.0
She's one the best I had while at MTSU.,5.0,4.0
Hard work, but she will go way out of her way to help you be sucessful in her class,5.0,3.0
Her class was AWESOME!!!,5.0,4.0
No Comments,4.5,3.0
LOTS of reading and understanding, but she is a great prof and very entertaining.,3.5,4.0
Great professor, you will work but will learn a lot!,4.5,4.0
A true class act. Good professor and advisor when I was there years back. If you make an effort with him you will be satisfied with your grade. His exams can be tough sometimes but he curves and you wont fail if you just put the effort in. Overall very fair professor,5.0,3.0
One of my favorites. It's really nice to get a perspective on what you need to know from someone who's actually out there in the real world, and being successful.,4.5,3.0
Made an accounting class an easy A by telling excessive stories about his various businesses, assigning hardly any homework, and giving tests that were definition based.,2.0,2.0
Very interesting class. Although Mr. Balch does like to brag a lot, he has very interesting stories related to the field. Tests are easy and homework is not graded.,2.5,4.0
Awesome professor, always telling stories (related and not related to accounting)about himself to keep you interested. I always looked forward to going to class!,4.0,1.0
hes a really great teacher. i learned SO much from him. he lets you out of class early and he has the most random stories. funny man. gotta have a sense of humor with him. best teacher!!! highly recommended,5.0,2.0
hes a great teacher. learned a lot from him. has very random stories tho,5.0,2.0
Best professor ever,5.0,2.0
such an easy class... laid back prof... i had no trouble at all getting an A..,4.5,1.0
good guy, knows his stuff. S-R,4.0,2.0
No Comments,3.0,2.0
A very amusing professor, he made the material interesting and easy to understand. His personal life seems REALLY sketchy.,4.0,3.0
I LOVE THIS MAN!!! He's so easy going and learning does happen, with his interesting real-life stories to relate with the course.,4.5,1.0
I can't believe this guy is teaching 400 level. Only thing I am going to trust him to do is to hit on coeds.,1.0,1.0
He only gives take home tests and rarely teaches. Just make sure you are on his good side and you will do well.,1.0,2.0
He is simply terrible. If you are looking for an A, take him. If you actually care about learning something, avoid him. For auditing, just study for yourself. He cannot teach a thing except for bigotry, sexism and good ol boy system.,1.0,1.0
Very funny guy who starts off every class with some kind of joke. Tests are multiple choice and he curves like a champ!,4.0,1.0
the best accounting teacher here. MAkes the material understandable and simple for students,5.0,2.0
simply the best. does everything he can to make you learn the material and make sure you succeed. He was the man.,5.0,3.0
Very thorough and clear. Very nice guy and very helpful. the best accounting teacher here,5.0,2.0
Outstanding teacher and person. Best accounting teacher at the school.,5.0,3.0
He's a wonderful professor who is willing to help out whether the issue is class related or not. Hilarious guy who makes the time pass so quickly you don't even realize you're learning stuff. Everyone should try to get into this class,5.0,2.0
He is the man! He is so hilarious and he genuinely cares about his students.,5.0,4.0
Awesome teacher, his stories are kewl and funny. Great advisor, when hes around,5.0,1.0
Great class, Fun, Learn, and have more fun!!!,5.0,3.0
He's an intelligent funny guy that cares about what he's teaching and has always wanted to help me but gives very tough assignments. It's best that I showed up to his classes because he's tough when it comes to attendance but thankfully class was interesting.,3.5,4.0
He's a great lecturer and does a good job explaning the material. BUT, he shows no mercy when grading written assignments. Philosophy is a subject that's open for interpretation but Saul is a very biased grader. However, the multiple choice exams are pretty easy as long as you read. Says he's willing to help but can be very nasty seeking advice.,3.0,3.0
He is a good teacher. He explains the material well and in the end of each class, we have a little quiz. The answers are mostly on the board. Be sure to take notes because it will be hard to pass without them. There are only 3 exams throughout the whole course so be sure you want to take the class.,4.0,3.0
He drops a letter grade after missing 3 or more classes (Legit excuses he doesn't count).,5.0,2.0
Saul knows how to keep every lecture interesting and engaging. An immediately like-able guy with a vast amount of knowledge on his subject. He even went out of his way to help me on project I had for another class that was sort of related to philosophy. Take one of his classes before he retires; you won't regret it.,5.0,3.0
He's a really good professor. He's thoughtful and intelligent, and he's funny. Every class there's a mini quiz to ensure attendance (something like "write something that's on the board", they're simple). Honestly, you have to come to class to do well. He's good at lecturing, and appreciates class discussions. You actually have to try in this class.,4.0,4.0
This guy was ridiculous. I went to him for help and he looked at me like I had 5 heads. Hes an extremely tough grader when it comes to his papers. Every class I would walk out with a headache because its nonsense what he teaches. It makes no sense. If youre looking to skate, dont take him. If you do take him, buy a bottle of Advil, youll need it.,1.5,5.0
He will set you up for failure, he says that if you go to him for help he will help you but when you do, he just stares at you like you have 5 heads. You're better off teaching yourself philosophy.,2.5,4.0
Logic is a tough class & I was actually doing great in it. Got A's on the 1st 2 tests & had an A for attendance quizzes. He even told me I was a bright student, but his 3rd test was 50% which is ridiculous. I had an A in the class & I ended up failing the 3rd test and getting a C in the class overall. A test shouldn't be 50% Finals aren't even 50%.,5.0,4.0
Pretty interesting class. He's not at all a hard grader. He actually bases his grades on a very lenient system. I believe an 87-100 is an A. I did not particularly like philosophy but I got an A and I learned some stuff in his class. I'd recommend it. He's smart and he always tries to help you understand.,4.0,2.0
There are "quizzes" given every class (to ensure you come, theyre easy). 3 grades : 25% for exam 1 (a paper) but he gives you ample time to do it. & clearly goes through everything he wants included. Dont wait until last min to start it (I got a 94). Exam 2: 25% & Exam 3: 50%, gives you study guides & answers. if you fail, ITS YOUR OWN FAULT,4.5,4.0
Prof. Kelton is a fantastic professor, he breaks down complicated material in a way that is understandable. Logic is not an easy subject, it is very abstract and difficult to grasp at times. There will be three tests including the final exam, he is a very fair grader and curves appropriately depending on the classes performance. Take this class!,4.5,3.0
Professor Kelton is a great professor. Any question you have he will stop and answer it with no problem. The class was easy for me because I took notes, asked questions and went to him for help. He wants you to come to him for help and he embraces it. The class is very fun and even more fun if you're a really deep thinker.,5.0,2.0
Useless class. is a very nice guy but isn't even a class, only had three tests including final exam. DONT TAKE !!!!!!!,1.0,5.0
HORRIBLE GRADER !!! Only three tests .,2.0,5.0
Very fascinating man, overall a good professor. Class consists of three exams, Saul is a very hard grader on written exams. Saul lectures in a clear tone and makes philosophy fundamentals seem easy to grasp. His exams are designed for all students who attend his classes regularly easy to ace. Attendance is mandatory, missing class hurts final grade,5.0,3.0
Prof. Kelton is a wonderful philosophy teacher. I learned so much from this class, and I'm not going to lie, this class is hard but all you need to do is to take meticulous notes and listen to his lectures. You get three exams, one paper and a midterm and a final. He gives you a study guide, make sure to do them 100%, if you do, you'll get an A.,4.0,3.0
Prof. K is super "cool" and can be tough. But as long as you copy down "everything" he talks about -- that's his tests - though difficult. I was lucky that I was from his generation.,3.5,3.0
Just a hard class, don't take it unless it's a requirement in your major.,2.0,5.0
attendance is mandatory, so even if you are the kind of person who does their work, and studies their course info, but misses class often do not take this class. Your final grade consists of 3 grades, 1st exam 25% (4-5 pg ppr. written at home) 2nd exam 25%- 65 MCQs. 3rd Final Exam 50% 65 MCQs. It sucks for me big time, doesn't work for me.,3.0,4.0
overall he is good! but his tests are very tough. not recommended for lazy students and students who wish for an easy A. it requires hard work!,3.5,3.0
I knew nothing of philosophy before taking his class (after Intro I took Ethics as well), I'm now majoring in it a four-year school. Lectures are great, just the right amount of lecturing and student participation. He basically gives you all of the test questions, so it's pretty easy, but you should still attend every class, because it's fun.,5.0,2.0
He's a nice guy and his lectures are interesting but they are not all that relevant to his tests. His tests take the whole class. They are very difficult. The easiest test is the final. If you want to pass this class you have to read the book, pay attention, do his reviews, and take excellent notes. Attendance is mandatory for a good grade.,2.0,4.0
Very helpful, clear, funny, and likeable. Definitely recommend him for philosophy. Concepts may be difficult to grasp but he will make sure that you understand. As long as you ask any questions you have, and pay attention and take notes, you'll be ok.,5.0,3.0
Kelton is a great professor, but you need a work ethic and regular attendance. 1st thing you must know is 3 unexcused absences=drop in letter grade. He is always willing to accommodate students, curves each tests, and evens gives you the answers. His class can get boring, but you can gain a lot of wisdom from his class. I will miss this class.,4.5,3.0
Great professor,5.0,2.0
Kelton is awesome, a very very great professor, he explains really clear and if u need any extra help he is always there, his exams arent that hard if u study and take notes everything is based on his notes, I really loved his class, he gives u knowledge, makes u participate in class think philosophical, and he is just cool he ROCKS,5.0,2.0
I was worried about taking this professor, but I was definitely wrong. He is clear in what needs to get done and he makes class really fun and interesting. I love that there is not a lot of work, but what you do is important for learning & your grade. Saul Kelton is a funny, smart professor & philosophy can be tough but interesting! Great class!,5.0,3.0
Great professor. Philosophy is a difficult topic to understand, but he makes it great. I loved coming to class and engaging in discussions. Seems very passionate about teaching and always helps clarify things. Overall, he was a great professor. Class always flew by so quick because he kept it so interesting. Highly recommend taking him...,5.0,3.0
Great teacher. Very humorous, enmgaging and informative,4.5,3.0
Kelon's class was really great to have. He knows his stuff and always plays devil's advocate with the class to get people to think. Averages 3 exam grades over the course of the semester. A nice guy and a great professor.,4.5,2.0
Took him twice, once for intro philosophy and once for Logic. If you pay attention there is no reason why you'll get a bad grade. He's pretty clear in his lessons. Both of the classes I've taken with Kelton have prepared me for much more challenging philosophy courses at Rutgers.,4.5,3.0
Nice guy but not a single person got an A in the class. I along with another kid got a B and I am a straight A student. My GPA is not 4.0 anymore and this was the last class I needed to graduate. I can still go to Rutgers but won't be able to apply for perfect GPA scholarships. I should've dropped his class but I thought he'd give someone an A,1.0,5.0
Had prof.Kelton in 2000 and I'm still grateful. The classes were hard but anything valuable is. Some of my current interests and readings benefit greatly from saul's classes (Phil and ethics) and from the diversity of the students. I recommend investing in the class cuz when again do you have those discussions?,4.5,3.0
Kelton is a nice guy, but he is not clear on what he's teaching. I had to drop his class because it was way too hard.,1.5,5.0
Kelton was a nice guy, but he doesn't teach anything at all. His tests are extremely hard as hell. Thank god, I dropped his class b/c had I stayed, I would have been burnt out.,1.5,5.0
Great class! Yes you have to work for a good grade so disregard those that post here about how unfair he is and so on for those are people that wanted to be handed a grade that they didn't deserve. Professor Kelton makes great use of class time with both lecture and some multi-media while allowing a fair and open forum. Take him and work hard!,5.0,3.0
horrible proff ask for help and he will just answer in riddles took him in the summer and he failed me even when i tryed my hardest to stay after and understand the material,1.0,5.0
such a smart man, he really knows what hes talking about. he keeps the class interesting with debates and open discussions. the material is not exactly easy, you do have to work hard to get a good grade in the class. hes a good professor though. i'm taking him again next semester,4.5,2.0
The class itself I very much enjoyed. I wasn't thrilled with the grades I received, especially on my essay, but that doesn't mean the grading was not fair. I'm taking this professor again either way, it's entertaining to debate with him during class.,4.0,2.0
the most unfair teacher ever dont take it unless you want to get an F,1.0,5.0
if you are trying to get a better GPA then dont take him he picks favorites and hardly gives out A'S even if you are deserving very horrible person,2.5,5.0
not a good teacher . dont take him unless you are not open minded. if you dont agree with him he fails you. sad excuse for a teacher. worst ONE IN MCC STAY AWAY,1.0,5.0
he is by far the most worst teacher ever he is not clear at all and he bases everything on an essay and midterm you fail one your done. i went to him to ask him about my essay he told me i would be fine and then failed me. he is no help dont bother talking this class you have to agree with everything he says in order to pass.,1.0,5.0
He is a horrible professor, I do not suggest taking him for any class. He's a hard grader and is not very clear in any of his lectures. He gives a quiz every class to make sure you go and it doesn't even count for anything, only if you dont show it lowers your grade by one letter. Overall he sucks!!,1.5,5.0
Do yourself a favor and don't bother taking this class. He is a very harsh grader that likes to take away from your grade. He is cold and has no feelings for students. I have went to his office for help,and all he told me is i don't know how to help you.Take another class to reduce your stress level.,1.0,5.0
Attendance is mandatory. If your absent more than three times you fail. He is very picky on the paper he assignes. i went to his office hours for help and all he did was criticise my paper instead of giving me ideas to improve it. His so called "quizes" are only attendance they don't count so your only stuck with a paper and 2 exams.,1.5,4.0
Very harsh grader when it comes to the paper which counts as an exam. you need a certain amount of lines in order to get a grade higher than a D. I was off by 2 lines because I had gone through and made some last minute changes to improve on the paper and he gave me a D! I also found him to be unapproachable. he seemed to like the suck ups best,3.0,3.0
awesome guy. at first he's hard to get used to but it just takes some paying attention. he's helpful and available to any questions. he loves a good discussion which always happened during class. TAKE HIM and ignore the negative comments this man is brilliant,3.5,4.0
I honestly didn't think I would like him or the class, however it was pretty great. I actually learned a lot and it truly wasn't boring. The tests are a straight from the notes and some from the book, but he gives a review sheet ahead of time with topics he will ask and the page numbers. Overall, I enjoyed the class.,5.0,2.0
Honestly one of the best professors i have had yet. You really have to pay attention and if you do it will pay off really quickly. His tests(3 total) are simple but make sure that you dont make stupid errors cause he doesnt overlook anything. He also curves the entire classes grade to all hell. one test i had a 73 counted as a B. RECOMMENDED!!!!!!!,5.0,2.0
almost didnt take him because of the reviews on here - dont listen to them.. this guys awesome & his class is pretty chill, just dont miss class & study the review sheets,4.0,2.0
I had always wanted to take a philosophy course until I realized Kelton was the only professor who taught it. I almost didnt take him bc of the reviews on here - DONT LISTEN TO THEM! this guys awesome.. attendance is mandatory, but the class is pretty chill,4.0,2.0
Very Good,5.0,3.0
I wouldn't recommend. He is constantly referring to himself in third person. When he uses examples of bad morals, he puts words into our mouths and assumes that everyone thinks that way.,2.0,2.0
He uses letters when speaking instead of words (example- instead of moral principle he would say MP) so he is extremely confusing and expects everyone to know what all of his abbreviations mean. He repeats himself all the time- tells the same stories and he is always calling on people when they don't expect it so you have to listen at all times.,2.5,2.0
Had him for ethics. Awesome professor and a really nice man. I got an A in his class. It wasn't that hard to do because he goes over everything that's going to be on the test and even gives you most of the questions and answers. He just changes the wording because he wants to make sure you're thinking. Also, no paper which was great! Recommend him!,4.0,2.0
Saul is an awesome professor. I chose to go to school and get a job as being a professor because of him. Not only only are his classes great, but he is the nicest man around. I miss his classes!,4.5,4.0
Saul is great. If you don't have much interest in philosophy, he'll definitely get you hooked. Failure to get the grade you want is your own fault. He is more than fair with the way he grades exams and papers. Give a little effort and you'll see a lot in return.,4.0,3.0
THIS PROFESSOR IS FAIR BUT HE DOESN'T GIVE EXTRA CREDIT.I TRIED HARD IN HIS CLASS AND HE COULDN'T GIVE ME 2 POINTS FOR A C!SO YOU JUDGE HIM.,3.5,4.0
Professor Kelton is the best!! His tests are a little hard, but he is the greatest professor. If you dont understand something he definitely explain it. He gives a study guide prior to the test. If you fail his class, its your own fault! He even gives you most of the answers to the study guide. I cant believe people fail his class. He is the best!!,5.0,3.0
He is a hard professor, and his classes are tough too. But he is probably one of the best professors at middlesex that I have ever had. He makes sure you understand the information, but if you do not study the information at home you might not do well. The class itself is hard, but he is a really great professor.,4.0,5.0
one of my favorites so far! smart..funny..and interesting teacher! his tests are very clear and direct..if you study his notes and review sheet..you will have no problem! he is not at all a hard grader..u either do well or you don't..you earn ur own grade..u study or you don't..thats all ther is to it..wish i could take him again!! a+++++,5.0,3.0
GREAT PROFESSOR THAT IS CLEAL AND HELPFUL, BUT CAN SOMETIMES BE A HARD GRADER IN HIS WRITTEN EXAMS, TAKE NOTES AND YOU SOULD BE ALRIGHT DESERVED A BETTER GRADE,4.5,3.0
currently in his class..i love him! i think he is very clear on what he expects from you..and the the only way you will fail a test is if you dont study. funny, interesting, and knows his stuff! great professor..anyone that complained about him is just lazy! lol..iam def a fan of Saul!!!,4.5,3.0
If you are not one of his favorites, he won't give you a fair grade. I missed his class for health reasons, and he didn't want to hear it (even though I had a note from my doctor). God forbid you do not agree with him...even though it is philosophy class!,1.0,3.0
His class is HARD. But if I didnt have him as a teacher I would have been lost. His tests are also not easy, but hell give u opprotunitys to gain points back through extra credit assignments. The mos important point I have is, show up to his class if u dont ull be lost, The book is no help, so the only way to pass is show up and pay attenion.,4.5,3.0
The class wasnt what I was expecting but he was a pretty good teacher. Although sometimes he would get confused when students would ask a tough question. If you take this class you need to attend. Its like an algebra class you cant just read the book.,4.0,3.0
Go to class. do well on your 3 exams and thats all there is to it. Unfortunately this class is merely a scope of wat philosophy is...take it and you'll see Saul is very harsh in grading.,3.0,4.0
I still miss his classes till this very day. I absolutely love philosophy, but he is one of the reasons I decided to declare it as my major. Don't take his classes if you don't want or aren't equipped to think.,5.0,3.0
saul is very funny and mellow. HE IS OPEN TO DISCUSSION of what he is teaching. He will keep you entertained throughout every class with his hilarius style of teaching and frequent use of personal examples. Attendance is a must, if you miss 3 classes your grade will be lowered an entire letter grade.,4.5,4.0
He's great, but HARD! You will need to pay attention and take notes for Logic with him. Entertaining though, and a nice guy. Attendence isn't required but if you want to pass, you better get a friend to give you good notes. he was fun, had good classmates with him and he really got me thinking a different way. He will help you if you need it too!,4.5,5.0
I disagree with the whole"Thinking what he wants you to think".I try to argue with him at least once a class and he's only called me out once all semester and even then he said he was sorry after class.He's a great teacher and keeps you on your toes.Attendance is a must though.For your own sake though.If you miss a class, there's alot you can miss.,4.5,1.0
Keep on truckin' Kelton! Blew my mind at certain points, made me think differently about many things. His class is pure brain food. Snapaholic, if there was a 12 step program for snapple he'd be in it. GREAT teacher!,5.0,3.0
professor is great. He made social Psychology very intersesting. 3 exams he gives u study guides n those questions are the same ones that are on the test. clear, fun, easy very mellow guy. strict attendence policy. u take quizzes on stupid things at the end of each class n if u miss 3 of these quizzes ur semester grade drops ONE letter grade.,5.0,1.0
big part of grade is"participation in class discussions". Translation: "agree with my politics or fail my course." his mantra of "thinking is allowed" turns out to have the addendum: "...so long as you think what I want you to." anything else will get you yelled at in front of the class. easy if you don't think. at all.,3.5,2.0
I had him 20 years ago and still think back to all I learned from him!,5.0,3.0
Saul Kelton ROCKSS!!! TAKE HIM hes awesommmee !!!! the best teacher at mcc.. 3 tests and he emails you review sheets which is the exact test he gives you!! hes the man !! i love saul :) hes a cute old guy but you have to go to class if u take him..everyday is a "quiz" 3 missed quizes and 10 points off ur grade. example draw a chicken for todays qui,5.0,3.0
I'm actually currently enrolled in prof Kelton's class. I had prior interest in the subject, so I find this class to be really fun. Prof Kelton so far always stops and answers your questions and is very patient. I like the class so much I'm already considering on taking logic or ethics.,4.5,3.0
Not bad, I almost failed but realized I should study his review sheet instead of thinking I knew it all. Just study his REVIEW SHEET AND YOU PASS. He gives you all the questions on it, you find the answers, and thats whats on the test. Good guy.,4.5,2.0
Stay away!!!!! HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!... I had him and I thought I was doing well until final grades were submitted... I got an F... He never mentioned to me that I was failing. I believe he failed me because I did not use his exact wording on tests... This guys need to retire!,1.0,4.0
he is a great teacher as long as you study his review sheet and come to class regularly you would do good in his class. His exams are based on his review sheet. study his review sheet and you would pass with an A,5.0,2.0
Awesome professor! He is very knowledgeable and funny in class lectures. He makes class challenging and interesting. I highly recommend taking his class for any subject.,5.0,1.0
he gave 2 tests and an oral presentationon one of the topics in the book. the way he teaches is awesome, i barely had to study for his tests because i remembered everything he said in lecture. take him hes a great guy!,5.0,1.0
nice guy. made class interesting. tests were a little tricky but if you study you'll do fine.,5.0,4.0
STAY AWAY AT ALL MEANS NECCESSARY,2.5,4.0
He is a great teacher. His exams are easy as long as you Study the Review Sheet he gives and goes over in class.,4.0,1.0
do not take this guy's classes. in philosophy, he goes way too fast n its impossible to understand the material, and i dont even think he should be teaching any psych courses- its a waste of time. all he wants to do is force his own opinions on you, and if u have a different one than him, he changes the subject and wont talk about it,1.0,5.0
I think he expects a little too much from his students. If you misinterpreted the material, he gave you no leeway. Philosophy can be a little confusing and I think he should understand that a little more, especially with the essays.,2.5,4.0
very cool dude, mad smart and funny too..... for some reason is always drinking a snapple, tolerant to high kids too,5.0,3.0
Had him in 2003. Tough teacher, even though you fully understand the work he wants his exact wording on tests and homework. Heard he is much harder in Philosphy so for an elective I suggest taking social psychology instead.,3.5,1.0
I graduated mcc & kelton was my inspiration. He ALWAYS answers ur Q's, even if it takes the whole class. But he isn't for slackers. U have to be interested in psych and want to learn otherwise you'll struggle. If psych is ur major, take him he's unforgettable. ps be sure 2 study his review sheets!,5.0,3.0
excellent teacher, enthusiastic, knowledgeble, he reviews everything what is going to on the tests. i loved his classes!!!!!,5.0,2.0
Do yourself a favor, avoid this professor,1.0,5.0
He is a bum who is stealing the education of students..he should be fired.....he's ignorant and always talks about sex having sex with thier own siblings....very dissapointed...,1.0,3.0
Nice man. Willing 2 help. Explains lessons thoroughly & nobody should have a hard time understanding, unless they don't study or pay attention. I think whoever thinks he's boring, unfortunately, is confusing him with the subject. Teachers shouldn't be blamed for the students' laziness.,5.0,4.0
Very nice and interesting of course if your into what you are learning. His tests are not the easiest but you have a multiple choice mid-term and final and 1 essays throughout the whole semester and gives you study sheets so you know what is on the test & he curves the grades,5.0,3.0
the worst teacher at MCC..do your self a favor and not take him...he should be fired because he obviously doesn't know what he is doing!!!!!!!!!!!,1.0,5.0
He was very boring, but he is very fair and helpful.His class was to hard to follow ,I didn't know what he was saying.,3.5,4.0
boringggggggggg..,1.5,3.0
he's good but a lil psycho. help students upto some extent... over all okk. wont take him again :) to be honest with you i got a C in his class may be thas why i dun like him.. :)but i would suggest taking someone else and if no one else teaching take him,3.5,2.0
Good professor, makes class interesting, also has a good sense of humor. Makes you think.,5.0,4.0
Teaches Philosophy Sociology Ethics and Logic...good professor but HARD grader, he does tell you what he wants on his tests but your essays better be flawless. Willing to help at anytime, just ask him to explain, he will.,4.0,3.0
He is a great teacher, he is willing to help you. Gives you exam questions ahead of time and will talk to you about them. Logic was a little bit harder but still entertaining. If you study a little don't worry about failing.,5.0,3.0
One of the best teachers at Middlesex. First class I had that actually made me think and not memorize. He is extremely clear about the assignments and what is expected of you. I loved going to his class and thinking about what we discussed at home.,5.0,4.0
SOC PSYCH, was like a philosophy course. More difficult! Advise you take Internet social psych, it was better and easier, no driving!Had to write essays only, applicable to book reading. Like philosophy? Take him! Nice nice man! Though!,2.0,5.0
Very unclear with what kind of work he expects from you. If you have to take his class, just make sure you ask him to verify everything.,1.5,3.0
Had him for logic but liked him so much I sat in his philo class as well. Always considers your ideas, not dogmatic. You will actually see him think in class and tell you why your idea is good or bad, & uses reason to convince you, not threats. Excellent!,5.0,2.0
I didn't think he explained the work well,1.5,4.0
He is a great teacher, class is always fun and interesting.,5.0,3.0
Quiz on every class but supreme easy coz u can copy the answer from the chalkboard.,5.0,1.0
Nice guy. His tests are a bit hard and you have to study to pass the class even though he gives you the questions and some answers ahead of time. He also curses in class, which is always fun.,4.5,3.0
This is the ONLY class I ever dropped. Total non-sense. The teacher is a nice guy and knowledgable too. I just could not handle it. If you hate math - do not take logic.,2.5,5.0
Great professor, informative, caring...and goes over the test the day before.,4.0,3.0
Had as a prof in 1980. Best teacher I ever had, and I continued at Kean for my BA and MA. He knew his stuff and made the class interesting.,5.0,4.0
very easy professor, tells you whats on the exams and gives you the qustions and answers. Any idiot that shows up and takes notes should get an A.,5.0,1.0
Awesome And Always Willing To Help,5.0,2.0
great professor to take but you have to know how to be logical to pass his class,3.5,3.0
kept the class interesting,4.0,4.0
excellent professor, great class,4.0,3.0
she was awesome... as long as you do your work she'll work with you. she's very understanding if things aren't in on time as long as you talk to her and let her know before the assignment is due. she does like to see people in class all the time- if you let her know that you won't be in prior to missing class, she won't hold it against you.,4.5,3.0
very nice. gives a lot of work but she's very helpful if you show up to class and aren't rude. just do what you have to do in the class and you'll pass, its not that hard. does a lot of group revisioning, ts very helpful. take this class!,3.5,3.0
She gives a lot of work BUT, she's extremely helpful and will work with you to get your grades up. She gives a lot of credit (attendance, participation, etc.) to help improve your grades. It's a little intimidating at first because of the work but she's really good. If you're taking ENG122, take her - she'll help you with a good foundation.,4.0,3.0
Good teacher but grading policy for essays is more personal then an actual grade.,4.0,4.0
i walked into that class thinking I was a good writer. she sucked. she tries to help you but everything you do still isnt good enough. nice teacher but lots of work its overbearing!! you never get a break and she expects too much out of you.,3.0,5.0
Good Teacher. You write papers constantly and they're always due every class. I cant stand doing the papers and as a result ive become burned out by them. Always offers her office hours to students and is always there for those that need help and will go the extra mile to make sure you understand the material.,4.0,3.0
Great Professor. Extermely helpful...take her!,5.0,3.0
I HATE HER CLASS. SHE MAKES YOU DO PRE-WRITING AND ROUGH DRAFTS. I FELT LIKE I WAS IN HIGH SCHOOL IN HER CLASS. IF YOU WANT TO LEARN DON'T TAKE HER.,4.0,1.0
I thought she was a very nice prof. She was always willing to answer any questions I had, and more than helpful when i felt overwhelmed on a subject. She gives a ridiculous amount of work to be done in a short amount of time, and considering i have four other classes and a job it felt almost impossible at times. But she is always there to help you,4.5,4.0
shes is a really good teacher, always willing to help,4.5,1.0
good teacher,5.0,1.0
She is a great professor, She really knows he stuff. I have learned more about reading in this class than in my actual reading class. She gives a lot of work, but I can promise you that you will not leave this class and feel like you got nothing out of it. But if your looking for an easy A she is not the professor for you, you will work for it.,4.5,4.0
shes a nice person. i think shes very fair and she teaches very well. she just assigns ALOT OF WORK. journal entry after journal entry. she grades fairly. honestly i think shes a great childrens lit teacher. she just needs to take it easy on all the assignments.,3.0,4.0
She is a nice. She gives you alot of chances to hand in work. She gives extra credit which is nice. However, she is real picky about certain things and the reading is easy but the research parper is alot of work in terms of resourses she wants.,2.0,3.0
she is a sweet lady, but when she reads, she reads waaaay too fast u can't even understand her. SOOO MUCH READING! if u dont like reading, dont take this class.class is useless. as long as u keep up with the journal entries, you'll be fine.if u just hand in ur hw at the beginning of class and leave, you won't miss anyhting.,2.0,3.0
I'm glad I took this class because shes very helpful and I learned a lot. Although it is difficult to earn an A in this class, I wouldn't change my schedule. She's a nice person and you will get what you earn.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
While I got an A, it was earned. She gives a lot of work and is an arrogant person. You must call her Doctor. How pompous is that and she also injects her liberal views on the class. Keep your thoughts to yourself.I admit that my English did improve so that was beneficial. Be prepared to read alot and write alot.,1.5,4.0
She s the most horrible teacher I had ever met n my life. She hates foregn students and push them to do mistakes so she can complain about you. I hate her I have no dea how she became a teacher. she must get fre....,1.0,5.0
She is a horrible professor! she does not work with struggling students and gives false information for papers. she is has a nasty attitude and talks down to her students. i felt like i was in grade school while in her class. even my reading professor told me that it was a big mistake taking her.,1.0,5.0
Learned a lot in the class. Great teacher but she assigned too much work and was stringent on grading. She was allways there to assist the students with thier work.,3.5,4.0
Professor Fedorko gives an abundance of work, but isn't patient with students who are struggling. You have to insist on getting help repeatedly.,3.0,5.0
She's a really nice teacher and I learned a lot in her class. But she gives way too much work considering I have 4 other classes to do hw for. Gives reading and writing assignments everynight and there is a short writing in class almost every day.,5.0,3.0
Too many papers, too many readings. Not willing to work with the students. Uncompassionate, uncaring and extremely strict. Take Professor Marshall, a much better choice, otherwise taken an unknown, anyone's better than Fedorko.,3.0,5.0
She is strict but very easy to work with.,5.0,2.0
lot of work, but good professor,4.5,4.0
By far one of the worst professors I've ever had. The thing that bothered me the most was that we would take our tests with a very vague idea of what they covered, she NEVER reviewed the study questions beforehand, then AFTER we took the test she would go over the material that the test was on... If you take this class all I can say is good luck.,1.5,3.0
She is a good professor. She retired in May 2015. She had a clear grading criteria. She's funny, has lots's of jokes, etc. She was a good professor and she added lots of discussions.,3.0,3.0
There are only 5 tests and she has a tough grading system. If you do poorly on the first 23 tests you most likely will not pass the class because no other work is given. Make sure you memorize the study guides and be very detailed on the tests otherwise your answers will not be counted also dont cross out things on tests because it wont be counted,2.0,4.0
Hated this class. I dropped out half way through bc i just couldnt deal with it. She does NOT teach. She comes in EVERY class 10-15 mins late, blabbers half the time about something off topic, ends class half an hour early. Biggest waste of time and money. When i went to talk abt my grade, she ENCOURAGED me to drop out & told me i had no hope.,1.0,5.0
She's a good professor. She can be late sometimes, but I guess it is the way it is. She gives you study guides that is basically your notes. She can be funny sometimes.,3.0,4.0
I swear to you not to take her , all she does is talk and talk and go off subject. Each class is like this : she's late 10 minutes then she will sit in a chair and talk about history , u will not learn just by listening.,1.0,5.0
Boaring, very hard to keep your eyes open with her..,3.0,4.0
Good teacher! If you actually read the hw and take notes its a breeze. She goes over the study questions and its the exact answers and questions from the sheet. She lets you use notes for the harder tests so take them! Make sure you come everyday and participate a little, shell bump your grade up a point or two if needed. Funny to!,4.5,2.0
A wonderful lady. She gives you the opportunity to take notes in class and ask questions when she's finished lecturing. The test part can be challenging at some point, but it's pretty self-explanatory.,3.0,3.0
Awesome. Do the study questions and take notes during lectures. She makes western civ bearable!!!,4.5,3.0
She is okay, but you have to follow the notes in the class first. You have to read the notes, because she doesn't teach most of the time.,3.0,3.0
Nice lady. Just go over the notes and things will be fine, in my opinion. Can get off topic once in a while, but it's an okay class.,3.0,3.0
Her being late doesn't really bother me. However does bother me is that shes not clear she murmurs a lot. Do the study questions and and take notes then you will do fine. But, try to avoid taking her! Don't make the mistake I made. I'm doing fine in her class not the best.,2.0,3.0
She's not a great professor, so if you take her class, you will need to pay attention in class and take notes on her lectures, AND consult the textbook. It's a fairly easy class to pass if you try, but if you're looking for an easy class, pass on Professor Gray. I know a very large portion of my class failed looking for an easy grade.,2.0,3.0
She shows up late a lot and gets off topic often. It is very important to take notes during her 'lectures' and do the study questions! If you do both you will pass. Towards the end of the semester she gets lazy just like students. I didn't mind having her as a teacher.,2.5,3.0
ALthough she is late a lot, she was a very good teacher. She told you exactly what material was gonna be on the test. Take notes and do her study questions and you'll pass with flying colors.,5.0,1.0
She pretty much tells you what is gonna be on the exam and thats what is on it.. just do what she says and youll get a good grade,2.0,2.0
Every class, she's late. She gets off track more a lot. She does not speak clear most of the time, and can be slightly offensive at times. The textbook she's assigned is unclear, matching her teaching style. Her lectures contain few knowledge gems that are on the tests, but you need to search through the rest of her lecture. Study guides are used.,1.5,4.0
She is really good ,make sure you tke notes and you will pass,3.0,1.0
I do not recommend her at all. She wants things her way and her way only. She can't explain well whatsoever and just downright annoying. She sometimes goes off in class about the most random things. I love history but she managed to take that passion away from me a bit. Take any other professor besides her.,1.0,4.0
she is the best profesor i ever had jus takje it do her study questions u will easily pass the class..just read her notes,5.0,1.0
I agree with her lateness, like other people have said. Exams use short answer and what we thought was multiple choice but turned out to be multiple answer. Read the textbook, address her study questions, and you can do well here on your own. I wish she did more teaching.,2.5,3.0
She is late to class by 10-15 mins, but class is 1hr 20mins, always out ontime or early. If you just do what ahe asks of you on the 1st day you WILL PASS!! Read the text, take notes, and she LITERALY spells out everything that will be on the test in class. Lots of videos, no handouts but she provides study guides via email. Little quirky, but nice.,3.0,2.0
yea she is late, but that just means you don't have to rush to get there. She is understanding, and her stories are funny especially when she talks about tiger woods. Tests have no surprises, show up, show you care = get an A.,5.0,1.0
professor gray is one of the best professors! all you have to do is go to class for the lectures and take notes. Test are easy, no surprises because she explains what you should study. overall i would say take her! :),4.0,3.0
Very annoying teacher. As others have said 15 mins late every day and if you take her prepare for random stories. Overall if you can deal with the painful classes, it actually is an easy class to take.,2.5,2.0
She is a terrible teacher. Guaranteed 15 mins late everyday. But she doesn't want you to fail. Sometimes the way she speaks will confuse you because of pronunciation. She does extend help to those who ask. She doesn't seem to be a very nice person, but is. No extra credit, no makeups. Attendance isn't mandatory, but you should go to hear lectures.,1.5,2.0
she's a horrible professor. she never knows what she talks about the last class. she barely ever teaches usually she plays boring videos. you can never read her notes on the board. she doesn't really speak in proper english. she talks really ghetto.,1.0,4.0
She's a horrible teacher. Her class is really easy though. You can't understand her notes sometimes and she talks non stop.,1.5,1.0
she is nice and all but she really rambles and tells a lot of random stories and hardly gets to the point but she gives all the info you'll need for tests. she also does a lot of group work,2.0,3.0
Horrible professor. Don't take her class, because you won't learn anything, its mostly self learning from the textbook.,1.0,5.0
This professor is TERRIBLE. I took this class thinking that it would be interesting. I have yet to absorb anything she has "taught" .She can hardly pronounce the words properly, she forgets things she told us from the previous class. She confuses our class with her other class and when we tell her we didnt go over something or she didnt tell us tha,1.0,5.0
Her class honestly is so easy once you figure out what she wants from you on the tests. Hes a nice person and wants the best for her students. Id take her again.,5.0,1.0
she is nice enough but seriously rambles A LOT. she post pones a lot of assignments because she often rambles too long in class and has to push evrything back to get everything covered. she is funny though and has easy exams,3.0,2.0
I must say I like her! I had her for Afr Amer Stud & she really knows her stuff. She's serious about u learning the material & she tells u upfront that it isn't a fluff class & won't be easy but as long as u read & take notes u can pass, she tells u EXACTLY what's on the tests. Attendance can help boost ur grade & she loves students who participate,3.5,3.0
You can get a little more sleep in the morning because she usually is about 15 minutes late everyday (just make sure your her 1st class).It is true that she is a hard grader but she does like confident people (not sexually). If you maintain eye contact with her and do not stare off she will absolutely love you.,4.0,4.0
Professor Gray is a very nice professor. She gives her class a review sheet for the test like 2 or 3 weeks before and goes through it thoroughly with the class. All you need to do is read the chapters and review. I only got a c+ in her class but honestly getting an A isnt hard at all. SHe gives you the exact questions all you need to do is read!,2.5,3.0
2 words STAY AWAY. Im very good at history and barely got a c plus, goes off topic, does not say whats on the test just an overall terrible professor whos only there to get paid more because shes a doctor, if ur bad at history drop the class the first day.,1.5,5.0
She mummbles when she talks, writes in chicken scratch, gets off topic a bit to much, gives a lot of work but doesn't check it but it all is on the test, not a loud to cross out a mistake or automatic F! DO NOT TAKE HER!!!!!!!!!,1.5,3.0
she's not really smart and anytime someone asks her a question she just kinda mumbles and always repeats herself and then doesn't remember anything. you can't cross anything out on your tests or you fail. you have to white the mistakes out..SHE'S TERRIBLE !,1.0,4.0
nice professor overall. She is late to class, but you can't blame her because she needs a break in her day after talking for long hours. Her tests all consists of the questions she has up on the board and she actually makes the class fun and does not make us watch dreadful movies. Best of all there is no Research paper!,4.0,3.0
i got As on everything. she gave me a B- in the class because i had the audacity to question her "questionable" teaching methods. she clearly graded me on her perception of me, rather than the work i did in class, which i frankly think is illegal. i should probably look into this. DO NOT TAKE HER UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!,1.0,5.0
this teacher is horrible!!!! do not take her..she tells you something and the next class she forgot that she told you it.. does not help or understand students..HORRIBLE PROFFESOR DO NOT TAKE!!!!!!,3.0,3.0
worst professor i have ever had. she is all over the place, doesnt follow the syllabus, adds things to it that were not originally on it, makes history channel movies mandatory, is always late, cancels classes. took her for ancient egypt and all she talked about was the plight of the black man. i didnt learn much about ancient egypt.,1.0,3.0
It seems like it is going to be cake the first day. She expects alot out of you. You need to do the notes. STUDY THEM, what she gives in class IS ON THE TEST. make an effort to be in class, she notices, participate because she likes that, and make an effort to ask questions. she gave extra credit to my class for showing up.,4.5,3.0
Ok, this is the best way I can describe her...always late, for the most part she is friendly, you HAVE to read everything, you have to take notes, what SHE tells you is what is on the TEST, you have to word it correctly, if you can do that you will pass. Oh and don't use cell phone or talk in class. Only allowed to use notes in class, not book.,2.5,3.0
TERRIBLE TEACHER-STAY AWAY-DO NOT TAKE.TEACHER DOES NOT CARE ABOUT STUDENTS, DOES NOT HAVE OFFICE HOURS ON MCC WEBSITE.SHE GIVES TESTS THAT HAVE NO EXPLANATION FOR THE QUESTIONS. If you have her, drop her. She tells you to look things up if you do not know it and want to ask a question. I would not recommend this teacher to ANYONE.,1.0,5.0
Its like this, she is not very friendly i could stand her and she is late to class a lot. However, I think there are worst professors. The notes are helpful, and she tells you what is on the tests. I for one like essay tests because you can BS everything. Just memorize the facts, READ, STUDY, ask questions and you'll get the A. I did. ^^,3.0,4.0
This has to be the worst prof. at Middlesex. she comes to class late every day. Doesn't know what she did the previous class. she expects you to know all the answer and if you ask her the question... THE ANSWER IS ITS IN THE BOOK LOOK IT UP,1.0,4.0
HORRIBLE TEACHER- 25 min late the 1st day of class!!! since you have to use a pen on a test, you're not able to make a mistake bc if you cross it out, she takes off points! she's VERY rude and a horrible teacher. don't waste your time,1.5,4.0
I have never before hated a teacher so much, she will not help you if you need it, you will basically get told to read the book better if you ask a question. DONT WASTE your time.,1.5,4.0
There is no way this women has a PH. D...,1.0,5.0
one of the worst teachers ever. does not teach, puts u in groups and you teach yourself. the text book is impossible, i looked some words up and they were not even in standard dictionaries. her tests are hard, fill in the blank. even if you put a true statement, if its not what she is looking for, she will mark it wrong. i had to drop the class!,1.0,5.0
The absent minded professor.,2.0,4.0
WOW! Do not take her!! BEWARE!! seriously! she is so unclear! She dosen't feel like she wants to teach at all. there is no way to improve your grade. All she does is give out tests. If you do get stuck with her make sure you have black or blue ink. no pencils on exam (how ridiculous?) Really is there any good 121 history professor at middlesex?...,1.0,5.0
She's boring, a tough grader, shows no interest in anything and her tests are usually essay format in which she is EXTREMELY picky about what you answer.,2.0,5.0
This professor should come with a warning label! She is lazy, shows no interest in her students actually learning anything, and she constantly contradicts herself in her effort to appear smarter-than-you. On a test, she marked three of my answers wrong, then told me that they were actually correct, but not 'quite' what she was looking for(?!).Her P,1.0,5.0
Oh my god...I don't even know where to start. Dr. Gray's incompetence as a teacher is completely jaw-dropping. The STUPIDEST most ASININE human being i have ever encountered. Poor excuse of a human being and has absolutely no soul. Dr. Brenda Gray probaby has one of those Mail-In order ph.d 's or the ones you get out of a cereal box.,1.0,5.0
She is very unfocused. She mostly talked about her husband, ( who is deceased) was way too opinionated. She was not understanding to the everyday vestibules of life. I sprained my ankle and came to class with crutches and hospital discharge papers and she still was nasty to me about missing the days I missed! Sorry, but she is a miserable person.,1.0,4.0
She's a horrible professor! She just sucks!!!!!!!!!!,1.0,5.0
She is he worst professor. I attempted to extra help because i could not understand her and yet she never responded to my emails and she STOOD ME UP for my appointment when I went to get extra help! All her tests are essay format. I always got bad grades on my nearly perfect essays. Although she does know her stuff, she is not good at presenting i,1.0,5.0
Doesn't stay on topic, makes an already dull subject even worse. This deal with not using books in class doesn't help anyone.,2.0,5.0
Prof. Gray could use more enthusiasm when teaching, however, she knows her history and is personable. Req. alot of reading and memorization. Her tests were pretty on target with her study questions and you don't need to bring the book to class as she just requires you to use your notes. I went from a 'D' to a 'C' and don't be later than she.,5.0,5.0
Two Words: Drop Her!! ... She doesn't teach and expects you to write 7 page essays and still fails you! She is the worst... She may be teaching now but maybe the college can get some brains and FIRE HER!!!!!!!!,1.0,5.0
LETS JUST SAY THAT I TOOK THIS LADY THREE TIMES AND I HATED HER CLASS. SHE IS ALWAYS LATE AND GOES OFF TOPIC. IF YOU HAVE NO CHOICE BUT TO TAKE HER CLASS THERE IS NO NEED TO BUY THE BOOK CUZ SHE YELLS AT YOU FOR OPENING THE BOOK UP IN TH CLASSROOM. SHE NEEDS TO BE FIRED,1.0,5.0
Stay Away!!! I've attended Brookdale, MCC, & Kean, throughout I have experienced all different types of professors with different teaching styles. But she is the absolute worst there is!!! It is nearly impossible to get a good grade in this class. She flew through the chapters, and is the most unfair grader i've ever experienced.,1.0,5.0
A BIT UNORTHODOX,1.0,5.0
SHE IS NOT WILLING TO INTRUDUCE THE LECTURE IN A FUNDAMENTAL MANNER. SHE POSTED NOTES ON THE BOARD AND SAT US IN FRONT OF THE TV. SHE RARELY TALKED AND WHEN SHE DID SHE BABBLED ABOUT THINGS THAT WERE IRRELEVANT.,2.0,3.0
A disgrace to the term "professor." During the regular school year I attend Rutgers and I have not experienced anything quite this unnecessarily hard. She expects you to memorize minute details that DON'T matter and it has to be HER answer or it's wrong. I've been challenged before (so don't go there) but this class is not a productive challenge.,1.0,4.0
I thoght the class was interesting. It was challenging, and you need to work hard in the class, but if you put in the time it's icing on the cake. It's is true she was always late, but her tests are all related to what is discussed in class. All you have to do is read the book!!!,3.5,2.0
SHe is boring, she is always late, she doesnt teach, tests are hard. horrible expereience in her class,1.0,5.0
This is by far the worst teacher of my academic career. Very rude and very obnoxious. I took History as I like the subject but taking her was the worst mistake I ever made as a student. Very hard tests and the tests will never have what she taught you in class which was hardly much as she was always late. Very bad grader of tests. DO NOT TAKE HER.,1.0,5.0
This professor can be understanding and generous. Even though she comes in late most of the time, and her tests are very hard, her personality is very kind and she wants everyone to pass if you attend and try your best.,4.0,3.0
I was excited to take this class. Unfortunately, I can't tell you a thing I have learned about Ancient Egypt. She is constantly late, she lectures mostly about her gripes with parking and her personal life. She gives you study questions for the tests but most of the questions aren't even on it. The worst professor I have had at MCC. Beware!,1.0,4.0
bad teacher. hard class. do not take.,1.0,5.0
bad bad bad bad i was very interested in the course but she turned it into the worst class i have ever taken!!!!!!! don't take her if you value your grade or if u have any type of life outside of her class! be prepared to read read read if you have her drop her NOW dont wait!!!!!!,1.5,4.0
she is a horrible teacher. always 20 min late to the class, and after that she would go for a cup of coffee. very much interested in telling her stories instead of paying attention to the course syllabus. Grading was worse. It was a nightmare taking her class. In class she gave me C+ but when i checked my result onine it was C. Never ever take her.,1.0,5.0
I wasn't sure if she was seriously a teacher at first... truly a disgrace to the teacher race. I dropped the class and took G. Friedman instead and was so glad I did, take him instead of this buffoon. I'm still wondering how she got a teaching degree ? :/ ? She needs to be introduced to the parking lot and go bye bye for good.,1.0,3.0
She is always late,the test are essay questions, and you couldnt read her writing. But the thing thats good about her is that she will help you out. If you need help just go to her after class,3.5,5.0
Dr. Gray is a very good professor, she tells you what to study for the test. If you do not do the readings or study for the tests then that's your problem. Overall I thought it was an easy class.,5.0,1.0
No multiple choice questions on the test there are only four exams and a paper that determine your grade if your looking to get an A it is highly impossible,2.0,4.0
I took a summer class, so the material was condensed. The course was rather interesting. I thought she presented the material well and she provided the class with the answers that she asked on the test. So study the notes and read the text and you will pass!,3.0,5.0
Not the best prof... sporatic in her teaching, unorganized, attitudinal, late. At times she can be funny, but that's always on something that's completely off subject.,2.0,3.0
She was always late to class, had an attitude for no reason with students, never handed students tests back for two weeks. Her grading system was was crazy.,1.0,4.0
she's an okay prof.,not too bad. only slight problem are her grading system(does it by points got on exams),exams(objectives & fill-ins) & some of her rules. But, if you study well for the exams, it's an easy A.,4.0,2.0
Good teacher. I took her back in the spring of 2001. She doesn't believe in multiple choice, so her tests could be rather tricky, but not impossible. If you like history, take her. If not, you may want to take someone else.,4.0,2.0
terrible teacher, very unprofessional, does everything by the book, a lot of reading, class is basically pointless except to get her answers that she wants exactly the way she says,1.5,5.0
She's a horrible teacher she's never on time she does not know how to teach she'll come to class starts to talk about the chapter and then goes wayyyyy of the topic LOL she cannot teach and she should retire,1.0,5.0
Prof. Gray is a decent teacher. Yes she does come to class 15 minutes late but it doesnt really bother me. Overall i think she is a pretty good professor not the best, but good,3.5,4.0
there should be more to a final grade than four tests- but she was an okay teacher- not the best but i passed with a C,2.5,3.0
If you happen to be in a class that reads and wants to talk about it, you are in luck. Otherwise she generally refuses to talk about what the chapters are on (once she comes in late.) To pass he tests (when they are essay until later in the course) you have to answer it in her words.. or its wrong,1.0,4.0
Prof. Gray is always 15 minutes late & expects the class to be ready and waiting on her w/ pen in hand. Once she arrives she skips out for coffee. Prof. Gray babbles on & on only 45% is related to the subject matter. Yet, she gives out study questions for each chapter then derives test from them.,1.0,3.0
ok teacher, not the best professor, but in my last semester i am not looking to learn more! great if you want to avoid the knick/knacks like oral presentations and ESPECIALLY research papers. only tests count towards her grade which was great for me! recommended for test takers that study themselves,2.0,3.0
Yes she does comes to class extremely late. I didn't like her because she gave me such a dirty look. I love history I just don't like her. I usually get an A easily in history with her I think I remembered getting a B or B+. Some teachers deserve tenure... she doesn't!,2.0,2.0
this abomination shows up for class 40 minutes late and thinks nothing of it...if you want your hard-earned money to go toward something useful, avoid this excuse for a professor and find someone who actually cares about their students and the material they're teaching!,1.5,3.0
she is the worst teacher i ever had. i recommend every one not to take her at any cost. most of the time she talks about herself and doesnt concentrate on the syllabus.,1.0,5.0
horrendous. i know she's tenured, but please do yourself a favor and the students who pay money to go to this college - find a way to FIRE this woman!,1.0,2.0
unfair, poor teaching skills. grades only on tests, no class work to help bring your grade up. always late for class and lectures for the whole hour about nothing!,1.0,4.0
I learned a great deal from her.If you put effort in, she will give you a decent grade.I don't expect everyone to agree but some profesors give tests worth 35% of your grade.That's College if you can't handle it than quit.What happens when you transfer-you'll be wishing you had a prof. half as easy!,5.0,3.0
Don't waste your money!,1.0,5.0
Underrated - actually a whip-smart and fascinating professor, only downfall is grading system. Has 4 tests worth 25 points each, with each question worth about 1 point. So get 10 questions wrong all semester and already you've got a B. Still, better prof. than most MCC students would have you think.,4.0,3.0
if you wanna fall sleep in the class, take her!~,1.0,3.0
This woman is the reason why tenure matters. If it didn't, she'd have been fired years ago. Late constantly, talks for an hour, and let's you go. You learn nothing. If you take her, just get the tests results from someone who took her already. She uses the same ones. Idiot....,1.5,3.0
SOOOOOOOO boring! Very unorganized...she just sits at her desk and talks, talks, talks. Test consists of: 1.just a few "fill in the blanks" 2. 3 inclass essay questions.,2.0,4.0
Why this arrogant moron ever got a Tenure position is a mystery. Terrible teacher and terrible grader. And I can say that despite getting a B.,1.0,5.0
Dr. Grey is a professor who likes what she is doing.She knows her work, she needs another grading system. Her first test, I got a 9 and the guy next to me got a 2. I use to think I was intellegent! She did wonders for myself esteem. She should try harder,1.0,4.0
SHE IS AN INFORMATIVE DR.THAT KNOWS THE MATERIAL AND PRESENTS IT ACCORDINGLY.THE ONE THING I ENJOYED IN HER CLASS WAS HOW SHE INCORPORATED TODAYS EVENTS IN THE CLASS.HAD HER THROUGH 9/11 AND SHE STILL WAS ABLE TO STAY FOCUSED AND INTERESTING.,5.0,1.0
Horrible! Always late... Grades hard does not care about students... Drop the class!,1.0,4.0
She was a great prof. She loved discussions and you are encouraged to read for her class. I learned a lot. She expects you to do your assignments and readings... If you do you'll get a good grade.,4.0,3.0
Always late to class, then yells at people for coming in late. Didn't know much, just liked to hear herself talk.,1.0,4.0
Continually late to class! Then would have class wait for her to return, again because she would leave the class after arriving 10 - 20 minutes late! Her exams came from book & her lectures. You must read,exams eassays, MC, Fillins. course easy, must read,3.5,2.0
I dropped this class after I received my midterm which turned out to be an "F" - I got all of the answers correct but she didnt like a point made in my essay - annoying prof with a lot of mindless and numbing comments - not very professional.,1.0,5.0
Although she gives you the questions that will be on the tests, she is incredibly dull, she makes jokes that aren't slightly funny and declares a "favorite class" Do Not Enter.,1.0,4.0
absolutely terrible, expects you to know everything-doesn't teach you. Ianule was boring but a much better teacher,1.0,3.0
Very easy to cheat in her class. She never looks up while you are taking the test!!!! Take he and cheat,1.0,1.0
Shes constantly late to my class. then, takes a bathroom break! expects us to know EVERY detail to study questions. same tone of voice through out teaching lesson...puts me to sleep,2.0,3.0
Late for class everyday. waste of time...,2.0,2.0
her class is boring, but she is very easy. She tells all the questions for the test prior to the exam. no research paper to do if u take in summer. Cool teacher. talks about her daily life alot instead of teaching. Gradings are fair. not hard at all,3.0,2.0
A bit disorganized, not very clear, boring,1.5,4.0
boring, unclear on what's expected of you,2.0,3.0
Was a good professor and a nice guy when I took him in summer of 2014 and I struggled in his class but passed and I found him helpful especially with the youtube videos before exams. Could take him but his class is not easy and his exams are difficult.,5.0,5.0
DeUriarte is a terrific professor! He's pretty funny and gets the point across without being boring. If you don't understand something, definitely don't hesitate to utilize the office hours and the textbook and online videos. Take him if you can!,5.0,2.0
I would absolutely recommend this professor, in fact, I am taking him again for ECO 202. He will teach up to the end of class schedule, but time flies.. he is very funny and corky, but his method works! Easy grading system, no homework, and he has all of his lectures on youtube, very helpful! Make sure you study!,4.0,4.0
His textbook is confusing as hell, but his tests require you to utilize the graphs within the textbook, so you will need it for that at least. Try and go to his lectures, he's super funny and will keep you interested, but will definitely not give you all the information you need to do well in the course. Passing is easy; doing well is not.,4.0,3.0
Nice professor and everything. But difficult class. Luckily I managed to pass his class.,5.0,3.0
I learned so much from him not just economics, but the current up to date business news. This Professor is a wealth of knowledge. If you want to learn something, take him. He tries to make learning fun. Going to eco class is not boring taught by him. His tests are hard though.,5.0,2.0
Perhaps he hasn't done this in decades, but he used to lock the door as soon as class began so latecomers couldn't get in (and students couldn't get out).There is a better way to handle latecomers, don't you think?,1.0,5.0
Professor DeUriarte is one of, if not the, greatest professors at MCC. He cares that his students do well and will provide examples that clarify even the toughest topics. Took him for both 201 and 202 and now I feel like I have a very in depth knowledge of the material. Definitely recommended due to his knowledge of the field and awesome teaching.,5.0,3.0
BEST PROFESSOR EVAR!!! This guy took the math out of econ. He explains these complicated topics in terms like Pizza and Beer! Go to every class and you don't need a book or to study too much.,5.0,1.0
This guy needs no comments! He is teaching since 1986, take his class and, while learning, laugh a bit!,4.5,3.0
The best at MCC. He gives 4 tests of 100 points each, so to know your grade you sum up your scores and divide by four. It is impossible not to enjoy what he is teaching even if it is about surplus and shortage. It was simply the best class I had for 2 semesters. I truly recommend this guy! He is a nice person, fair, funny.He wrote his own textbook!,4.5,2.0
lol i cant believe people still take this guy, no wonder hes trying to improve his teaching, just to let you know - i have a 3.8gpa and finished mcc with highest honors. this is the one teacher i dropped and im so glad i did. this class was dreadful. what a shame. take wathen or nagarajan iyer,1.0,5.0
lol he finally relized why everyone does so bad and is giving practice tests now??? hahaha hes def a horrible teacher, tests are hard, 80% of my class got a c (and i know this bc he passes everyones grades around towards the end of the semester) the rest got a d or lower and then there was 1 or 2 b's. def dont reccomend so many better econ teachers,1.0,5.0
Great professor. He wrote the book himself so not only is it a lot cheaper but he knows the material he has to cover. If you read the book you will get an A. He translates the language of economics into easy to understand concepts for students. Do your part and you will get an A,5.0,2.0
Excellent professor! One of the best in MCC.Knowledgable, smart, charming. The explanations are crystal clear.The subject itself is not easy, but I got an A for both 201 and 202. He e-mailed the spreadsheet with the class grades after each test ( with no names on it),and it looked like 15-20% of the class got an A.So he is not a hard grader.,5.0,2.0
A very entertaining professor, but his class is tough. Attend everyday, actually read the textbook and practice the tests (even though they aren't homework.,4.0,4.0
AWESOME, PROFESSOR! His tests are easy if you attend class and know what's going on. It involves a little bit of math work and if you miss those classes you are lost. Very engaged in the class and funny and makes learning about the economy crystal clear.,5.0,3.0
he is an entertainer and not a teacher,,for sure he was a struggling student in his past and that's why his grading is off and complicate this easy calss.don't take him, i always showed and studied and he gave me C. his class should be called C class and not economics,1.0,5.0
Not good,2.0,5.0
tests are very hard, impossible to get an A,1.0,5.0
dont listen to the people saying "if u want an a study" all i did was study for this class. Ive never got a lower grade then an A on every business course ive taken. ur not getting an a in this class. u think your doing well until the test comes. and ur entire grade is only based on tests.,2.0,5.0
avoid him. idk what half these people are talking about but his class is not easy. His test start easy and then are a joke. Hes a hard grader. If you want ur gpa to go down take this class, if you want a c take this class, i know more then 10 people that dropped in 1 semester. waste of time,2.5,5.0
He is an amazing professor. I had him for Eco-201 and I took him again for 202. He is very helpful and funny. I hated economics prior to his class and now i really like economics and business. His lectures are interesting and relates to real life problems. His tests are hard, so if you want to get an A make sure you study and pay attention in class,4.0,2.0
He was very funny and charming. I enjoyed his lecture very much! He likes to use color chalks. It's like his symbol! u will need to buy his textbook coz his notes on the blackboard were like a mess. Sometimes u cant read his handwriting. His tests were kind of hard, especially the multiple choice. anyways, i will take him again~,5.0,3.0
He is an excellent professor.Charming personality, very competent, and his explanations are crystal clear. Tests are not easy, but doable. Follow his notes and take time to prepare!! Chances are that you will enjoy his class.,5.0,3.0
De Uriarte is an amazing profesor. His style of teaching is very understandable and entertaining. He takes the time to help you understand the material. The tests are hard but they are from the notes we take in class. I highly recommend anyone to take his class who wants to learn about economics. He gives broad prospective on the subject and explai,5.0,4.0
Great Professor overall, knows his stuff and gives clear explanations. Most of what he says in class will be on the test so pay attention and take notes. He gives review before tests when time allows. The textbook is only used to do some exercises, but I strongly recommend to buy it ( it is basically a written version of what he talks in class),5.0,1.0
Great personality, great teaching skills, great amount of knowledge in every area, very funny, great writing style (you 'll love his books) The best professor in the world!,5.0,3.0
Really good professor!!! knows his stuff..pay attention ..if you don't there is no way you'll pass the class. Overall it was a hard class, but he does his best to make it clear and is also really helpful.,5.0,4.0
teaching is really great. fun class,very helpful, give test review. work if u want an A,5.0,2.0
Best professor that I have ever have. very helpful knows his thing. and very funny.,5.0,1.0
Very Good professor. PAY LOT of attention in the CLASS! Reading text will definately HELP. Exams are pretty much from the NOTES. Do take the basic knowledge from Text book though (yes it is important). Keep attention to his exmples!! He can ask anything as an Xtra credit FROM his Xamples. Such as 5 restaurants on rt 1. Take him! He's an Easy A.,3.5,2.0
GREAT PROFESSOR....VERY FUNNY TOO..MAKES THE CLASS FUN AND INTERESTING. TAKE HIM 100% I'M TAKING HIS CLASS AGAIN BUT ECO-102...HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. HE WROTE HIS BOOK WHICH IS A PLUS!!!!!!!!,5.0,1.0
Awesome teacher, Highly recommended. Extremely Knowledgable on subject and alot of others, plus a sense of wit and humor that goes unmatched. Not an easy subject, but he makes it possible,4.5,3.0
Gotta take him! I wish all college professors were half as competent as he is. All atributes listed previously are really true.,5.0,3.0
Funny, quirky, makes learning about economics (things we all should understand)really fun!! Take him..he even wrote the book!,4.5,2.0
He is an awesome teacher. He knows what he is talking about, even if you take economics as an elective you will not be bored. One of the few teachers who tries to be funny and actually is.,5.0,4.0
he is the best teach i ever have. He was very helpful. he is just too good.,5.0,1.0
DeUriarte is the best economics professor at MCC!,5.0,1.0
Awesome professor! Amazing, caring, clear, and really knows his Economics. He's smart, VERY FUNNY, and VERY helpful. He's actually a very hard teacher, but I reccommend studying and taking notes just like his, and you'll get an A like I did.,5.0,4.0
very nice guy, explains in a really colorful way and jokes alot, his marking is OK too,5.0,2.0
Hard teacher but best one to take for eco, not boring,4.5,4.0
Great professor, demanding, but knows his econ.,4.0,4.0
excellent professor, but difficult class,4.5,4.0
If you can, take it asynchronous. There's 4 quizzes, 2 midterms and a final. All the questions are verbatim memorization of tiny details in 2 textbook written by the prof. They said closed book but don't check much. It's a shame since the class is interesting, as my first SOC class. Would've been more enjoyable not having to memorize tiny details.,2.0,2.0
All assessments are multiple choice. Literally asks the most irrelevant questions on tests and quizzes. Most arbitrary class I have ever been in.,1.0,5.0
If you are a dedicated and disciplined person with an elephant memory who doesn't mind listening to long lectures, this is your course to succeed in. If not, you will suffer. His teaching style is very simple and the multiple-choice questions heavily depend on how much you can remember. He wants you to keep up with (heavy) readings (or you fail).,2.0,5.0
Do not take this class!!!! I took this as an elective to fill my breadth requirement... a horrible decision. The evaluations were entirely textbook-based and it is physically impossible to memorize two textbooks' worth of information. Both midterms were 100 questions long and the final exam was 150 questions... Absolutely brain numbing.,1.0,5.0
Tepperman is awful. He makes this class so much harder than it needs to be and it's all thanks to his laziness. His tests test the most specific details that are not related to sociology. Some are just random facts about Canada. This is because he's too lazy to make questions that actually test soc knowledge. He's a hypocritical and lazy professor.,1.0,5.0
He talks about the the problem that wealthy people get richer while poor people get poorer but he makes students buy his text book. Only good thing is that he will be retiring.,1.0,5.0
i would do all the readings and lectures and I would still end up barely passing. there's no point to tutorials because tests and quizzes make up your grade. currently enrolled to retake in the summer with another prof,5.0,5.0
Awful experience. He just give us the recordings and let us watch them at home. Students are not very involved in this course.,1.0,5.0
This course is so boring and there are so many readings to do. The professor tested us on numbers and statistics in the book and the tests are closed book. It basically requires you to remember all the numbers which I consider to be meaningless. He doesn't test us on definitions or ideas about sociology but on a lot of tiny facts about Canada.,1.0,5.0
Ive never met a professor who cares so little about his students and the quality of work he teaches. Every thing he does is beyond subjective and his tests are impossible to do well in no matter how long you study or read the material.,1.0,5.0
Honestly, he makes me feel stupid. I've been studying my brain out for the midterm, reading EVERY SINGLE PAGE of the textbook and reading, taking notes on all the little details. But I still only got a median grade. And there's him telling me that people get 100% on this test. I feel stressed out and dumb.,2.0,4.0
TOO AWFUL!!! TOO MUCH READINGS AND I LITERALLY GOT MY EYES FROM 5.0 to 4.7 after taking this course!! I hate this course!,1.0,5.0
God I don't think I've ever had a professor as rude, sexist or racist as this guy. He is insanely biased and as everyone else says he makes us buy his books and remember the tiniest unnecessary details. I don't think I've disliked someone as a person in my life more than this man. Tests are doable but you need to memorize every single word.,1.0,5.0
Probably the worst professor I've ever had and I've been here 4 years now. Outright refused to accommodate my accessibility needs. I had to spend $200 on books he wrote himself and 60% of my final grade depended on multiple-choice tests. Instructions for assignments were incredibly vague but graded incredibly tough. Not a fan.,1.0,4.0
I thought this was a bird course, but boy was I wrong. This class was my only non 4.0 despite putting in the most effort. He wants you to memorize the smallest of details. Students cheated and still failed. He gave us a midterm with 30 questions from the chapters we haven't learnt yet and constantly took out poor quiz questions. Avoid at all costs!,3.0,5.0
terrible prof. screwed up the midterm; over 30 questions were from unassigned chapters. doesn't test understanding but instead memorization from his book. is radical left. avoid at all costs.,1.0,4.0
Okay, he has a bad rap. However, if you put in the work read every page of the textbook, watch all the lectures, and study HARD youll be fine, maybe even great. University prepares you for real life, and its not easy. You learn time management and critical thinking skills from Tepperman just do. the. work. Its the most rewarding class.,5.0,5.0
This class is like a venus flytrap, as it is known for being a bird course when in reality is anything but. Tepperman should know by now that this course is only really meant to fill up student's breadth requirements, so why not make it easier? I did learn a lot from this course though...,3.0,4.0
It's unfortunate that the tests and quizzes ask about the smallest details in the readings. Almost every test and quiz we have written this semester has had to have questions omitted because he was testing on the wrong content. Midterm had 1/3 omitted and quizzes have had a few omitted / quiz. This is the worst prof I've ever had by far and SO rude,1.0,4.0
Tests are so hard and so specific. Readings are so content heavy and you have to memorize the smallest of details.,2.0,5.0
This course is so difficult! Everything is based on memorization, and I mean EVERYTHING. Tests often ask questions about minor details that are so hard to remember. The readings sometimes do not correlate with the lectures so you have to take notes on both. Overall, this class is extremely stressful and overwhelming.,1.0,5.0
Tepperman is a good prof if you're willing to put the effort in. In my year (Fall 2019) tests had three sections: Textbook, Readings, Lectures. Lectures and textbook content are very different, so attend the lectures. To do well, take extensive notes and memorize. Study the slides + any names on them too. If you work hard, you should be fine.,4.0,3.0
Lorne Tepperman is not a well-received professor. In fact, I have only heard only complaints, on the mandatory textbook, skipping slides, strange and unrelated journal articles, etc. But nonetheless, he is incredibly knowledgeable and the tutorials are easy. I rated him 5 out 5, out of personal preference.,5.0,3.0
The key to doing well in this course is taking notes on readings, lectures, AND journal articles throughout the year. There's a final exam worth 50%, all multiple-choice. If you made good notes from the first two tests, you'll survive. The lectures themselves stretch on. Not the most engaging course unless you're passionate about soc, then it's ok.,3.0,3.0
He's a good professor and an even better lecturer. The only downside to his class are his tests. They're based heavily on the textbook, lecture, AND journal articles and test you on itty bitty details from each which are not the easiest to memorize. Other than that, he's a very knowledgeable professor and knows how to teach.,3.0,4.0
He is engaged but he makes such an easy course the hardest thing in world. You get tested on 33% textbook, 33% class material and 33% unrelated, most boring journal articles. If you want to hate soc take his course but for your own sake take it from a different prof. because he is one of the unfairest profs to his students.,1.0,5.0
Prof. Tepperman is entertaining while speaking during his lectures. However, the lectures are content-heavy, so don't skip. Lots of textbook reading and article readings. Tests are difficult because there is so much content to remember. Sociology interests me, but now I am just overwhelmed with content. Be ready to study hard and read a lot.,2.0,4.0
a LOT of reading. the course is hard in that its hard to know what information is essential and what's not. However, it would be impossible to remember everything that you learn in this course just because there is so. much. content. i used to love sociology but now i highly dislike it. take soc with latouche! the professor makes all the difference,2.0,4.0
Tests are very hard. A lot of reading. You have to study his lectures, the textbook(because what he teaches in the lecture doesn't necessarily correlate with the textbook content) and multiple journal articles for each week. He doesn't post lecture slides so you have to attend every lecture. If you take this course with him, good luck.,1.0,4.0
One of the worst profs Ive ever had. Condescending to his students and not very helpful. Seriously get ready to READ because youll have to take seperate notes from the textbook bc his lecture content doesnt really follow it. He also tests u on journal articles. Make sure to come to class bc he doesnt post full versions of his lectures online.,1.0,4.0
tests are very specific but he is a funny prof, so lectures are engaging :) make sure to read all texts thoroughly (textbook, lecture slides and articles) to do well!,4.0,3.0
3 sections on the tests: lectures, textbook additional readings. the readings are hyper specific and super hard to get any info from. the lectures are totally irrelevant from the textbook and on a totally different topic of his choosing (i.e. this year he focuses on consumerism). the textbook, if u take notes, and study, you'll get good grades,2.0,4.0
If you like hearing advertising for his books and lectures all about consumerism and irrelevant things you'll like this prof.... Two-hour lecture feels like 10h and by the end, you never want to hear about soc again. I felt that his lectures are kinda dated and not relatable to students in 2019. Also a lot of workload! I stopped liking soc :(,1.0,4.0
I like him. Make sure to do readings to get an A,5.0,2.0
He was a really good prof but pretty much just reiterated both textbooks. He was clearly very passionate about the subject but he talked really quickly and didn't always post the slides so get ready to take pictures. We only had 3 tests (2 midterms 1 final) and they were all multiple choice. All in all if you read and go to class you'll be fine.,4.0,3.0
He really knows his stuff, and hes clearly passionate about what he teaches. But his lectures are sometimes paced too fast IMO, and he also likes to just occasionally skip slides. There were also two textbooks, and he tested specifically from both of them as well as from lecture. But if you do your readings, youll probably be fine.,3.0,3.0
He is passionate about what he talks about in class. However, he goes off topic a lot! Make sure you read the textbook i order to do well in the class. Overall, if you go to lecture and do your readings its an easy A+.,2.0,4.0
He is a very straight forward professor. His lectures were just the reiteration of the textbook, but he took attendance by cards at the end of every lecture. Doing really well on tests is easy as long as you read the textbook. Overall very easy course, but didn't feel like the prof did anything,2.0,2.0
Many students said he is a taught grader while comparing with the other professors who teach the same course, he asked for another textbook to read. However, his lecture was interesting and if you read the books, you will get a good mark. The TAs will post what will be tested in the tutorial before the test.,4.0,3.0
Do all your readings and you will be okay. Very engaging and funny prof. Won't fall asleep in his class.,5.0,3.0
Honestly just do the readings and go to the lectures and you will do well. The class does not require you to think critically at all.,4.0,2.0
Pretty okay professor. Lectures can be a bit boring but it's mandatory to go. He doesn't post the full lecture sides so that you have to show up to class. A lot of reading,3.0,5.0
One of the hardest courses I've taken regarding work load. You have to read the chapter (which is long) and he doesn't go through it in lecture, another book filled with readings that he doesn't go through either. His lectures are pretty unrelated. The test is very specific, so if you're bad at memorising (like me) don't take it. The final is 50%.,2.0,5.0
Doesn't explain concepts properly, reads off the slides and often over-explains. Boring in lectures and confusing material. Do not take for ur own sake,1.0,5.0
He literally makes you get 2 textbooks, which talk about completely different things as one is Canadian perspectives and the other is pure theory and definitions. His lectures don't even explain the textbooks, as he talks about consumerism. So you have 3 times the amount of material to memorize for the tests. Way too much work and stress,2.0,3.0
There was a lot of readings that need to be done. Everything on the test is based on the two textbooks he wrote which is very tedious. You basically have to memorized both textbooks to get a good grade.,1.0,5.0
He's very direct, honest, humble, and matter-of-fact. Refreshing to have a teacher who doesn't talk about their kids every lecture. Stays on point, interesting to listen to (he gives a lot more than just reading the slides), doesn't go over time, but yes, he goes very fast. Definitely pre-download the incomplete slides so you can just fill in.,5.0,4.0
A nice and humor guy. Love to listen to him talking. BUT THE LECTURES ARE EXTREMELY HEAVY and it's nearly impossible to take notes completely without taking pictures of the powerpoint. There are also TONNES of readings every week. I only took him because he is the only SOC100 professor this term. The tests are 10^n times harder than other profs'.,3.0,5.0
Tonnes of readings, tests are difficult, require lots of memorization. Taking his course is torturing.,1.0,5.0
He was pretty interesting to listen to but he hardly every got through lecture and had to rush often. There was a lot of reading that was mandatory for the tests.,4.0,3.0
Sociology with Tepperman was a breeze, no work, readings don't apply to the 2 tests you have. Possibly the easiest first year course at U of T. If you want a GPA booster, this is the course for you. No midterms, only a final. Finals worth 35%.,5.0,2.0
SOC100 with Tepperman was the easiest course I've ever taken in my life. The 2 textbooks purchased were not needed, and lectures are super fun and interactive, but not mandatory. He goes through slides really slowly so that everyone can copy notes down, and makes Sociology super fun to learn about.,5.0,1.0
If you're looking for an easy elective/GPA booster, SOC100 with Tepperman is not it. The ridiculous amount of reading makes it difficult to do well, particularly because some of the multiple choice questions are extremely nitpicky. Get ready to memorise 2 textbooks.,3.0,4.0
This Prof was my least favourite for First year. He talks very fast and has massive lecture slides that he moves through with lightning speed. Tests, however, are pretty simple, just do the readings and take good notes and you should be fine, if no work is put in, however, you will get poor grades.,2.0,3.0
This class has so much information its crazy. 2 textbooks and the lecutres are on completely different stuff. Take a different class.,2.0,4.0
Really makes you work for your grade, but after all we came here to learn. While there is definitely a lot of content, it's interesting and challenges you not only to learn the material but to manage your time. It was a tough course, but I'm very happy I took it because now I feel my work ethic is much better prepared for future classes.,5.0,4.0
Although he is passionate in his work, the lectures are heavy and the tests are no easy. Especially considering how there's 2 books in his class... lectures, textbook, and another book is tested. This class has a lower average and the tests are difficult. Some topics are barely even mentioned yet still tested on.,3.0,4.0
Let me put it this way, I used to like sociology :),1.0,5.0
Tests are super hard even when you study well in advance,2.0,5.0
Lorne is very caring and passionate about his lectures and studies. He really cares about his students and I love his class. Such a cutie pie. I go to class just to listen to him talk.,5.0,3.0
Although Lorne is very passionate, HIS CLASS IS SO HARD SO MUCH READING AND THE TESTS R SUPER HARD i dont recommend take the other professor's class. do urself a favor,3.0,4.0
Did not have a good experience in his class. Impossible tests, studied incredibly hard and it did not pay off. Unfair and little room for improvement if you do poorly on one aspect,1.0,5.0
goes very fast during lectures,many slides, not great about questions, tests on things that are never/barely spoken about,2.0,3.0
Speak too fast Too many slides,1.0,5.0
Tepperman is a very good lecturer and brings very interesting, straightforward material to class; the TA was the problem. She marks strictly + did not give an opportunity to gain feedback through a proposal for a paper that is worth 1/3 of your grade. She had very specific expectations as her grading criteria that were not provided in the syllabus,4.0,4.0
I SIMPLY LOVE PROFESSOR TEPPERMAN!!! He's such an amazing professor. His class was the only class I didnt skip the entire school year. The material is so interesting, his lecture style is captivating and assignments are fair! He's also a really funny person, always had me laughing . Don't really get all these bad reviews, he's an awesome prof!,4.0,3.0
The best prof I've had at UofT! Very funny and his passion for sociology really shows in his lectures. Really made sociology interesting. I only went to class to see him, the tests come from the readings so you can skip &still pass as long as you do the readings. I wish Dr. Tepperman could teach all my courses! DO YOUR READINGS and you'll do well,5.0,3.0
Tests were straight from the textbok, so memorize the textbook legit. If you can't go to lecture don't sweat it, letures are repeated from the text so you'll be able to answer the lecture questions on the tests. Easy bird course.,3.0,1.0
you have to read lots to get good marks!,5.0,3.0
I really loved and enjoyed SOC102 with Dr. Tepperman. He made the material relatable to everyday life. The material is very heavy as there are two textbooks for this course (both written by him). He is very approachable in office hours, just by going to office hours once he gave me a research opportunity in sociology.,5.0,4.0
Lectures are waste of time, easy course,2.0,1.0
I went to his office hours to ask questions about the following weeks reading and he told me he wont answer my questions until after the lecture. Like what? Literally the lowest grade I've gotten (72) but yet I worked my ass off. I think he's actually a good lecturer, but his exams are difficult. If you suck at M/C (I suck) then pray its a dif prof,3.0,5.0
originally was intrigued about the course. liked the material. he was absolutely boring & he put me to sleep constantly. his books change every year & made me spend extra $$ - the course is too overloaded - must do all readings with both books to JUST pass - no assignments - 2x 25% midterms & 1 final worth 50% - tough - slides not posted,2.5,5.0
He doesn't give any assignments or homework. There are 2 term tests during the course, and the questions are all multiple choices. You must do all the readings or you won't pass,3.0,4.0
Pretty bad class in my opinion. Loads of reading, including a terribly boring book about "Flows" which he wrote. He didn't make the material interesting at all. The material was very easy to digest, but there was just a ton of memorization, which made it feel like highschool. Unless you know you love soc, don't take this class and avoid this prof.,4.0,4.0
Good professor.,2.0,3.0
Best professor I've ever had. Excellent, inspiring, amusing and captivating. I'd take the class over and over again just to attend his lectures,5.0,4.0
He is a good professor, who made the material interesting and approachable. However the tests were about specific statistics, in specific years, and too much in depth to get the big picture of sociology. Reading is a must!,3.5,4.0
Very funny and amazing professor, the grade you get is proportional to the work you put in this course. The material is very straightforward but require you to sit down and read. A lot of kids complain about him, but usually those people don't ever do the readings, or half-ass them.,3.5,1.0
Interesting material, but lots of memorizing. You have to go to class to pass,2.0,4.0
He's an amazing prof. The class requires a lot of work, reading and all-nighters in order to get a good grade, but the topics covered by Dr. Tepperman are amazing. He's really passionate about social inequalities, and he transmits this passion through his lectures. He's also hilarious and motivational. I would recommend this course to everyone.,4.0,4.0
Really recommend this course! He's an excellent professor.,4.0,2.0
If you take this course be prepared for a lot of rote memorization. Concepts are not difficult, but there is a lot of material. Lectures are long and not organized particularly well. He speaks much too quickly and it is often difficult to take down everything that he is saying. He openly mocks students questions and I dreaded his class every week.,1.5,4.0
I took SOC102 and 103. Didn't buy the textbook for either (he assigns books he wrote every year); borrowed it from the library if I felt like going more in depth than what was on the slides. Good course if you like rote memorization. Went to all the lectures for 102, none for 103, only studied before tests, got 78 in both. Easy A with more effort.,3.0,2.0
His tests are REALLY tough and tricky. He makes those options look very similar so you have to pay really close attention to the textbook and lecture slides to memorize EVERYTHING. Jesus.. Don't you know that we have another four or five courses to study? Well, do not recommend him especially to those who just hate multiple choices questions,1.5,5.0
The course material is long and sometimes dry. But he does a good job of teaching. Do the readings, attend lectures, and apply what you learn to day-to-day life and you'll find that an A is easy. U of T is a rigourous school, and anything less challenging than his course would be a waste. Don't be lazy, put the effort in and you'll do fine.,3.5,2.0
I am an Engineer who took Soc as an elective. I really enjoyed this class and found it really easy. I had 6 courses overall with this semester but this was by far the least course load. As long as you do your weekly readings ( 3 hours each) you'll do fine on the term tests. UNDERSTAND what is written rather than memorize and you'll do fine!,3.0,3.0
Okay I am going to be 100% honest with all my words. He has done what he was supposed to do except making guideline for final exam. Things are not hard at all !!! but whats going to kill you is the amount of things that you memorize. Even if you read a lot, it won't help at all because repeatedly reading textbook is never going to help,1.0,4.0
Tepperman's lectures are long and his ideas are not organized well. He expects everyone to think like he does that's why he sets 100 multiple choice questions for the tests. I would advise people who hate memorizing to reconsider taking this course, because that's all there is to be honest. The readings are essential to passing.,2.0,4.0
Teppermans class is pretty awesome and he's enjoyable to listen to. His class is fun and enjoyable and is really eye opening about how groups interact and how these interactions work with inequality. His tests are not super hard as long as you understand the main concepts and attend lectures.,3.5,3.0
he asks detailed questions on test. you have to memorize statistics,2.5,5.0
I'm currently taking my second course with him (SOC103) but really enjoyed SOC102 ! :)I really don't know what everyone is complaining about his lectures are interesting and the tests are pretty standard. He does ask a few statistical type questions but the majority are pretty straight forward. He is a great prof ! :),4.0,2.0
Worst professor ever. He was always very condescending and arrogant, and enjoys making fun of students' questions. A majority of his time is spent criticizing feminism and talking about his textbooks. Terrible professor, would not recommend.,1.0,5.0
OK class, he tends to ramble a lot. Terrible tests that do not focus on relevant information but rather very specific details. A lot of reading.,3.5,2.0
Half year course. two midterms worth 25% each an final worth 50%. Very picky with little facts and pointless statistics; general ideas or theories were rarely tested on. definitely would not recommend this course. Everyone left the lecture in a bad mood when he was in one (even in con hall). often messes up answers on tests and exams.,2.5,4.0
I liked him a lot. I think that if people were more interested in what he had to say than their iPhone screens we would live in a better world.,4.5,3.0
Really great, thorough prof. He definitely challenges his students with his tests, but his lectures are really clear, and he explains concepts well. He has a good sense of humour, and throws jokes in now and then to keep class fun. I've taken two classes with Tepperman.,4.5,3.0
100 multiple choice questions are probably not the best way to evaluate one's knowledge of the course material. He often runs out of time and still expects us to know the slides he skipped over and include them on the test material.,1.0,5.0
people are complaining how his tests are too specific but how is that bad? His tests are literally word for word from the textbook, and YOU HAVE THE TEXTBOOK! basically you have the answers...so I dont understand how that is a huge "problem" for students. Plus, his lectures are interesting and follow the text nicely as well.Do your readings=85%+,5.0,2.0
Very fun professor to work with. Draws up funny and clear anologies during his class to make sense to the student.It seems that alot of negative feedback is given from 1st year students in the huge classes but in the smaller more interactive classes(such as mine) people enjoy the classes immensely. I will definitely take another class with him,4.0,2.0
All of his lectures are really common sense. I don't understand why he creates his tests so confusing eventhough stuffs he knows truly lacks novelty...,1.0,5.0
Condescending, arrogant, and overall just plain rude. The tests are too specific; some questions are drawn from statistics hidden in the most obscure graphs, which are shown only for a few seconds in lecture. Too much readings for a half year course, and the readings use sociological jargons that was never taught. Overall, don't take this course.,2.5,5.0
Never ever ever ever take this course as an elective, don't even consider, especially if you are not "awesome" with memorization. He just talks about random stuff in lectures and almost all the readings have to be memorized to get a decent grade. BroTip: don't take it, just don't...,2.0,4.0
Interesting material, but tests are way too detailed, and there is a large amount of reading. You don't really need to go to lectures because almost all of it is covered in the reading.,3.0,4.0
Too much reading for a half-year. Test prtty detailed; ask for numbers in table.,3.0,5.0
Too hard! Too scattered! Too much readings! Too detailed tests!,2.0,5.0
Useless prof. Useless lectures. Useless course. I'm an Engineering student and I feel engineering courses are way easier than this course. Social Inequalities. Tepperman. What a joke. btw the class average was ~64 BEFORE the exam.,1.0,4.0
No longer a bird course. Class average is 64 for midterm1 and 63 for midterm2. Median grade around 63-64 for both. The avg grade should have been higher for midterm2 supposing that those who failed have dropped the course but it was not the case. (This is not a comment by a non-studious person.),3.5,5.0
It has been my experience that with Tepperman, you will receive awesome amounts of attention and useful help if you are genuinely: hard working, interested, outgoing and mature. He is available and supportive if you properly take advantage of him as the professor he is.,5.0,4.0
Amazing lecturer! Really enjoyed everyone of the classes and the tests were very fair. He made it clear that the tests were mainly from the books so I don't why people are complaining. And yes the books are written by him but he is a researcher. He is presenting his research and ideas to us and I think he made that clear.,5.0,2.0
The course was really interesting! Tepperman is a very engaging lecturer, and although his presentations are at times scattered, I listened the whole way through. I just wish there was another method of evaluation... An essay, and more tutorials perhaps.,4.0,3.0
the Social Inequalities course was extremely straight forward, a good intro course that opens your eyes to not only social problems, but solutions too! You don't actually need to attend all the lectures to pass.. just do the readings and understand the basic concepts (of which there's about 5),4.5,2.0
Talks only about one point of view, the two books used for the course, he wrote.,1.5,4.0
He was good but scattered lectures. He makes good jokes, tests were easy and classes were not boring. Not the best but certainly above average.,3.5,1.0
He wrote both of the textbooks used in the class (each chalk full of spelling and grammar mistakes). Disorganized lecturer, but the tests were super easy.,1.5,4.0
He's really straight forward with his ideas, and so are his exams. Its always fun to listen to mustache jokes in class,4.5,2.0
Worst professor I've had so far. Lectures are very scattered and unorganized.,1.0,5.0
Took his SOC 327 & 382. Amazing professor, definitely the best Ive had in UofT. Lectures are very interesting, bringing in relevant material to add to text. genuinely cares for his students and gives you a chance to shine. try and join his work-study groups - that's where all the fun is. Highly recommend this professor, and try and get to know him,5.0,3.0
You will meet few professors who genuinely care for their students as much as Prof. Tepperman. He expects a lot from his students and they have every right to learn from him. He is easily misunderstood by students unfamiliar with his teaching-style, which is more participatory and democratic. He has devoted his entire life to teaching & scholarship,4.5,2.0
great prof.,4.0,3.0
I wish I never took this course. He does not deserve the esteemed position he holds in this University: he doesn't teach, does not help students and will demean and embarass them any chance he gets. Please avoid this class and avoid making the same mistake that I, and apparently others, did.,1.0,5.0
i hate him his comments are not constructive feedback just plain rude and not helpful. Its his way or NO WAY! he only likes one style writing (elementary short sentences) and if you do write in a scholarly manner than you r pretty much SCREWED! hes rude, obnoxious and biased. AVOID HIM!,1.0,5.0
Ever since i took his first class soc101 I avoided him ever since--not helpful at all and very arrogant like he runs****--,1.5,4.0
God I hated this class. I don't think this guy said more than 10 words in a single lecture, other than the lecture where he WASTED our time irrelevently talking about HIS research. Very arrogant and rude. In a course which lasted 3 months, 2.5 of those months were spent on student presentations. I wish I never paid to take this class.,1.0,5.0
- far too much emphasis on participation -does not actually lecture, you have to read the textbooks yourself and class discussions have nothing to do with text material-obvious favouritism-good if he likes you bad if he doesnt-course on social issues turned into a course on public speaking, not what i paid for-comments discouraging not constructive,2.0,5.0
Had him second year and have avoided any class he teaches ever since...i'm in my last year and he is probably the worst professor i have had through my university experience...if he doesn't like you u dont get a good mark, and he just seems so arrogant,1.5,5.0
His lectures are not helpful at all since all material on the test are from the textbooks. The test focus too much on statistics making it hard instead of actual concepts of the course. The textbooks(which he wrote)are boring and expensive and not used next semister,so hard to sell. All said, course=expensive,boring,difficult for the wrong reasons.,3.0,4.0
Ok so his lecture are straight forward, easily to understand and follow. BUT, his first test was alright, not too bad, then he dropped a bomb for Test #2, the Multiple Choice section. It was BRUTAL - the questions were unncessarily beyond hard for a first year course! Unnnnreal.,4.0,5.0
I can see how he is not too popular with the students, however his class was my only A first year at U of T. He is very straightforward and lectures go exaclty with the book. very clear slides and basically spoon feeds the information. multiple choice tests can be trciky, but once you get how to do them its better.,4.0,3.0
When I visited my old high school early in first year, one of my former teachers had Tepperman when HE was at U of T - this guy has been around for a while.. Not a bad prof, but kind of greedy for making you buy three of his books. Tests are completely unpredictable and heavy on stats. Overall, not a bad course, but very dense.,3.0,5.0
Throughout my four years at U of T, I have never met a professor as demeaning and biased as Tepperman. If he likes you, you're set (as another member wrote). If not, you're screwed.,2.0,3.0
absolutely horrible. if he likes you, you are set. if he doesnt, then youre done. so suck up from day one. class material is interesting and lecture style is fun. but he ll kill you on teh participation marks. worst prof experience ive ever had.,2.5,4.0
Tepperman's lectures are a waste of time. Just read his texts (yes "his", he makes you buy his books) and memorize all the ridiculous, irrelevant statistics in order to navigate through the very tricky multiple-choice tests.,3.0,3.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
I was really excited to take this class but it was such a disappointment. The tests were unfair and the readings were incredibly repetitive.,1.0,4.0
He's passionate about sociology & stats. The Think Twice book is great. The workload is crazy! The test don't reflect the learning (he's a stats freak). He thinks he's politically correct but he often makes inappropriate & assumptive comments, but shockingly he admits when he's wrong. Breezes through his slides. Tough course but interesting.,3.5,4.0
i was excited for sociology..however i hated his class. Lectures are boring and dont reflect the material we are expected to know for the tests. Very challenging course.,2.0,4.0
Interesting materials but workload is too high. Sometimes his lecture is confusing.,2.0,3.0
Course material is easy. However course load is high. Lectures are a waste of time,though he tries to make them interesting. Tests are multiple choice, moderate difficulty. Final Exam is cumulative. If you have to take SOC101 take Tepperman vs the other professor; He is easier. Overall interesting course, but definitely not a bird course,4.5,3.0
bad tests....... stupid questions,3.0,3.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
ok i came into SOC101 thinkign it was a bird course..and its not! hes a very nice person who makes class interesting, but gives us extremely hard tests,3.0,5.0
This course is more challenging then most people expect. There is a ton of reading, and the tests are very tricky. Learn your stats and the small details. Go to Study groups - they help a lot and dont leave the reading to the week before the tests. I've learned my lesson and to make it easier for you, read as you get the material.,2.5,4.0
this is why first year at U of T is so brutal. Easy classes made hard and unpredicatable to weed ppl out. Tepperman seems like a good guy, but the test formats are way unfair.,3.0,3.0
I can't stand it when prof's make us by all their stupid textbooks so they can get a paycheck (like, American soc for Americans..what??). He's not great at all, a total name dropper, sits on a high horse, has been teaching the same course for like 15 years or something. SOMETIMES he cracks a good joke...thats rare though.,3.0,1.0
Tepperman is a good prof! I personally like his sense of humor but a lot of people dont. His lectures are long with a lot of slides and he moves fairly quickly-the subject material is interesting at times and boring at others but Tepperman tries to keep everything going with his jokes. Tests are ok. Lectres can feel realy long but overall gr8 class,4.0,3.0
Don't Take this Class, unless u enjoy reading and have a lot of time in your hand.,3.0,5.0
gives confusing tests...is a nice prof but way too boring in my opinion. Tepperman says SOC101 is a bird course, yet its soo hard! i like the topics discussed in class though,3.5,4.0
I have never met a professor with fewer social graces in any class I have taken. I hear all he has published for years is intro. textbooks.,1.0,3.0
One of the best profs i've had. You read an article that you think is really uninteresting and he talks about it in class and brings it to life making you understand it in a whole new way. Sooo helpful. Really wants you to succeed. Takes a genuine interest in his students. Such a great guy. Clearly loves what he does and this passion is contagious.,5.0,4.0
A wonderful teacher (refreshing for the U of T). This course however was not as interesting as I thought it would be. Prof Tepperman is a very interesting person, very knowledgeable, flexible in terms of meeting his students' needs, and an all around good guy, so he saved the course.,5.0,3.0
Great teacher and human being. Incredibly knowledgeable, helpful and kind. The best!,5.0,1.0
Listens well, open-minded. I had a problem with some of the things he said about other periods of history since he got the facts wrong.,4.0,2.0
Took his class 2 summers ago. In 4 months,we did more reading than the class that runs for twice as long in the fall/winter terms. Course reader (rough copy his unpublished book, errors & all) was expensive. But Tepperman was very approachable & helpful.,4.5,4.0
Good teacher. However, constantly makes references to the holocaust. Tends to stifle debate within the class.,5.0,1.0
Fantastic Prof. Clear, good lecturer, encourages student participation. He is interesting, open minded. Would highly recommend taking his course.,5.0,5.0
extremely intelligent. may seem intimidating at first, but is very caring, and understanding. Gives honest feedback in HELP, not to belittle. SOC327 best course i've taken,5.0,3.0
Awesome,5.0,3.0
where did they get this clown?,1.0,4.0
No Comments,2.5,2.0
Soc 101ers have Prof Tepperman wrong. He is a wonderful and smart prof.,4.5,3.0
very interesting professor,4.0,2.0
Does he even do research or just publish intro textbooks?-,3.0,3.0
He's BORING and CHILDISH,2.0,4.0
he usually makes the students question their answers,4.0,1.0
He's easy going and pretty funny... but he always thinks HE is right (of course),4.0,2.0
One of the funniest professor I have ever seen!!,5.0,2.0
I have taken many classes with Clinefelter, this was just my most recent. She is an amazing professor. She is so knowledgeable. This is the third class I took with her and I plan for more. She is a difficult grader, and the class is super paper-heavy (they are the only grades), but once you figure out what she is looking for, it is smooth sailing.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Clinefelter is an amazing professor! The first paper is always graded the harshest so that you will improve from the feedback she gives you. She likes to have fun in class and joke around sometimes. Most of what she teachers she relates to the modern world and your life. Very enjoyable class and I will return for more of her teaching.,5.0,4.0
Best Professor ever! She was born to teach and made this class amazing. She is very lecture heavy, but they are interesting and full of character and passion. If you can, take Clinefelter!,5.0,3.0
Dr C is a very harsh grader. Her grading is personal and demeaning, in my opinion. She assigns homework every class but never grades it, theres no point in doing that except to put stress on the student.,2.0,4.0
Dr C is highly knowledgeable and extremely fair and thorough in grading. You will not get all A's in your first class with her, but if you listen to her feedback she will teach you how to get all A's in practically every other course. She is really fantastic,5.0,4.0
Dr. Clinefelter kinda tells you what she wants in a round-about way and then nails you for not giving her what she expected. Tough on citations. This is not a film study class but you will write a review of the film, personally I didnt care for the film, gave it a less than 5 star review and my grade reflected my film review.,2.0,4.0
Dr. Clinefelter was made to teach! She knows how to effectively deliver information to students as she molds them to become true historians. I enjoyed every class I took from her and though she requires lots of reading and writing, her book selections are excellent and her feedback on papers elevate students' ability to write.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Clinefelter is amazing. She gives easy extra credit opportunities on the discussion boards- which aren't boring by the way- and she grades fairly. There are two papers, but if you follow her instructions exactly you will get a good grade. Highly recommend, just read the PowerPoints and participate and you'll be good.,5.0,3.0
Shes super fun and interesting, highly recommend,5.0,3.0
Dr. C is the best prof I've ever had. She is so clear about all her assignments and is a very fair grader. She gives great feedback and really cares about class experience. Pretty easy assignments, sometimes her lectures are long but if you are a good note taker they aren't bad.,5.0,2.0
Dr. C was the only reason I woke up to go to a lecture at 9 am. She loves teaching her subject and she also cares about her students and she makes that very clear. Her tests are all essay based but if you come to her interesting lectures youll get an easy A.,5.0,3.0
I absolutely love Dr. Clienfelter! She makes class so interesting and is incredibly funny, understanding, and approachable. She is by far one of the best professors I've had at UNC and she makes me wish I was a history major so I could take more of her classes. She is very passionate about her field and overall an amazing professor,5.0,3.0
Dr. C clearly cares about the subject she is teaching and this makes her class so much more engaging. She teaches history clearly, and she tries to make it as interesting as possible. She also doesn't make you buy/read a textbook!,5.0,3.0
She is an amazing historian and there is no reason why you would want to skip her class. Even the lectures she says are "the most boring" are incredible and she is the best at what she does.,5.0,3.0
Joan is the best history teacher I have ever had! She will use multiple examples to help you understand the time period. She will relate revolutionary subjects together and she really engage students in her lectures. I definitely recommend taking her class.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Clinefelter is awesome, I had her for western civilization 1600-present or whatever and i loved it. She was understanding when I asked for extensions, and her few assignments she gives are kinda interesting.,5.0,3.0
One of the best teachers at UNC.,5.0,3.0
Dr. C is very passionate about history, which makes the class really interesting. She has a great personality and is funny. Attendance isn't mandatory, but the class is definitely easier if you show up and she notices when people haven't shown up. Grading isn't too harsh and is based off of midterm, final, and about 4 papers.,5.0,3.0
Ignore the passive voice. Joan Clinefelter makes you look forward to coming to class. Her lectures leave you wanting more and will genuinely strike your interest. I wish all the rest of my professors were as interesting as her. Also, I don't think any other professor cares more about their area of expertise than she does and it is very apparent.,5.0,3.0
BEST PROFESSOR EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,5.0,4.0
Dr. Clinefelter is a phenomenal professor and undoubtedly the best professor at UNC!,5.0,2.0
Hands down, the best professor at UNC. I am not alone in this opinion either - everyone I know has said nothing, but phenomenal praise, and rightly so. She will help you in any way she can and truly loves her content area and can make it so approachable and interesting! Learned more in her class, than I have in all my other UNC classes combined!,5.0,3.0
I always looked forward to coming to Joan Clinefelter's class. She is passionate about history and has mastered her lectures to allow them to be both informative and entertaining.,5.0,1.0
She is the best professor I have ever had. Her class and lectures and truly inspiring to history majors and nonmajors alike. Also, go to her study sessions - you will get all you need to know for the test. Very supportive and helpful if you go to office hours! Her passion about her subject area shines through to students.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Clinefelter makes Western Civ. fun. She doesn't assign much homework, and what she does assign she makes sure is very clear and easy to understand. Same with her tests.,5.0,1.0
Either you love her or you hate her. She is the type of teacher that is incredibly strict in citations, writing styles, and historical thinking. Her passion is unrivaled, though. She loves her topic, she loves talking about it, is very honest and straight forward, and never minds clarifying as requested. Phenomenal teacher and deserving of praise.,5.0,4.0
By far my favorite teacher for my freshman year. Very enthusiastic and clear about what she teachers. She cares about her students and helping them do well. Hard exams, but well worth taking her class.,5.0,3.0
Easily one of the best teachers at UNC. Period. I have had several classes with her now and she is simply a great teacher. be careful of the dreaded citation assignment though. She is a stickler for proper citing style.,5.0,3.0
She is the chair of the History department but don't let that scare you away. She is very clear on what she wants and is very helpful if you want to talk to her in her office.,4.5,4.0
I didn't even have her as a professor, but stumbled upon her when I asked if she had seen my lost keys. She called the campus police, every professor in the History department, the library, the English department and no dice. The effort was so greatly appreciated as every other professor I came across just blew me off. Wonderful person.,5.0,4.0
She is phenomenal.,5.0,3.0
AMAZING!,5.0,3.0
She is engaging and extremely knowledgeable. I have never had a class outside of my major that I was so excited to attend. She makes everything easy to understand. She is not only approachable, but it feels like she actually wants to help you. It was refreshing.,5.0,3.0
'Sup! Achtung, my weak sauces...you will take my sister's classes...and she will make you work hard. And don't even think of cheating...or our father (the Kaiser) will haunt your sorry taila. And, read her book...it seriously ROCKS :),5.0,5.0
SHE IS THE BEST TEACHER AT UNC! DON'T LEAVE WITHOUT TAKING AT LEAST ONE CLASS WITH HER!!,5.0,4.0
She is amazing!,5.0,3.0
Incredible lecturer and amazing person, helpful honest and a great adviser even if she's not your assigned one.,5.0,3.0
FANTASTIC! She may be hard, but damn, she's worth it!,5.0,5.0
Although her lecture style is fast, I learned more from this history class than I ever have before. Plus there isn't a textbook... just novels!,4.5,4.0
AWESOME TEACHER!!! She is a great teacher!,4.0,3.0
Very interesting class. I always enjoyed attending her class.,5.0,4.0
Clinefelter is definately the best history professor at UNC and probably just the best professor on campus. I have taken several of her classes. I honestly enjoyed them and learned a lot. She is very helpful and always takes time to talk any student who needs help. I highly recommend any of her courses.,5.0,4.0
I had professor Clinefelter several times through my years at UNC including my senior thesis course. She was a wonderful Professor you could learn a lot from and be challenged by, but never felt afraid to approach.,5.0,4.0
definitely one of the most interesting and engaging classes i have ever taken. I highly recommend her classes.,5.0,3.0
hooray!,5.0,5.0
Great teacher!,5.0,3.0
Amazing class and wonderful woman!,5.0,5.0
the very best history professor at UNC,5.0,3.0
I've taken several classes with Dr. C, and she's my advisor... if you have a chance to take one of her classes on Germany, don't miss it. Hitler's Germany was one of the best History courses I've had here.,4.5,4.0
She was my advisor. She helped me out with all my graduation stuff before I left, and when I had a problem I knew I could go to her and she'd help me out! :),5.0,3.0
great!,5.0,4.0
Dr. Clinefelter is amazing! Of all the classes that I took in College, Hers is the only one that I kept the book from and believe it or not, I can still find my notes. That was over 10 years ago.,5.0,4.0
This woman really knows her stuff. I've had her for a few classes and she really knows what's goin' on and is really able to make all the topics clear, understandable, palatable and fun.,5.0,3.0
Good class.,5.0,4.0
Take her class!! You wont be dissapointed!,5.0,2.0
Amazing professor...really knows her stuff!!,5.0,3.0
awesome!,5.0,4.0
No Comments,3.5,5.0
Here is UNC's best! Take a class-you'll be happy you did!,5.0,3.0
Sweet guy and you can tell he cares and takes his students into consideration.,5.0,3.0
He is an amazing professor, he cares about his students and wants to see all of us succeed. He makes class interesting and talks about his experiences in other countries to help make connections. In my opinion, he has made a dumb LAC class worth it. I definitely recommend taking his class.,5.0,2.0
Professor Klein is a real nice dude who is super generous. When talking about Geography, he gets extremely into it. The course did have a bunch of tests, but theyre mentioned prior to the start of the semester.,5.0,3.0
Phil is a great professor. Personally I would not take him again because his voice was very monotone and that does not work for me. But his lectures are pretty interesting. Make sure to be ready for map quizzes, they are a large part of this course and keeping up on the news as well. His tests are pretty easy and fair, they are multiple-choice tho,4.0,3.0
Knows what hes talking about and has experienced it,5.0,4.0
He's an awesome teacher. The tests can be hard if you don't study for them. Take advantage of the extra credit he gives on map quizzes. Those definitely helped keep my grade up. Go to class everyday and at the end of semester you can get extra points. If you are on the edge(89.9) of a grade he will usually push you up if you an active participant.,4.0,3.0
phil is awesome. he is super passionate and this class was super fun to me. I never read except for when we had quizzes online. his class is super easy and he teaches about all sorts of countries. theres two tests and a final, and then three homeworks. theres 5 map quizzes of every continenet except the USA. theres online quizzes on every chap,easy,5.0,2.0
Phil Klein was such a great professor! I would recommend him to every one I know. He truly cares about his students, will get to learn your name, and gives you plenty of opportunities to succeed.,5.0,3.0
Personally I felt that the class was kind of boring and that the tests were graded fairly difficultly. Hes a nice guy most of the time and the class does have a few interesting parts but I wouldnt take it again. The study guides arent helpful on the test.,3.0,5.0
Dr. Klein is absolutely amazing. I learned so much from him and his class. He genuinely cares about each student and it shows. TAKE A CLASS WITH HIM IF YOU CAN!!!!,5.0,3.0
Incredible teacher. He is so passionate about what hes teaching which makes it more interesting to learn. He does give a good amount of homework but it's not hard and it really helps boost your grade if you haven't done well on a test. His tests are fair but you definitely need to study for him.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Klein was always energetic and ready to teach. His enthusiasm was easily transferred to us, making us eager to pay attention. Online assessments every once and awhile and map quizzes in the beginning of the semester. Review your notes so you don't have to cram before tests.,4.0,3.0
Professor Klein is knowledgeable in his field and has first-hand experience with the information that he teaches. Attendance is required. He has many online quizzes, map quizzes and exams. The study guides given for the exams are not helpful. Make sure you read the textbook and take notes during class! If you need help, go to his office hours.,3.0,5.0
Dr. Klein is awesome. He's nice, engaging in lectures, and quite funny. As long as you do the work he assigns and keep up, the class isn't bad at all. His expectations are clear, and he's accessible outside of class. I would highly recommend him.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Klein is an amazing professor! He knows exactly what he is talking about and is very passionate about it. He's hilarious and makes class super fun. He is very approachable and there is extra credit for attendance. Tests are very easy and the material is exactly what is on the tests, definitely recommend his class!,5.0,2.0
Phil Klein is the man. The first few lectures are a little dry, but once he starts talking about different countries it gets super interesting! I loved this class so much! Way more interesting than Tim Vowles class. 4 tests and maybe two short papers. If you follow his examples, the papers are super easy. Study the powerpoints for the tests.,4.5,3.0
very good professor,5.0,1.0
Klein is an amazing professor! By far one of my favorites I've had so far! He is very passionate about what he teaches and is always more than willing to help you out if you need it. Tests are hard but if you put in the effort to study, it will be easy! I would highly recommend taking his class!,5.0,2.0
Really enjoyed class with him. We did a lot of fun activities and his lesson plans made things very clear. I would highly recommend any class with him. His passion of teaching is very obvious each and every day.,4.5,4.0
An amazing professor, more than willing to help you when you ask. Transfers his passion for Geography to his students well. In my section we participated in a European Collaboration with students from different countries. It was amazing forced me to grow as a person and a student. Tests are hard, but if you're in class, you're fine!,5.0,3.0
Professor Klein is a great guy... He knows what he's teaching and is very passionate about it. Quite a bit of work... I had him during the summer and the work was pretty intense. Tests are hard.. but if you go to class you'll be fine.,5.0,3.0
Great teacher and person. Highly recommended.,5.0,4.0
Prof. Klein is very helpful--he was always willing to work with students outside of class to ensure understanding. His tests aren't easy, but if you show up for class (attendance is randomly taken) and study, you will be fine. His lectures are engaging and really fun. I highly recommend this intelligent and passionate professor.,5.0,2.0
Real easy. Very passionate guy, and makes the info interesting enough to not zone out. Take notes and study for map quizes and you're good to go! It's god to know what's going on in the world. and he did a good job in covering it.,5.0,2.0
I love this guy! He is passionate and loves geography.,5.0,1.0
good guy. had him a few times,4.0,3.0
He is an awesome teacher. He makes sure that everyone knows what he is teaching, and is very approachable if you need help. I would recommed him to anyone that wants to take a geog class.,5.0,1.0
I love Professor Kline, he inspires and explains the material as simple as possible. He gets the criteria across and he is a good guy to get to know.,4.5,3.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
Best Geography professor out there! Made me LOVE geography!,5.0,2.0
Awesome person as well as an awesome teacher. Did well in class..,5.0,2.0
He enjoys what he teaches and always finds ways to interact and get you to make connections. You do write papers every other week, but it really is not hard and he gives good feedback for you to improve. You really don't need to stress too much about this class.,4.0,2.0
If you want to be pushed and learn you will love Welsh. If you want a good grade and to just get the credit he probably is not your guy.,5.0,5.0
Busy work, long tangents, spent 25 min of a 50 min class talking about the history of a word that did not pertain to the lecture. Reading assignments are fine, classroom discussion would be okay if he did not take over to talk about specific words and Trump/Biden. Written assignments are tedious and grading on them is unclear.,1.0,4.0
This class was awful. The class is lecture heavy and all of the exams are written. Welsh does not use canvas, all essays have to be turned in on paper and the grade book was left pretty much entirely unused. School has been out for almost two weeks and he still has not graded our final.,1.0,5.0
This was the most difficult class I've ever taken. You get easy points from the readings but tests are virtually impossible and he just rambles the entire class. His PowerPoints are 0 help with the blue book exams and he's a harsh grader. He's a nice guy, and clearly very passionate about his subject, but not a great teacher. Wouldn't take again.,1.0,5.0
I would never take his class again!! He does not make anything clear of what he wants from you. I have been in his class for six weeks now, and I still don't know what the purpose of history 329 is.,1.0,4.0
Not worth it. Went into office hours to ask for feedback/help and got told its your fault not mine has hidden expectations on every assignment. And I love history and his class is not worth it. Everything is in writing and tests on stuff that isnt in the PowerPoint/lectures. Constantly goes off topic and communication is nonexistent with him.,1.0,5.0
He does not try and work with you on your grade at all. I had one assignment graded out of the five I did, and I got a 55% for the whole class because he put in only my worst grade. When I asked him about it, he said I needed to steady harder rather than offering alternative help.,1.0,5.0
Professor Welsh tries to convey content in a very vague and rambling way. Often it isn't clear what point he is trying to make or what you are expected to take away from a lecture. He also seems to grade papers on very random, insignificant details, despite not making expectations clear. Communication and engagement are nonexistent. Best avoided.,1.0,4.0
Professor Welsh is very difficult to learn from. Most of the time he would go on random tangents-- where he talked about things that he expected you to remember for the tests but didn't include in the powerpoint. Every test and quiz is writing-based, and very difficult to pass unless you are very specific and know every detail. Would not take again,1.0,4.0
He cannot communicate to save his life and he has hidden expectations on the essay exams. You are probably reading this and thinking "I have faced adversity in teachers before so I can make it work here too!" this was me, and I was wrong. Do not take this class with this professor, he will not be a good teacher for your academic achievements.,1.0,5.0
Toughest professor I've ever had, and unforgiving. Miss more than seven days and you automatically get 20% taken off your grade, even if you're doing well in the class. Pointless stories that don't relate to class, and tests are impossible.,1.0,5.0
Doesnt keep up with initial schedule on syllabus,2.0,4.0
Take Prof. Welsh's course if you like dry PowerPoints, monotonous writing assignments, and being talked down to.,1.0,3.0
Professor Welsh is pretty tough, but so long as you participate in class, show up to class, and don't do things that he would perceive as disrespectful (another class' homework, texting/playing on your phone) then you should be alright. Studying hard is also recommended as the exams are essay exams and he is a fairly tough grader.,4.0,4.0
Good teacher, but when writing papers and for the test you need to be super specific about every detail or he docks you quite a bit of points. This is the only difficult part. Make sure that you have the book for this class, their are quite a bit of assignments that correlate with the book,3.0,4.0
He is a very tough grader. I am a B average student but I could not get higher than a 79% on his exams. He is very unclear with what he wants for his papers. For his exams he wants extra information that was not in the lectures or textbooks.,1.0,4.0
As long as you don't miss 3 days you automatically get 10% added to your grade! Just make sure you turn in all of your papers! The advantage you have is on Friday you talk about the chapter you read, just make sure take notes because he basically tells you what he wants you to write about. Exams are all on the blue book!,5.0,3.0
Welsh constantly used words like "hashtag" and tried to compare every little thing to social media for some reason. It was incredibly intrusive and wasted a lot of time, and showed how he viewed his students as teenagers rather than adults. He also required attendance, and then would get mad when people didn't seem like they wanted to be there.,1.0,4.0
If you're like me, terrible at history/ social studies, take it online. Micheal is a great teacher, but he shows no mercy and has very high expectations. If you don't read, you'll fail (spark notes are not helpful). He's great at answering questions, thorough lecturing, and giving feedback. He's a good teacher, but very difficult.,3.0,4.0
Rude, tries to connect with you and its bad,1.0,5.0
He is a horrible professor. He goes off of the subject and wastes class time telling stories that the class has no interest in. He cuts students off while they are in the middle of speaking. He makes references to people and things and usually is offensive when making jokes, especially about race. Would not recommend his class at all.,1.0,3.0
He was one of the least helpful professors when I went in outside of class he told me that i wasnt trying and made me cry... not a great professor,1.0,4.0
I was pleasantly surprised by this class after reading the reviews here. While there are several papers they are only 2 pages each, and he gives comprehensive study guides at least a week before every test. I took this class as a freshman and i was a little nervous but it was a perfectly fine experience and he gives help if you ask for it.,5.0,3.0
Attendance is required! He grades unfairly and will forget what you talk to him about. I took this class to get the credit and wouldnt recommend him.,2.0,5.0
Some people in this class have really bad attitudes or do homework for other class, so it makes hi frustrated as it should. He is still a fantastic professor regardless and only wants to help you pass. Definitely the best professor for teaching this course.,5.0,3.0
Just remember, the only people that usually rate things are the ones that are mad about something. He's a great professor, I don't know what these people are talking about. He doesn't deserve below a 4 on here.,5.0,2.0
His class must have changed since the spring of 2017, because this class is easy. He makes his lectures fun, you just need to pay attention. He really does try to help you, but how can he sympathize with your bad grade if you don't show up to class? I mean come on, give him a break.,5.0,2.0
He never gives his political views, nor does he offend conservative people like me with liberal ideas. I don't know what the other comments are about. All papers written in this class are two pages maximum. Power points have all info for the tests. When he tries to relate history to today's pop culture, his lectures are easy to understand.,5.0,2.0
I read all of the comments below before I took the class. Professor Welsh is a tough grader, but is 100% willing to help you in any way he can. If you don't understand what he is teaching, ask questions. He will not continue to teach if you don't understand. If you go to class, he maps out all of the papers and tests for you. Genuinely good guy.,5.0,3.0
He goes off topic at least 10 times a class period. His lectures make no sense at all. Its never really clear what he really wants you to learn. Ask questions frequently but never actually gives the answer to the questions he asks. If you dont go to class you wont pass. If you're trying to study off his power points good luck they have no info.,1.0,5.0
I only went to class because attendance is mandatory. His lectures make no sense. He makes ridiculous and unnecessary comments about topics that have nothing to do with class. I never got a good grade on tests no matter how hard I studied. When I went in to get help he told me that it was on me for not studying enough and getting help from him.,1.0,4.0
It is clear that he likes the subject her teaches, but he is not very good at staying on topic. He tries to relate events that happened hundreds of year ago to popular topics today, like politics and social media. He is extremely liberal and often offensive to conservatives. There are also way too may papers. I wrote about 11 papers this semester.,1.0,3.0
Dr. Welsh is a very solid professor and is dedicated to his profession. He often goes off topic, but this makes his teaching style more interesting.,4.0,3.0
He goes on crazy tangents and almost always tries to connect history to snapchat (he has no idea what this is btw). Nothing he talks about in class is relevant to the subject matter, you just have to read the book. The questions on the test are literally taken from the back of the chapter. He is crazy about attendance. Don't take his class. Don't.,1.0,4.0
There are two papers and two test and that's it. I used to be a history minor and after this class I switched my minor because he made me hate history that much.,1.0,4.0
He is extremely stingy about attendance, to a point where it will affect your grade if you don't show up. He rambles on and doesn't engage with the students well enough to keep them interested. Harsh grader.,3.0,4.0
As a history major I usually love my history classes but this semester I was completely uninterested. Welsh goes off on tangents very often and they are usually not relevant to the material. He often skips over important parts of history and goes into detail on less important topics. I also have a hard time understanding what he is saying sometimes,1.0,3.0
He's a good enough professor, but he's a huge stickler about attendance. He won't even let you off if a family member dies, which happened to me during his class. He's also super forgetful. He can be very confusing and often goes off on tangents that have nothing to do with the class.,2.0,3.0
Professor Welsh really loves history. But he's taught graduate classes in the past and automatically assumes everyone has a firm grasp in history. He also freaks out about technology going off during class. If not for his teaching assistant and participation I wouldn't have passed the course. Read your books kids.,2.0,4.0
He absolutely sucks. I would not recommend him to anyone except my worst enemy. The stuff he talks about in class is almost never relevant to what will be on the tests. He constantly is off topic and then reaches for a connection to the material. Good luck being on any electronics, he'll probably call you out even though he "doesn't care",1.0,5.0
He doesn't grade based of knowledge of the subject he's teaching. And even when you follow directions for assignments, your grade won't reflect how hard you tried or how well you listened.,2.5,4.0
Welsh is (so far) the worst prof. I've encountered at this school. He really knows what he's talking about but assumes everyone else does too. He uses huge PPs that seem to barely correlate with test material. He will ramble about an off-subject topic and simply say "is that what I'm trying to say?" as if a connection to the material has been made.,2.0,4.0
Mr. Welsh was very helpful on an individual setting. You would think his tests would be easy since he has all of the Power Points printed during the semester, but once you get to tests and papers he is a REALLY hard grader! He is energetic and has lots of info but is very hard and it was a struggle to go a lot because he is so boring too.,3.0,4.0
So off topic! When he did actually talk about history it was opinionated and irrelevant to the overall topic. Huge discrepancies in grading as well! tests are written and I would often have the same exact answers as others, but grades where never the same. If you love history and want to love it after this class, pick another professor!,1.0,5.0
Worst teacher I had at UNC, and my concentration was in History. He's the harshest grader I've ever encountered. I studied hard, went to every class, and even went to his office hours a few times, and nobody in my class, including me, got above a C on anything. You have 3 tests and 2 papers and that's it. Please don't take his class, he's awful!!!,1.0,5.0
He grades so harshly. Its not even fair. You work incredibly hard and even if you go to see him he really doesn't clear anything up. The papers you have to write are all 7 pages and if you aren't psychic there's no way to know what he wants because the prompt is so vague. His lectures don't cover half of the things that he's looking for on the test,1.0,5.0
He is a very hard grader. You have to do alot of work. Three 7 page papers, and 4 test plus the final and attendance is mandatory. I would not recommend him!,2.0,5.0
This professor is terrible. He goes completely off topic so often that it is really hard to figure out what's important. His powerpoints are really long and confusing. He is an insanely hard grader and is extremely picky. As a straight A student, I have received nothing but Cs in this class even after working extremely hard on an assignment.,1.5,5.0
Decent teacher, knew the info, but VERY hard grader. I studied hard and worked really hard on my papers and never really did well on any of them. Only take him if you are ready for A LOT of work.,2.5,5.0
he was a horrible professor. he gives you what you need to know before hand and when you write down every single thing he asked for, he looks for missing parts and basically grades harder then an english teacher would.i ended up withdrawing from the class after suffering through a class that i should of gotten an A in.,2.5,4.0
I hated history this semester. He is way too boring and he goes off topic constantly. He talks about one thing forever so we get through barely anything. His powerpoints are super long. He is a harsh grader. The essays have absolutely nothing to do with the class! I definitely wouldn't recommend.,1.5,5.0
I felt like Michael Welsh was not a good teacher at all. We had to write 3 papers that I felt weren't helpful to what we were learning in class. He also would also stray off topic often. I would not recommend him as a teacher.,2.0,4.0
Very confusing teacher. Goes on tangents then will ask irrelevant questions and same goes for when trying to ask a question on the homework. Do not take if you like History.,1.0,4.0
Dr. Welsh made history interesting and fascinating,4.5,4.0
He has a lot of energy. I really like how he looks at Colorado history through many different "windows" including the women's "window",4.0,2.0
No Comments,2.5,5.0
Favorite History professor! Helped me prepare for teaching! Highly recommend!,5.0,3.0
While very outgoing, friendly, and wanting his students to excel, Dr. Welsh is an extremely difficult prof. He jumps from modern day tirades about the Oprah Show or Rush Limbaugh to past day events, etc. and assigns truckloads of reading...,2.5,4.0
Absolutely fantastic professor! He expects a lot from his students, but he is always willing to help, and he really wants to go that extra mile for his students. He is great! Take him if you can.,5.0,3.0
I am not even fully done with the course and I can not stand this professor. For a class on drones, he spends half of it talking gender politics and the other half at his desk while we work on pointless projects. Didn't even give us an accurate study guide for our midterm, which I just failed as a result! And he has no concern for non GIS students!,1.0,3.0
Dr. Doerner's class was not a bad class so to say, it was just rather boring. It is a lot of lectures and powerpoints with some textbook use. He is very helpful if you have any issues, but the class rarely felt engaging.,3.0,3.0
Dr. Doerner is nice and willing to work with you, but I did not like him as a professor. His lectures were not very engaging and the overall class does not spark inspiration. He seemed condescending at times and did not seem to love the material he was teaching. He's okay, but I wouldn't take one of his classes again.,2.0,3.0
the class is designed for you to pass. all lecture classes, he does a good job presenting the material. Take notes and you will definitely get an A. there a a few small assignments throughout the semester, all very easy. Tests are multiple choice and a study guide is handed out for each test. you can't fail if you study what is on the guide.,4.0,2.0
the class is simple. there are occasional activities that he hands out in class but he puts them on canvas so its very accessible. the only bad thing is he reads off of his slides verbatim so sitting through class is miserable i went turned he activities in & thats it. i did the study guides & activities, never went for the full class & got an A!,4.0,2.0
His class was so easy and he was such a nice professor. SHOW UP and I promise you wont need to even study but still overview. His test were easy all multiple choice. Not heavy on homework. Overall felt like a high school class. EASY A.,5.0,2.0
Doerner was a decent professor. There were few assignments outside of required textbook readings, and when there were, they were very simple. Tests were easy as long as you read and paid attention to his lectures. Unless you take interest in the material, lectures can get boring, but he covers all different aspects of each world region.,3.0,3.0
He is very knowledgable and well travelled, so you will most likely leave the class learning more than just geography. Lectures can get boring, but they are informative. There are a few in class assignments that you can make up if you miss, and a few that you can't, so it's safer to show up. Tests are difficult if you don't read the textbook.,4.0,1.0
He gives you study guides for the tests but there are many things that you're tested on that are not on the study guide. His class is so boring, lectures are long, and I never looked forward to going to class. Nice guy and teaches well but I didn't feel like I learned much.,2.0,4.0
Dr. Doerner is by far the nicest professor I've ever had, and he makes everything very clear. His assignments are very helpful, and he really makes sure his students learn a lot without doing unnecessary work. I'm looking forward to taking another one of his classes.,4.5,2.0
Had to take this class and I loved it! Prof was very understanding. I had to go to New York during the second "midterm" and he let me take it early. He was amazing and thankful for him.,4.5,2.0
Professor Doerner is great. His lectures can get long and boring unless you love Geography as much as he does. There are 2 test and the final, the final is not cummulative. He doesn't take attendance and he posts all the notes online. It is still beneficial to go to class because he talks about things that are not on the powerpoints.,4.5,2.0
Dr. Doerner is a great professor. I learned the most from him in comparison to other Geography professors because he is very engaging and makes sure everyone is on the same page if they are willing to learn. I learned more about biology from him in a geography course then I did from an actual Biology professor.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Doerner is a great professor. I loved his class! There isn't much homework, and if you pay attention in class, you will succeed. Dr. Doerner gives great lectures, I definitely recommend this class.,5.0,1.0
Doerner is a great professor! I was nervous about taking this class b/c I had already taken geography and failed it with another professor. I got an A in this class! He has powerpoints & study guides which are very helpful. 20 questions on each test are map questions which sound hard but are surprisingly easy! Reading isn't required but suggested.,4.5,1.0
He powerpoint lectures in the dark. If you can manage to stay awake,, he is entertaining and easy to understand. Everything he teaches is clear, and the textbook is offered for free online. He gives many opportunities to earn extra points.,5.0,3.0
Great teacher and was very helpful,5.0,2.0
Dr. Doerner is one of the best professors I have had in my college experience. His expectations are very clear for the class, and nothing is a surprise. If you take notes every class and study for the 3 tests during the semester, you will get at least a B. He is very helpful, extremely knowledgeable on what he is teaching, and overall very sweet.,5.0,2.0
Great guy, one of my two favorite professors ever. Show up and do the work, and you will get at least a B. No problem.,4.5,3.0
Very good professor. Clear on expectations. Assignments are easy A's and he gives out study guides for each test. He really knows what he talks about and is not boring. If you miss class, it is easy to catch up,4.0,1.0
Good teacher. tends to repeat the same thing over and over for the entire class period. i got a C but i never went to class. go to the class and do the work and you will get a B or better,4.5,1.0
Good teacher. Learned a lot from him. Class is easy and he makes things easy to learn. Good teaching skills. Homework every once in a while and is due after a couple days. Isn't very personable outside of class, but is still a good guy. Lots of personal stories which can be boring but he is an overall good teacher!,3.5,3.0
Doerner is such a helpful professor! He really wants his students to do well. His final for Geography 100 is optional and can only help your grade. He had great lectures with slide shows. He was probably the most helpful teacher I had. He is very passionate about his subject.,5.0,2.0
Professor Doerner was a really easy teacher. He lectures the whole time and is kind of dull, but as long as you catch some things he says his class is a breeze. He also makes some jokes, so if you're witty and awake you can catch them. Overall hes pretty good.,4.0,1.0
Easy class, if you miss one or two you're fine, but the project at the end of the semester takes some effort. overall easy GenEd and helpful if you ask him,4.0,2.0
I did all homework and still have a****ty grade.,1.5,3.0
No Comments,4.0,3.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
This was a great class and a lot of fun, to learn things in. #3061,3.5,3.0
Despite what other ppl may say, jim is a great prof, and funny.,4.5,1.0
:( :(,1.0,5.0
I liked him a lot. He's easily approachable, and his lectures are fairly clear and entertaining.,3.5,2.0
Jim Clarke's one of the better 148 profs. I don't know why there are so many comments against him. I like how he carefully and calmly explains the material, which helps significantly.,4.0,2.0
"Trees, I see trees". One of those dumb things you'll hear from this guy. His slides are all wrong and he is often corrected by the TAs. Very unknowledgable and disorganized. Wouldn't recommend him to my worst enemy.,1.0,5.0
I personally think that he had done a great job. He is confusing sometimes but his office hours have been helpful. I mean, he tried hard! He has the best marking scheme EVER for assignments and he is willing to give extensions if necessary. If you get to know him you'll find that he is actually a humble man who has respect for students so let's give him some credits here. Btw his CSC148 is the easiest so take his class if you can.,3.0,3.0
Professor Jim Clark was a very reasonable man. If you present your case legibly, he will respond with great ease and understanding. When he was replaced by Diane Norton, he was an angel in comparison to the devil, whose only line was: "I'm sorry I can't help you." If you stick to his lectures, you'll learn SO MUCH in computer science.,5.0,1.0
Fair Prof, gives extentions, needs work on his lectures.,3.0,3.0
I like this prof sometimes even just for his childish, which reminds me Ross in Friends... At the beginning, don't like him that much becuz he won't answer all of your questions but instead wants you to think through it yourself first, gradually found that actually he's a very nice prof. And this course is very interesting too!,4.0,3.0
bad,2.5,5.0
If any of you think this prof doesn't have problems may god help you...,2.0,4.0
I didnt think he was that bad at all, I didn't even buy the textbooks for this class and I passed. He shaved his head near the end and looked like the retarded guy who gets out at the end of 'Cube'. That movie was good but the sequel is crap.,4.0,1.0
good,4.0,2.0
His lectures might be confusing and unclear but if you show up to class you will get the hang of it... What do you people expect? You are in University not high school... Grow up people! By the way, he is a cool guy once you get to know him!!,3.0,3.0
Went to his lecture ones, he was so confusing and unclear that i never came back. He is rather unhelpful too.,1.0,4.0
I can't study this guy. He talks in such a small town accent I spent the first few weeks convincing myself he's a professor not some hick that found his way in Toronto. His lectures are so disorganized that I skipped them (as did most people).,1.0,5.0
What a garbage professor. He can't communicate clearly with the students. He keeps on erasing his lecture notes on the board until you can't understand what he wrote or you're just to confused(can't even write straight).,1.0,4.0
careless, unorganized, ambiguous and totally unhelpful,1.0,5.0
very clumsy period,1.0,5.0
This guy was great. He taught Java to us pretty well. Too bad he's gone...,4.0,2.0
He sucked. Mean and careless. Glad to know you are out of Computer Science Dep.,1.0,2.0
He sucked. Mean and careless. Glad to know you are out of Computer Science Dep.,1.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,4.0
bureaucrat not a professor,2.0,4.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
Simulation was hard!,1.0,4.0
confused yet???? A great way to encourage students.....,1.0,4.0
eCurt, patitnding, but only to those that deserve .,4.0,2.0
not encouraging, intimidating, makes you feel dumb,1.0,5.0
Kind of Geeky, but a nice guy.,3.5,2.0
Slept thru the whole semester. Didn't learn anything from him. Need I say more&#,1.0,5.0
If u ask him a question, he answers "Do I look like a compilier?"-What a DOR,1.0,4.0
Good teacher, tough to deal with, look elsewhere first for questions,3.0,4.0
No Comments,3.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
he enjoys mocking people, and then laughin at them,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
this guy is a monster.,2.5,3.0
No Comments,1.5,4.0
stereotypical computer geek, but a great teacher,4.0,3.0
He can be your best friend if you're not an idiot.,4.0,2.0
No Comments,3.5,4.0
if u dont' have any previous knowledge about comp.sci, stay out of his class!,2.0,4.0
Kind of grumpy with people who don't stop and think. Not good with new students.,4.0,3.0
One of the worst profs to deal with on a personal level,2.5,4.0
Wants everyone to be miserable, and does a good job at it,1.5,3.0
he's a great guy...very nice to deal with but have very hard assignments,5.0,3.0
Good professor, she was very helpful and for someone who has never taken a comp sci class before, I didn't find it to be too hard thanks to her lectures. The practice quizzes and finals that she provides are really helpful.,4.5,3.0
I like her notes.,3.5,4.0
A really nice prof. Understands the the students situations and is willing to help her students out. Has a sense of humor and hands out free food! Her lecture notes are really useful and saves us from the horrors of reading the book. She sometimes gets confused though when shes explaining things in the lectures. Her assignments are fair but,4.5,3.0
The new generation of professors have arrived. Always goes the extra mile in helping her students. She answers emails 8-10 times a day, writes extremely useful lecture slides, and has the ability to explain tough concepts in everyday English. A recent graduate, she understands what UofT CS students must go through.,5.0,2.0
A perfect prof for computer science. Understands student's perspective. she doesn't give undoable assignment which are just impossible for a average computer science student. very good.,5.0,2.0
Great!,4.5,4.0
not good at teahing,2.0,3.0
No Comments,3.0,3.0
Doesnt fully comprehend the computer science aspects of discrete mathematics. Lacks sufficient experience to write good midterms and final exams. Unable to bring clarity to most of the more challenging aspects of the course. Ensures class avg = 66%,2.0,4.0
oh god people... u sound like ur in grade 9... have u not seen a female before???,4.0,3.0
No Comments,5.0,3.0
YUP....she's sexy.... definitely.,3.5,3.0
HOT. very sexy.,4.0,3.0
superb and organized notes,5.0,2.0
decent prof. she's not hot compared to regular girls. but when it comes to CS...,3.0,3.0
The most beautiful CS prof I have ever seen =P,5.0,1.0
hottie,4.0,2.0
I thought she was an alright teacher. until I met the horror that is C78 & Pitt,4.5,2.0
Marry me Anna!,3.5,1.0
Damn she's hot.. Hard to focus on the math!!!,2.0,3.0
So sexy I actually did worse in the course because I was oogling,3.0,4.0
Great Smile, Great Style!,4.5,2.0
She's so pretty....very nice to listen to her lectures!!!!,5.0,1.0
After taking chem 122 and failing it, I retook it with Dr. Airee and passed. He understands chemistry is a difficult subject. He will do his best to help you out, if he knows that you try. If you don't try at all he will fail you though.,4.0,3.0
I know chemistry is hard in general, but this was super hard. Dr. Airee expects you to know that basics of chemistry, so if you don't, expect to really struggle. He is really hard to understand sometimes too. He is a super nice and funny guy, but for sure think about taking chem 110 first if you don't know basic chemsitry.,2.5,5.0
Dr. Airee has potential to be an awesome teacher, but is just a little outdated. He is difficult to understand due to the accent and grades things way harder than any teacher I've ever had which makes the quizzes very difficult if you don't study for them.,2.0,5.0
Dr. Airee is a nice old guy who has a good heart for all his students. He may not have all of the class's attention, but he carries on. His lab quizzes can be difficult. He always says he is available in his office to go over graded items. The TA helped me the most in the actual lab though.,2.5,3.0
Dr. Airee is definitely a sweat man who is always happy to answer any questions you may have; however, whether or not you can understand his explanation is another subject entirely. He is older and difficult to hear/understand at times. Thank God for his teaching assistant, because without her help I wouldn't have passed.,2.0,3.0
Dr.Airee is a funny man. He has a passion about chemistry and wants to share it with his students.He gives many tests so that students learn better. He gives extra credit.He gives practice tests.Also, he provides evening study sessions the night before the tests.Any questions?Go to his office. He works with his class if you let him know things!GOOD,4.5,2.0
Terrible experience. Extremely unorganized. Very few people get an actual good grade in the class, so he just makes up grades for his students based on a curve where most people will get C's C+'s or B-'s. If you work hard and care about your grade, do not take his class.,1.0,5.0
Unless you are a genius in this subject I do NOT recommend taking him. It is a challenge to understand him and his quizzes and tests are confusing. If you take him, just make sure you know science well!,1.0,5.0
If possible GET DR. AIREE. He is the best, his accent is great. He makes learning a difficult subject fun. It is usually new to most, and he knows that. Dr. Airee doesn't show any form of Bias. I had him for 121, 121L, 122L. I will take him every chance I get. This man loves his job, and makes a personal connection with every student. He is GOLD!,5.0,2.0
He is a great teacher. Go to him after class if you don't understand something and he will walk you through it. Make sure you read every chapter because even though it might not be on the tests it will be on the final. Go to his office for help because he doesn't use email.,4.0,3.0
Unorganized. Starts on board and writes notes all over the place. He must not write his ppts b/c he finishes an 90 min lecture in 30 min. He "works" problems by narrating what he would do. You have to attend lecture b/c he gives quizzes. A LOT of the time his answers are wrong on the practice exams or in class. Overall READ. THE. BOOK. SKIP LECTURE,1.0,4.0
He is all over the place while he's teaching and he gives out a test every week and those are the only grades you get besides the final. And you won't pass the final. He doesn't teach from the book. He teaches his own agenda and you have to teach yourself the stuff in the homework that he didn't teach in class cuz it will be on the next test.,1.5,5.0
Dr. Airee is a nice guy but super hard to follow. I like organization and I felt like he was not organized in his teaching style. You have a test every four lectures which for his class is good so it forces you to study more often.,2.0,5.0
Hard to understand but very helpful. He sometimes gives study guides that are very similar to his tests. He also has study sessions the day before the test.,3.5,3.0
I have had him for both PCHEM 351 and 352. He is superb nice and helps you ton if you go to his office. You can tell he loves teaching. His test are not that bad. He makes few changes from old exam. Iwould definitely recommend him over anyone for any of the classes. I just took my PCAT and taking his class helped me tremedously with chemistry porti,4.5,2.0
Dr. Airee's lectures were sometimes confusing, but the worksheets he gave as study guides for his tests helped as well as the fact he gives many tests. He's good at teaching the math section of chemistry. However, you may have to learn other parts of it on your own. Overall though, he was a good teacher and very helpful, I would take him again.,3.5,4.0
I am in Dr. Airee's physical chemistry class and while he is very nice, and very generous with grading and dropping exams, he is VERY confusing in lecture. He mumbles and derives huge equations without explaining them. He expects you to know a LOT of things that we aren't required to learn, like Calculus 3. Nice, but don't want to take him again.,3.0,4.0
Dr. Airee is great. He drops 2 test out of 10. He really cares about his students. The best way to study for his test is do the HW problem from the book he assigns and the worksheets he gives you. youll make an "A" as long as you study what he covers and undertand it. He has several time given take home test.,4.0,3.0
Dr Airee is a very helpful teacher. I took him for summer and he gives you a 70 point test about twice a week. He pretty much tells you exactly whats going to be on it and allows you to omit one problem if you do the course covered problems for that chapter in the book. He also drops your two lowest test scores of about 9 tests total.,3.5,3.0
His grading policy changes everyday. One day he will drop grades and the next he wont. He is getting older and doesnt care about grading papers.,1.0,2.0
DR. Airee is a very sweet person. He really does care about students. If all us in class are not prepared for the exam, he would make it a take home test, which was very nice of him. He drops couple tests, and tests are preety obvious if you go to class and study the old exams. You have to earn an "A".,4.5,3.0
He's pretty difficult to understand, but he tries his best and is a sweet man. His tests are a bit difficult but he gives study sessions the night before which helps. The only thing I didn't like was the tons of homework he would give. I spent more time trying to complete that than actually studying. Ended up with a B. Probably would take him again,3.0,3.0
THIS IS MY FIRST TIME TAKING CHEM AND THIS TEACHER. HE IS A GREAT TEACHER..YES THE SPEECH IS NOT ALL THAT PERFECT BUT HE HELPS YOU WITH THE DROP OF TEST AND THE TEST EVERY 4 CLASS PERIODS HELPS ALOT ALSO. I WOULD RECOMMEND ANYONE TO TAKE HIM,3.5,2.0
hard to understand when he talks. quizzes aren't bad but he grades them a little funny,2.0,2.0
Hard to understand at first, but gets better. Gives help sessions before tests that help a lot.,3.0,2.0
He gives study sessions before every test which help alot. He is helpful when you ask him questions and he will go back to explain. I enjoyed him as a teacher and he also likes to make corny jokes.,3.5,2.0
He is easy in the way that he gives study sessions before the tests but hard in the way if you dont go to the sessions you will do awful on the test. He does not always go over everything in class so you have to really pay attention. He gives many tests so if you mess up on one or two it will not count as much,3.0,3.0
good teacher,5.0,3.0
He is the coolest teacher ever! I love chemistry because of him. he lets you drops couple of test and quizzes, and loves teaching. Ohhh yeah be nice and friendly with him, and ask him question. he is always willing to help you. He'll say that a lot in the class that come to his office if u need help. or go to his help session.,5.0,1.0
If you have to take chem, you want to take it with him! He is the best teacher ever. It's not an easy class, you have to work for your grade. But he will always help you.,5.0,3.0
How much easier do you want it people! He lets you drop 3 tests, 2 quizes. If you do the homework your set for the test and quizes and then on top of that he gives you extra credit for them. You might as well drop out right now everyone below me. Oh yea...you may want to study because I think thats what we are here for...hmmmm,4.0,1.0
This class is very easy. He makes it even easier. He can be hard to understand at times but I had no trouble. He also gives a help session the day before the test. He goes slow so you can keep up with him. Very good teacher.,4.0,1.0
He is such a nice person until after the drop date, and then he turns into a TERROR! He has failed one of my friends for missing over the allowed # of absences when she was in the hospital!,1.0,5.0
No Comments,1.5,3.0
Horrible teacher. You can't even understand what he is saying therefore the class is extremely hard. He does not take time to help you. If you don't get the material right off the bat then you are out of luck. I will say it agin you cannot understand him...and he doesn't care about the students.,1.0,5.0
Good ol Boy professor. Only likes and cares about the good ol boys and girls and looks the other way at others who need help with Chemistry. I would try to avoid him.,1.5,3.0
A great teacher and man. He actually care about his students,3.5,2.0
Dr. Airee is an excellent teacher. Funny, very willing to help you out. I understand Chemistry so much better because of him. Gives lots of tests, drops two of them. It's sometimes hard for you to understand him, but this is definitely the way to go. I loved him.,5.0,4.0
as far as a lecture teacher he is the best you can get.. he gives alot of tests so that you can drop 3. he explains the material well and gives help sessions if you ask him for them.. and he lets you know that as long as you are coming to class and trying to do well he will help you,4.0,2.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Airee is a good teacher. He understands that the course material is not easy. He gives tests every 4 classes, so there aren't that many topics covered on each exam. He likes all students, especially those involved in SAACS.,3.0,2.0
Worst professor in the world. Needs to retire and quit harrassing the students. Only likes students that is in the organization SACCS, or who are Indian.,1.0,3.0
Simply the best,5.0,3.0
He doesnt speak good english,he emphasizes the wrong sylables in words.He doesnt grade fair either.He gave me a zero in lab one day because he said i took the metal out of the test tube.He was just mistaken but i got a zero for it.Don't take him.........,1.0,5.0
He is a very nice man. He will help you in any way that he can, just make sure that you do your homework. Plus, always come to class. Chemistry was very HARD for me, but he made it as easy as he possibly could.,4.5,3.0
Dr. Airee is a kind and caring professor, always willing to help,will make sure you are prepared for the tests. Though sometimes hard to understand, I suggest taking him for Chem because he is much more personable than any other chemistry professor.,4.0,3.0
nice man, horrible teacher,1.0,3.0
This man is utterly inept as an educator. He should hurry and retire so that the chemistry majors at this school can get a decent education. His physical chemistry class has been the bane of my existence.,1.0,3.0
doesn't explain things well, nor does he grade fairly. If in SAACS, he likes you and you'll be okay.,1.5,2.0
wonderful teacher doesn't expect more then he teaches,5.0,2.0
Nice instructor,easy quizzes and test. Once you get past his accent you'll be alright.,4.0,3.0
I didn't think that he did a good job explaining the subject. I didn't understand him very well.,1.5,5.0
Great teacher,4.5,3.0
Go to class, do your homework, and don't be afraid to ask for help. I have never had a more helpful teacher at UTM. He will have a study session before each exam and will basically tell you everything that will be on it. I had no problem making an A!,5.0,2.0
His English is good, even though he is from India. He will help you if you show him you care. Do you homework. Study hard. I was so surprised that I somehow made a B.,5.0,4.0
Easy gen chem prof. Difficult accent. He makes it so easy to learn though. A+,3.5,2.0
Kinney is an amazing professor! Super understanding and accessible outside of class if needed. Just communicate with him and he will work with you,5.0,3.0
Dr. Kinney was a very influential and informative professor. He truly cares about his students and will make sure understand the material. He wants his students to make a difference in the world. Make sure you brush up on your SPSS skills because that really helps. Very accessible outside of class.,5.0,3.0
I've always liked Dr. Kinney. He cares and really tries to make you a good researcher, easier if you care about the class but easy to fall behind,5.0,1.0
Professor Kinney is AWESOME. If I could take one of his classes again I would. He makes material easy to understand and he is VERY caring and understanding. He makes classes personal and you can tell he enjoys teaching and his students. This class could have been way harder with a different professor but he made this class very understandable.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Kinney is a pretty decent professor--it's clear he cares about his students and will even change the syllabus to accommodate the course. He would latch on to some weird things, like there was a student who had a child and he would constantly refer to the kid in class. He also calls on you randomly. Don't bother with the textbook.,4.0,3.0
David is one of my favorite profesors at CMU. He deeply cares for his students and is very passionate about the subject. He sparks really good discussions in class. Some of his lectures he gets off topic, but non of the exams or readings are that hard. DO THE DISCUSSION BOARD POST. Your grade will suffer if you don't.,5.0,2.0
Professor Kinney is the best professor I have had at CMU. He is always accessible outside of class and will go the extra mile to make sure you understand the material. He is by far the best sociology professor in the department.,5.0,3.0
He is awesome! Even though there are lots of readings, he makes the class super interesting and worth it to attend. I have learned so much from both of his classes,4.0,3.0
the greatest prof ive ever had!! Kinney is a great person whos so interesting to talk to. Discussions are so fun I would skip every class but this one!,5.0,2.0
Dr Kinney is hands down my favorite professor at CMU. I had him for several classes, and would take him for many more if I could. He cares for his students, and wants the best for everyone. Earning a A is not hard if you TRY. Take him if he is an option, you won't regret it.,5.0,3.0
IMO, he is EXTREMELY disorganized. It took forever to see our grades. There were multiple times throughout the year where he discussed his political opinions on modern issues for the entire class period. That being said, he's still a very nice guy. The class is easy. He is very passionate on the subject & wants to see people succeed. Mixed feelings,3.0,1.0
I love the way he allows the class to discuss and connect topics to real life. He is a passionate advocate for youth and those placed at risk. Great prof.,5.0,2.0
Best professor in the sociology department at CMU. He truly cares about his students, is a passionate educator and great human being. I would recommend taking any class you can with Dr. Kinney. You will get a good grade if you work hard. I got an A in every class I took with him.,5.0,2.0
I LOVE Dr. Kinney, he talks a lot about his personal life but overall he is really nice. The homework assignments can be somewhat difficult and I am not sure he actually has a solid criteria for grading, but still a good class to take. He cares about his students and always makes time outside of class for meetings.,5.0,3.0
Entire overall grade comprised of 1 homework assignment, 1 exam, 2 projects, & 1 "presentation". Dr. Kinney is very helpful & approachable. The 2 projects are mainly what you work on through the semester. If SOC 350 is required for you, take it with him.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Kinney is a great professor for students that don't mind having an unstructured class. He is VERY passionate about sociology; this meaning it is VERY easy to get off task in his class. He assigns readings that can be over 20 pages long sometimes. He gives random "quizzes" over the reading. However, these quizzes can be passed by just skimming.,3.0,1.0
For being a 300 level class we hardly did anything. We did two projects and had 1 exam. The projects weren't hard but during the class periods we learned nothing. He would show us pictures of him in the old days and random videos. It's an easy class but so boring.,3.5,2.0
Kinney really loves his subject, but sometimes he gets too wrapped up in what he's talking about that you lose track of what you're supposed to be learning. Class can be monotonous and dull but exams are often changed to take-homes essays that are straightforward enough. Pay attention and participate once in a while and you'll get an A,2.5,1.0
One of my favorite professors. If you have a chance to take him, take him. He is so helpful and makes high level classes enjoyable. If you put the time in you will get an A.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Kinney is absolutely amazing. He's the best professor I've had a CMU so far,and is very into the subject. He's also a great adviser for the youth studies major. Loved the class! Just make sure you read the books!,5.0,3.0
One of the best professors I've had at CMU! He really cares about his students, and what he's teaching you. I didn't read all the material and still got a good grade. Just go to class and pay attention and you'll be fine!,4.0,2.0
As a non-traditional student,I was concerned with the reception I would receive at CMU, however, my uneasiness was unfounded as Dr. Kinney made my first semester here incredible. He is by far the most interesting, accepting, and knowledgeable professor I have had here at CMU!!! Awesome personal stories that tie into relevant class materi al :),5.0,3.0
DK was nice and all, but I didn't like his research methods. I think it's annoying how he tries to be "hip" like his students and that seems extremely condescending, manipulative, and fake. Also, talks too much about himself and how awesome he is and received and replied to text messages during his lecture.,2.5,2.0
He is a good professor that is will keep students entertained. The man is extremly passionate about his field and wants to see his students succeed.,5.0,3.0
prof kinney is great! he's so funny! be sure to read the books because those pop quizzes can make you or break you. he's very understanding and there are 2 extra credit opportunities. it's a good class, you just gotta put in the effort since there aren't that many points in the class.,4.5,2.0
This is seriously one of the best professors that I have had in my four years at CMU. He uses a lot of interesting media and really wants to hear about your experiences. If you run into any issues, just talk to him outside of class, and he will make sure you are all set. Clear professor, interesting, dedicated to helping everyone! Take him!,5.0,2.0
pretty boring class. read 3 books, do a bunch of little 1-2 pg papers. 1 50Q midterm and the final was a take home essay. easy class though, take dave, he's cool,4.5,1.0
The class was a challenge - there were 2 papers due per week, but Dave graded pretty easily. I ended up with an A-. He's a really nice guy, although he can go off on a tangent during class at times.,4.5,2.0
LOVE DAVE! He's so personable and really enjoys what he's teaching. He makes class interesting through his personal stories. There are 2 50 m.c exams, 2 larger projects, and about 3 small papers. There is some out of class work but it's not hard. If you need to take this class, take Dave, you won't regret it. Book isnt necessary, I didnt look at it,5.0,1.0
hard class but very good, makes you think about life very differently. kinney likes to talk a lot but it can be interesting. always has stories to tell. always willing to help, especially with the research project. gets a little scatterbrained though b/c hes always got lots of stuff to do.,4.0,4.0
He is a great professor. He has lots of stories to tell and is a great ear to talk to if need be. Take any class with.,5.0,1.0
He is an excellent professor. He has lots of stories to tell and is very interested in what everyone has to say. Just an overall excellent guy to take any class with.,5.0,1.0
Nicest guy ever, and quite the looker! This was probably the best class I've ever taken, and DK is definitely a trendy guy!,5.0,2.0
Great teacher! Really cares about what he teaches and gets really passionate about some subjects. He makes you want to go to class becuase he makes it fun! Cares about how his students are doing and give a lot of help if you need it!,5.0,3.0
hilarious, nice guy. dresses well for his age. nice to his students. cares about his work. Sit in the front row... be part of the action.,5.0,3.0
Majorly likes to drop the f-bomb when people are using the computers or if he thinks they are during class. He also like to refer to himself in the third person. Nice guy tho, pretty open minded.,4.0,3.0
I LOVE DAVID! Best Prof Ive ever had. He's funny and really cares about the class and students. His Classes are interesting too.,4.5,3.0
Great teacher and a great guy. Fun class. Just be prepared to work outside of class in elementary school.,3.0,5.0
He is passionate, funny, but a little scatter-brained. Easy and fun class.,4.0,1.0
Any class you take with Professor Kinney is going to be a awesome experience. He is very passsionate about his work. And if you ever need help is always there for you.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Kinney is awesome! Very down to earth and passionate about helping youth. He runs the class as a discussion and it is never boring. He makes the class fun and interesting. He inspires me to want to help troubled youth as well.,5.0,2.0
This was the easiest course at CMU I've ever had. Of course we had a few assignments to do but I loved his class. This was actually easier than his 412 course that I took during the fall. The one thing that I like about him and Dr.Rosier is that they'll keep it real!!!,5.0,1.0
This class was a lot of fun.Kinney is very passionate about his field and children/adolescents.His exams aren't too bad. The 1st is all essay, the 2nd m/c.If you try you'll do well.Working in groups kind of sucks, but you get that w/any class.I'm glad I took this class!Can't wait for the next one!,5.0,2.0
This class was easy, but I did not learn a thing. It was so boring, and if you are not a psycho liberal he hates you. Don't try and give your opinion because Kinney's way is the right way....According to him. I was really interested in the subject, but walked away with nothing.,2.5,2.0
he is a great teacher! I had some problems and couldn't attend quite a few classes and he worked with me. He is always there when you need him and he makes the class fun. He is very enthusiastic about his subject!!!,5.0,2.0
If you are interested in youth, education, and are willing to have your own beliefs challenged then take his class!!! He is OUTSTANDING, not only does he care about his students but he is very passionate about the subjects he teaches...,5.0,3.0
David is an excellent teacher. His classes are great and I've learned so much! he is one of the best at CMU, bar none!,5.0,2.0
i hate kinney. everything about this class sucks because he cannot teach. also expects a 30 page paper. don't bother taking this class! waste of time and money. stay away!!,1.0,5.0
david is an OUTSTANDING professor. he makes the class so interesting. the books and movies he uses are very informative and he really knows what he is talking about. take any class that he teaches, you'll benefit from it!,5.0,2.0
Ok, Dr. Kinney does have a lot of stories (A LOT), but they are so funny to hear they make class interesting. I've taken every class he's taught and I think he's the best professor on campus bar none! Take him and be prepared for the time of your life!,5.0,1.0
Dr. Kinney is very passionate about youth and teaching. His lectures however, are horrible...he goes off on MANY tangents that get really annoying. Also uses same material for multiple classes, so it's kind of a waste of time to take more than one course,3.0,2.0
Great guy! Went out of his way to help me even when his wife had their 1st baby. Loves what he does..reasonably easy tests, fun, interactive class!,5.0,2.0
Easy if you go to class; Dave is very passionate about his work, which makes class that much more interesting.,5.0,1.0
I would encourage students to take his course very easy if you attend class.,4.0,2.0
has a strong passion for what he does. very good professor and I suggest anyone to take his classes,4.0,2.0
Good guy, very passionate,4.0,3.0
his tangents get REALLY annoying, but he's a great teacher... very passionate,4.0,1.0
has a tendancy to go off on tangents, tests are simple,5.0,1.0
Learned so much and developed passion for soc. DK is a strong asset to CMU.,5.0,4.0
He has much to offer. A academic star with his feet on the ground. He would do well on all levels of instruction but he does know who is better students are and if they need to be in his class. So, judgemental.,4.0,5.0
Munzer provides exceptionally helpful summaries after each section of the Contracts course, and is genuinely interested in facilitating students' learning. His final exam is demanding, but there is an ample bank of prior exams and sample answers so you can ascertain your progress throughout the class.,4.0,4.0
He's interested and interesting teacher. Took advanced (unrelated courses with him), and he was gracious enough to be me adviser re law review article. I graduated few years ago, but definitely remember him (and into 1L contracts) as highlights from UCLA law.,5.0,4.0
The only thing Munzer is worse at then teaching is grading. If your a 1L unlucky enough to be put in his section, don't bother studying. His tests are more random then his choice of polo shirt.,1.0,5.0
An easy teacher but I felt some pressure to feed back his ideology in order to do well in the course.,2.5,2.0
The guy is awesome. He is hilarious, caring, patient, and smarter than most of us realize. I loved his class.,4.5,4.0
Not very clear with some difficult material. Also seemed to be a bit of a ****.,2.0,3.0
Remains the paragon of law professors and his class of law school classes.,4.5,5.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
This man is by far the best professor, or even teacher, that Ive had in my whole life, which he made a profound difference in by inspiring my love of learning. He told us so many fascinating stories in his lectures, which I am going to rewatch for leisure. I still, from time to time, thank God that I had the opportunity to have him as a professor.,5.0,4.0
the most amazing professor. READ THE TEXTBOOK.,5.0,4.0
Hands down best prof I've ever had.,5.0,4.0
this was my favourite course I've taken, Dr. Day is an amazing lecturer! definitely requires a lot of work to do well though,5.0,4.0
I absolutely loved every class Ive taken with him. You gotta get used to how his tests are and then you will be able to get an A with no problem.,5.0,3.0
Best professor I have ever had, although the tests are quite difficult.,5.0,4.0
What a gem. Dr. Day is by far one of my fav profs. Took it as an elective and though it was not easy, it was a class that made you think. You can't just go to lecture and think you'll do well on the tests. Listen to the podcasts again and make detailed notes, read chapters which may seem like a lot but you can do it. Otherwise not an easy B or A.,5.0,4.0
Tests can be heavy, but if you've studied the material appropriately you'll do very well. An amazing lecturer and talks with passion. Don't get fooled by the wording!,5.0,4.0
As a professor, he seems passionate about what he teaches and he explains the content very well. But when it comes to his tests? Not that great. Most of his tests are based on the textbook, and you gotta memorize more than you should have to if you want a decent mark. Try to get test banks if you can, you'll fail w/out them. His tests are hard :/,1.0,4.0
Dr Day is a very good prof and clearly cares about the content he teaches but can be very tricky. The format of the course is a classic 2 midterms, 1 exam, all multiple choice with many all of the above and none of the above within the questions. This course takes dedication and you can do well if you give it attention.,4.0,4.0
Tests are all none of the above and all of the above, stats, and specific textbook info. He's not clear about what you need to know either.,3.0,4.0
Such an awesome guy, his lectures are super enjoyable and he explains things really well. His tests are impossible if you don't have the test banks, but other than that I really enjoyed his course.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Day is by far my favourite prof at McMaster. It is evident that he knows what he is teaching, and is passionate about it. The way he delivers lecture content makes you want to attend his lectures. He also makes his lecture materials as accessible as possible (podcasts, audio recordings, and power-points are all made available on avenue).,5.0,4.0
A lovely prof. His voice is amazing, like a really good audio book spokesperson. Textbook questions can be hard. Understand his info clearly!,5.0,4.0
Definitely do the readings when youre supposed to or else you'll fail.,5.0,4.0
Amazing guy, very funny and entertaining lectures, yet also very interesting.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Day is a fantastic prof, he's insanely charismatic & great to listen to. His class come with a podcast too. Only complaint is his tests are SO hard. Every question has all of the above & none of the above. idk if i would take his class bc i know it will cost me a good grade. He usually has practice quizzes online but they didnt work for my sem,4.0,4.0
his lectures are AMAZING--i made sure to never miss any even tho they were podcasted. his testing is v specific about details from lecture, but hes clear about what he wants you to know. only real complaint is that his textbook questions are too specific for how much reading we have to do, but there werent many TB qs so i didnt mind that much!,5.0,3.0
I did very poorly in the course, but he is an AMAZING lecturer. However, your mark is based on 3 tests, all multiple choice, and his questions are incredibly difficult. You are expected to remember pretty much every little detail in the course content. About 18 % of students failed the final exam, average in the low 60s.,4.0,5.0
Dr Day is THE BEST! If you enjoy psych and are looking to actually learn / do not mind putting in some work in order to achieve a good grade then you need to take a course with him! he is so knowledgeable, and makes all material accessible / fair game. I wouldn't say it is EASY to get a good grade in his class, but you can if you put in effort!,5.0,4.0
Fun lectures, but the grading is pretty rough. If I could go back, I probably wouldn't pick his course for an elective. So much textbook work too,2.0,5.0
Dr. Day's lectures changed my approach to life and school. This class isn't easy, but it's certainly worth it.,5.0,4.0
I loved this course so much, he presented the information in such a great way and kept everyone engaged. He's also a very friendly and inviting man who seems like he's always out to help. His test however are another story. They're very statistic heavy and rely heavily upon your memorization of the course content versus your actual understanding.,5.0,4.0
his tests are insane. no question bank, no practice questions. just rote memorization. he's not clear with what you actually need to know,1.0,5.0
Unclear marking scheme, doing well in this class is more a matter of luck than of knowing important things. Prof Day makes buying his handbook mandatory, though he claims otherwise. As Prof Day might put it, this course is an experiment in random punishment to make external its students' loci of control. Would not recommend, would untake if allowed,1.0,5.0
Very good at lecturing, you can tell he is genuinely passionate about the topics discussed and isn't just doing it because he has to. Tests are very hard, but if you memorize all the past tests and go over all the questions posted, it's very possible to get an 80.,5.0,5.0
If I wrote a book I would seriously have this guy be the voice for the audio version. I love listening to this man talk. The class is extremely interesting and he is passionate, well informed and happy to be teaching it! I love these lectures. The tests however? Be prepared for tricky questions, double negatives, misleading questions, all that!!,5.0,4.0
As a prof i LOVE him. He's amazing at teaching and definitely has a lot of perspective and great teaching skills, he is very captivating to listen to. his classes are podcaster so not really mandatory to go, but its honestly easier to listen to it in person rather than a recording. His tests I found very difficult though and very hard to do well,5.0,5.0
Dr. Day is amazing. I've had 2 of his classes and he's my favorite prof for psych courses. Interesting material and well presented. His tests are fair, but hard. Definitely helps if you go to class.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Day is an amazing professor and makes it worth going to lecture! His class consists of two midterms and a final exam. You really need to study all throughout the year if you want to do well, and keeping on top of the textbook readings is a must. His online practice quizzes are very helpful.,5.0,4.0
Very interesting lectures and tells a lot of interesting stories. Great prof! The textbook readings are really boring and the test questions are very specific about the readings.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Day is fantastic. You'd be hard pressed to find a student of his that active dislikes him and his courses. The content is interesting, the tests are fair, and he has many interesting stories to tell.,5.0,4.0
Dr. Day's lectures are great - clear, organized, and interesting. His tests were typically fair, except the 10% of questions which were based on textbook readings (incredibly specific; you'd have to study the textbook for hours to know the answers, and for only 10% it didn't make sense to even bother with the textbook). But great prof overall.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Day is a genius. Best prof at mac. He is nice but he will test you and you will learn.,5.0,4.0
He's a great prof. He is very engaging, and always giving students an opportunity to ask questions. His tests can be tricky but if you study and go to his lectures/watch the podcasts, you'll do really well. There's always his quiz bank as well!! He tells some pretty great stories too,5.0,4.0
By far my favourite prof EVER. His lectures were so engaging and interesting to listen to! He really does everything in his power to help you succeed! Some of his test questions can be a little tricky, but that's expected with every psych course. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND,5.0,3.0
Dr. Day is an absolute gem. Amazing lectures - I've not once fallen asleep in his class. His tests are not difficult if you use the resources he gives you, which is a lot of stuff (podcasts, test bank, handbook). He is so sweet and approachable, kinda wish he was my grandpa. He knows his stuff and is up to date on a lot of pop culture.,5.0,3.0
It's great to hear him talk. I read about him going off on tangents and I did not find this true at all. Everything is relevant. Tests are so hard, testing on incredibly tiny details and stats. Prepare to memorize. Very good for providing content - there's quiz bank, podcasts, course handbook (which is basically all lecture material written out).,4.0,4.0
Lectures were decently interesting. Exams were unnecessarily tricky and hard.,3.0,4.0
Also took 2AP3 with him. This course has less stats and numbers but still both very content, research, and studies heavy. Know the deets! Overall, would take again though. Podcasted, and he's just SO AMAZING AND INSPIRATIONAL to listen to. Thank you Dr. Day for being an INCREDIBLE teacher and ENGAGING lecturer. Would take again!! 3,5.0,4.0
WOW! Seriously ONE OF MY FAVE PROFS AT MAC - FOR SURE. Ties with Ostovich for my fave psych prof at Mac, but he's a lot funnier, caring, and wise. Such a cool dude if you ever get to strike up a conversation with him. Extremely lecture heavy, but no group projects haha! Just the midterms and final. The test bank will be your best friend! Numbers!,5.0,4.0
Just get ready to over-use a test bank for days before your midterm. His tests are very fair, considering he gives a test bank. His text book questions are difficult, but that's the only downside. He is a gem.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Day teaches so well on this course, but the tests materials are on details some of them. You really need to know the stuff well and understand them not just memorize them especially for the data he provides on lecture, it is testable in tests. But I take a lot of psychology courses with him, because he makes the psychology interesting,5.0,3.0
Dr. Day is an awesome prof. He knows a lot about psychology. I take his course every year because he teaches lots of psychology courses at MAC. If you want to do well on his test, you really need to do more exercises which he provides them on his website and they are really helpful. Also, you need to read the textbook before you go to the exam.,4.0,2.0
This guy is a great prof. He's funny, kind, welcoming to students. His tests are brutally hard & there is no way I would be able to pass them without the lecture recordings. He asks VERY specific questions, so you pretty much need to know ALL the details about everything. The MC questions are very tricky and at times hard to understand,5.0,5.0
Great prof, hard tests. The lectures were very interesting. Tests were all m/c and I found them to be very challenging (coming from a student who got As in almost every other course). Be ready to read a lot of textbook.,4.0,5.0
Dr. Day is one of the best lecturers at Mac and also my personal favourite prof. I took both 2AP3 (abnormal psych) and 2B03 (personality). I wouldn't say these were easy courses because you do need to work hard, however, they were extremely interesting courses. He posts podcasts and also gives quiz banks in preparation for the midterms.,4.0,3.0
I have taken all of his classes, and he is an amazing prof. Yes, his tests are tricky, but if you study well and hard, you will do fine. I ended up with a 10 in his positive psych class. Highly recommend taking his classes!!!,4.5,4.0
The content is so interesting - I really did learn a lot!! He podcasts every lecture!! He is a really clear and interesting lecturer too. However, my criticism for this course is the textbook content that appears on tests (SO RANDOM) - that's the only place I'd lose marks on tests. I don't understand what he looks for in the text. Otherwise great.,4.0,4.0
I think he's pretty vague with what he expects you to know.,2.5,3.0
Dr. Day is THE best prof at Mac. He has great stories to aid his lectures and he's super helpful. Love him and he's such a cutie!,5.0,4.0
I love Dr. Day. He is such a wonderful speaker and is so knowledgeable on the subject that I'd love to take his other classes. The tests were tough and stat-heavy but still worth it, because the lectures (in my opinion) were great and always interesting. Never once fell asleep in that class, and that's saying something.,4.5,3.0
Dr. Day is one of the best profs at McMaster. He's got a natural talent to be very engaging and organizes his courses really well. I would highly recommend taking a course with him!! (I took 4!),5.0,3.0
he was very good,4.5,3.0
classes are podcasted but content is interesting so unless it is at 8:30, you should go to class. Quiz bank was helpful but you still need to know a lot of information. Textbook readings are tedious. I liked when he brought in speakers on mental illness in abnormal psych. Dr. Day is very on top of things and gets marks out quickly. Very up to date,4.5,4.0
Dr. Day was fantastic as a lecturer! However his tests killed me and I wasn't ready for the ridiculous amount of detail that would be asked. I literally failed his second midterm even though I went to every class and read the textbook. Otherwise.. awesome prof.,4.5,5.0
Great prof, it's clear he knows his stuff. The quiz bank is very helpful, but you really have to know your stuff to do well in his course.,5.0,4.0
Fantastic prof; I'm taking every one of his courses I have the pre-requisites for because of this class!,5.0,3.0
Excellent lecturer, but the tests are VERY difficult. Asks for details that are often insignificant.,3.5,4.0
Best prof ever,5.0,3.0
This class was actually really hard :( I read the textbooks and attended every class but his midterm questions were very specific in regards to textbook that it was hard for me to fully recall all the details that I've read. He's a good professor whose passionate with what he does but this is definitely not a GPA booster.,3.5,5.0
He's a great prof that knows his material. The only problem is that the test bank questions glitch A LOT, especially the day before the exam. At least 40% of the test bank questions were wrong and varied each time. He has to fix that, there is no point in having a test bank if there's a chance what you're learning is wrong.,3.0,5.0
Great lecturer, best prof at McMaster,5.0,3.0
The multiple choice tests are hard! And half the time filled with errors and grammatical issues which lead you to have a difficulty understanding what is asked of you. If you are not focused on the exam, you won't do well unless you know exactly what he is asking. It is a hard course I suggest if you are taking this as an elective, don't.,2.0,5.0
Finished personality with him and taking positive psychology right now. Very helpful in answering questions and clarifying details. His tests are pretty tough because the answers seem pretty similar to each other in that most of them seem right. His textbook questions are also pretty specific and I ended up guessing most of them.,4.0,3.0
Very Very Very hard. If you do not go through the material with very fine detail, you will fail. His tests are very difficult, and you must study!!,2.0,5.0
I took 3 psych courses with him and got A+ in all. He is very good at explaining concepts but his tests are challenging because they are unbelievably ambiguous. You have to choose one correct answer but at least 2 answers look correct. I didn't like him as a prof but his lectures are very useful even in future.,4.0,4.0
This guy loves to hear his own voice.,1.0,5.0
My favourite professor at Mac. His podcasts are extremely helpful when you can't get to class. Brings interesting guest lecturers. Yes, his tests are difficult but he has a huge database of sample questions which you should do consistently. The sample questions are super helpful and will easily help boost your test marks.,4.0,4.0
I loved the lectures, he used great examples to illustrate his concepts- but tests were super hard. He provides practice tests, but they don't help unless you really know your stuff. I'd recommend creating a fake test with all the concepts prior to a test, that way your brain will better recognize the way the questions are posed on the test.,3.5,4.0
I hated that class. Not for the info but because the marking. Ruined it for me,1.0,5.0
Terrible Prof! He claims he makes his tests hard to make you learn better, but after his harsh marking I never want to take psych again!,1.0,5.0
If I could warn past me, I would never take it again,2.5,5.0
I usually excel. I have a very good work ethic, and I even have a good basis of psych. Yet I struggled so hard with his tests. I understood everything in the course though. I even applied it to my everyday life but when it came to tests I felt it was difficult and the answers depended a lot on a single word or practise questions.,1.0,5.0
He is such an amazing prof to listen to, his lectures are so interesting and he's very well spoken. But if you're looking to get a good grade, you're going to have to work you never have before. Extremely difficult exams. He's really big on statistics...,4.0,5.0
He is a very nice and understanding prof, podcasts every lecture and his exams are fair,5.0,2.0
By far the best professor at Mac. His lectures are never boring and he records all of them and posts them online. His exams are a bit tricky, but he provides the class with practice questions and most of them show up on the exams. I've taken all of his classes because they are so interesting and he's such a good prof.,5.0,2.0
A very kind, helpful and informative prof. His lectures are definitely worth attending. Tests are very difficult.,4.5,5.0
VERY DIFFICULT QUESTIONS. Mid terms are very hard and it is difficult to get anything above a C-. Prof needs to ease up on the difficulty with the questions,4.0,5.0
Best prof ever. Interesting course with lots of laughs. Very clear way of teaching. Study hard though and use the question bank for studying or you will not do so well on the exams as they can be tricky.,5.0,2.0
Everyone loves him because they've never been told to think critically about the DSM by a prof before, let alone on who designs his lectures with laughs embedded in. He is an ivory tower psychology professor teaching a distant and offensive look at psychological problems. He has his strengths, but he refuses feedback on his offensive Freudian crap.,2.5,3.0
Great lecturer, incorporates hilarious personal examples into material. The question bank is key.,5.0,2.0
I've taken 3 courses with him so far and loved every single one of them! He is the ideal professor. :),5.0,3.0
I've taken every one of Dr. Day's classes because honestly he is the best professor by far at McMaster. He records all his lectures keeping in mind some student just can't get to class everyday and it allows you to make the best notes. He provides practice questions as well. Awesome prof, if you study you'll definitely get a B or higher.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Day is an amazing prof!! Makes class so interesting! Loved going to class; even asked to do research with him but he does not do any. Loved his classes!!!!,5.0,2.0
Great professor. I really like that he was able to post all his lecture online. Extremely helpful!!! Exams are not that easy. Multiple choice is confusing and the class average wasn't that great. Class was a lot of fun and I would take another class with Dr Day, anyway!,4.0,5.0
Extremely difficult exams. Tricky multiple choice. Studied for hours understood the material but the questions were just too complex. Interesting material presented really well, love the online and recorded options, makes it easy for a mature student. Would take his class again BUT PLEASE ease up on the difficult, way too hard!!!!!!Seriously,3.0,5.0
Amazing Professor! His passion about the subjects he taught made me excited about the material that we were learning. Such an amazing guy as well :),5.0,3.0
intelligent, passionate, and an excellent speaker. This man deserves the world.,5.0,1.0
Amazing prof. Very interesting to listen to. Cares about his students a lot.,5.0,2.0
One of the best profs I've had at Mac so far! His pod casts are helpful if you've missed class. Make sure to read the textbook because he tests you on random stuff in the text. Answer the quiz bank he provides the class, majority of the questions (or similar ones) on the exam/midterm is on there. Overall, enjoyable class! :),5.0,2.0
Amazing professor!,5.0,3.0
Awesome prof. Very knowledgeable!,3.5,3.0
He is a brilliant professor with a flawless teaching style. His supplementary quiz questions, podcasts, lecture slides, and lecture handbook ensures we have the material necessary and more to succeed. He is passionate, engaging and wise, and is by far the best professor I have ever had.,5.0,2.0
the best prof at Mac. His lecture was interesting and helpful.,5.0,2.0
He is a very good prof,he made the content interesting and clear.,5.0,3.0
Amazing professor. Crystal clear and very interested in the content.,5.0,1.0
The greatest professor I have ever come across. He speaks so clearly and makes everything that he is teaching interesting and valuable to you. He is extremely helpful if you have any questions and is seriously rooting for you to get a good mark in his course. If you study the lecture content, the practice quizzes and the textbook you can do great.,5.0,2.0
He is by far one of the best professors I have come across at Mac. I was really discouraged to take another Psych course after first year, since Psych 1X03/1XX3 is a hot mess, but I am so glad I took his course. Make detailed lecture notes, read the text, (do the quizzes!!) and you're gold.,5.0,2.0
had him for 2BO3. honestly, so far the best prof i have ever had at mac. so helpful and approachable. always making sure students understand and get good grades! amazing!,5.0,2.0
Dr. Day is one of my favourite professors at Mac. He is a great lecturer, his tests are fair and relatively easy to do well in. Make sure to do lots of questions from his question bank online as he reuses a lot of them on the tests.,5.0,2.0
Dr. Day is a great man. He has been teaching this course for over 20 years at Mac. He is tenured and is a National M3 teaching fellow highly regarding amongst his peers. He is very passionate about what he teaches. He is technical. Read the required textbook readings and make notes (they aren't long). Hard exams. Practice Q's!!!,4.5,4.0
Amazing professor, his lectures are concise, straight to the point and very interesting. Best prof I had in the psychology department for sure. His tests are fair and easy to do well in!,5.0,2.0
Amazing prof. Explains with so much clarity, his tests are a little hard but you can do great if you study. His practice quizzes are very helpful!,5.0,3.0
Amazing prof! Even though he posted his lectures online he was so amazing I went to class anyway. Such a good speaker,5.0,5.0
I loved this course. I took 2AP3 in the fall, and was delighted to have Dr. Day again for personality. Even though he offers recordings, I still found myself attending every 8:30am class of his. Very fun prof, I plan to take another one of his courses in the future.,5.0,3.0
My favourite professor ever. I always experience "flow" when he teaches (Positive psych students know what I'm talking about!),5.0,3.0
Had Dr.Day for 5 courses now, hands down best prof i have had at Mac. His lectures are enjoyable, if there was one prof i ever connected with it was him. All MC tests that can be tricky but he doesn't trick you with course material he is very helpful giving you all the information possible,5.0,3.0
Great prof!,5.0,3.0
Best prof at mac so far. Hilarious, interesting and knows what he's talking about,,5.0,1.0
Really good prof in that he thoroughly makes use of every resource (lecture, courseware, textbook, online notes, recordings, website). Particularly liked how he handled 2AP3 by dispelling stereotypes about people w/ mental disorders.,5.0,3.0
Amazing prof! One of the best I've encountered at McMaster so far! Extremely helpful and approachable, and explains everything in detail.,5.0,3.0
He's a great professor - really enthusiastic! However, a lot of questions are drawn from the extremely long textbook. A bonus: he records his lectures and always posts the powerpoints online!,5.0,3.0
Best prof EVER!! I love psych, and to be honest I'm not 100% sure if I love it due to content or because of him!! His classes are not easy but he gets you so interested it makes you want to study and do well!,5.0,3.0
I LOVE HIM!!He's a wonderful prof! Makes going to class enjoyable and you will ace this class!,5.0,1.0
I have taken almost all his classes. - personality, attitudes and believes, abnormal, forensic, positive psych (no longer offered), and he is hands down my favorite prof at MAC. He is a great teacher! The material interesting and the tests aren't too difficult if you have gone to class and read the text book. Awesome prof!,4.5,2.0
Good prof, sometimes difficult tests, but overall good prof.,4.5,4.0
best prof ever!,4.0,3.0
BEST PROF I'VE EVER, EVER, EVER HAD. I love him. And positive psychology was probably the most relevant course I've taken at McMaster. Kudos to Dr. Day for making psych so awesome akfjhlaksjfh,5.0,2.0
I took 2B03 last term, and now 3BA3. Dr. Day is phenomenal. He is an amazing lecturer. Probably the best I have encountered in my 4 years. His tests are challenging, kind of tricky sometimes. I disliked not having practice questions for 3BA3 but it was understandable considering the course is quite new. Anyways, AMAZING prof! Take his course!!,5.0,3.0
Best Prof I've ever had. Do his practice questions and you will kill the course!,4.5,3.0
The best prof I have ever had, completely dedicated to teaching. Unbelievably interesting, blends the nuts of bolts of the suject with relevant examples from today. Psych wasn't my major, but I took every Dr Dick Day course I could take. Sometimes his MC tests got tricky considering the time. For example "Which one of these is not unimportant ?",5.0,3.0
Taken 3n03, 3cc3, 2b03, 1a03/1aa3 with him. Got an A+ in all. By FAR, best lecturer at Mac. Few would dispute this. Amazingly comfortable up there, very entertaining, and knowledgable. Only prof where I've actually taken a class for the prof. Tests are all MC... not everyone does well, but if you're smart, pretty easy as long as you study,5.0,2.0
Great to listen to! Very clear and easy to understand. Tells great stories. Makes the class interesting. All you have to do is take good notes, do his practice tests over and over and you will get an A. That's what I did and aced his class :),4.0,1.0
He is one of the best profs I have ever had! He was extremely interesting and helpful. His tests were super hard but it still ended up being my favorite class. I am definitely looking forward to taking his personality class!,5.0,4.0
Very dedicated. Does not actively research in order to focus on teaching which is a rarity in the academic world. One of the most active and engaging professors going.,5.0,4.0
amazing professors clearly explains all the concepts and theories. makes sure that everyone understands what he he is talking about,5.0,1.0
Amazing prof, by far the best i've had at mac. Uses his experiences to really make his point. Very knowledgable and passionate about what he does.,5.0,3.0
AMAZING PROF!!!!,5.0,4.0
Dr. Day is a great prof!! Going to his lectures is like listening to a story, not like work at all! He records all of his lectures so if you will never miss a class. Material is also very interesting. My favourite prof. I plan on taking all the courses he teaches :),5.0,3.0
LOVE HIM!,5.0,3.0
Day is one of the best profs at mac. Even if you dont remember the materials, it is hard to forget his examples. I am in my 3rd and I still rememeber his examples from 1st yr! His tests are not hard if you study for them. But they are tricky - Need to read b/w the lines. Overall he is he is simply amazing. I never met a person who d.n like Dr. Day,5.0,3.0
Dr Day is a fixture at McMaster. He has been here forever and he seems like a celebrity. He is an absolutely amazing prof. He knows what you're going to ask before you even say the second word of a question. And when he does answer he is entirely knowledgeable and always has a life example to offer. Love him,5.0,4.0
Wonderful professor. Started off as just another elective, and suddenly I formed a new found love for personality, and psychology in general. Extreme knowledgeable and creative individual, who truly has a passion for teaching.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Day loves teaching and makes the subject matter enjoyable. You got to love his socks with sandels,5.0,3.0
Richard Barlow Day is the toughest psychology professor at McMaster University. His Multiple choice exams are very very hard especially for upper year courses.,2.5,5.0
Richard Barlow Day is the toughest psychology professor at McMaster University. His Multiple choice exams are very very hard especially for upper year courses.,2.5,5.0
Dr. Day is amazing prof but his courses are not for the faint hearted. You really need to keep up with the readings and do your readings well ahead of time not night before the test otherwise you're screwed. If you studied hard you will find his tests challenging but fair. It's all multiple choice and well spread out, not just few questions.,5.0,5.0
**** is an amazing psych professor. very knowledgeable and helpful. even though i haven't taken any courses with him since first year psych (on video), 3 years later, i still keep in touch with him.,5.0,3.0
Amazing prof. His tests and exams are all MCQ. You have to know the material really well in order to get good marks, must have done the readings timely and not the day before. Great teaching style.,5.0,4.0
Whatever you're paying this guy, it's not enough.,4.5,2.0
As the Associate Dean of Science he was AWESOME!!,5.0,4.0
He's so cute! I love his videos...he makes psych so interesting! I would totally recommend him to anyone,5.0,2.0
I really enjoyed this course! Dr. Day taught us all the personality theories you can read in all the self-help books on the market right now. The textbook must be read in order to get an A+.,4.0,2.0
Although the midterms were on the difficult side, the final was a breeze! Looking at previous midterms and doing the online questions REALLY help. As many have mentioned, the videos do get kind of dry, but he's a very good speaker and his lessons are clear and structured. If you use the resources he provides for you, you'll do MORE than well.,4.0,1.0
This class rocked. The courseware is like a para-phrased textbook! This was the only course where I got a 95% on one of my exams! Dr.Day is a nutbar in a good way.,5.0,3.0
i had the video lectures in 1a03 as well, and it hasn't gotten much different this semester. the videos allow you to not take as much notes, but then again you're not as interested in class, which is where it really matters. overall pretty good prof and friendly when you meet him in person. maybe i'll actually get the live version in next years.,3.5,3.0
RAWKS,4.0,3.0
Dr. Day is a great prof.The custom courseware is super useful and easy to understand,and the website was a big help with studying.I think he did an awesome job on the video lectures, and the transcripts meant that I could get an awesome mark without taking a single note in class!The only people I know who didn't like the course were total slackers.,5.0,2.0
brutal - stupid video lectures don't keep your interest at all, very scienc-y course. intro psychs suck cause its such a broad overview, but the disconnect with the prof makes it worse. plus i got screwed on the group project both times - got stuck in a group that didnt care and ended up doing all the work just to pass! TA totally unhelpful!,2.0,5.0
i never had him in 1a03 because i took it in the summer. i had him for 2b03 and he's hilarious! we had 2 tests, and the first one i got 65% (i studied so hard for it) and the second one i got 87% (i barely studied for this one)... but yeah, his multiple choice q's are pretty tricky. he's probably the best prof i've had so far.,5.0,3.0
Dr. Day is nice in person when you meet him...there is no real problem with him but more the content in his courses. He is sometimes hard to follow in his lectures and texts and is really harsh on his exams...,3.0,4.0
I'm sure Dr.Day would be a good professor if he wasn't lecturing through those videos.. those vidoes are horrible and put you to sleep. the coursewear is useless.. try a real textbook please.. if you didnt understand soemthign from the lectures you would hope the textbook would clear it up.. WRONG its a repeat of his lecture..and the TA's are usele,2.0,4.0
I love the MC tests, and I thought the video lectures covered everything we needed to know. I like the way he's set up the course, and I found the custom courseware of much value. He's extremely nice, and super helpful!,5.0,2.0
His test and exam were trickster and the video lectures were booooooooooooooooooooooring but he was a nice guy and I thought the material was interesting. He should update the videos lol.,3.5,2.0
How about get rid of the movies?,3.0,2.0
Even the the video lectures are sometimes dry and an 8:30 timeslot is miserable, this is an excellent class and the prof does a good job explaining material.,4.0,2.0
A tough prof (his tests are tough) but he is better than other profs teaching this class. His exams are all multiple choice, so you don't have to worry about doing assignments or writing huge answers,5.0,4.0
his video lectures weren't appealing ... and psychology wasn't exactly for me, but his web site was very extensive and helpful especially when u missed a class or two,3.0,4.0
No Comments,2.0,1.0
Interesting to listen to,4.5,5.0
He is a great lecturer, and if you study his stuff, you'll do well. However, I went and asked him a question four days before an exam, and he told me to 'get lost' and just do the readings. Some people I know have had similar experiences; he tries to come off approachable, but he doesn't actually want to talk to you... He was a real jerk.,2.5,3.0
Dr. Day is brilliant, clear, organized, and helpful. His website has a database of sample questions that are invaluable for study, as well as mp3s of the lectures.His sense of humour, concise explanations, and compelling speaking style make the lectures fly. This course, on personality, is the most interesting I've ever taken.,5.0,3.0
Video lectures not all that appealing, however the prof as a person is very helpful! I think he goes above and beyond to help his students. How many profs at mac spend 20% of their coursewear on how to study and how to succeed. A very helpful prof!!!!,5.0,2.0
If you have a chance take his personality course, you get to see him in person! Great guy, even posts recordings of his lecture on the course website in case you miss a class.,4.5,1.0
I've heard him speak outside of the video lectures and he's a really great guy and I'm sure he's an awesome prof in person but the video lectures bored me! I guess I just don't learn from watching a person on a screen. But the material was interesting and it was a pretty good course overall.,3.5,3.0
hard to judge him just from the video lectures, i think theyre boring as hell, just try not to get the 830 lectures.,3.5,3.0
Dr.Day the best prof. at Mac. He is willing to help out his students, wants them to suceede but his tests are very very hard, mind you that they are all MC questions.,5.0,4.0
Oh, Dr. Dick Day. How I loved it at 8:30AM x 3 in a week! Really the video lectures, I thought, were just bad, didn't learn a thing - except for taste aversion and his experience of peach schnappes as a "youthful university student"! Never going to forget that one!,1.5,5.0
Took course ~10 years ago... sure you are still watching Martin Short in the same videos! Created a great system to teach the country's biggest class at the time (1600 or so was it?). Your experience then (and now) depends a lot on the quality of your TA. I was lucky and mine was fabulous.,4.0,3.0
Dr. Day is kind and eager to help his students. His video lectures are actually funny (be sure to watch out for how he's MUCH younger and less bald in the later video lectures, plus the fact that he SMOKED in some of the videos!! hilarious). his exams are hard but there is no shortage of effort on the department's part to help you to understand.,4.0,4.0
I took his course so long ago some of you others probably weren't even born yet. He was amazing. So much so that I pattern my teaching style after his (yes, I'm rated on this site as well). Dick, you're the best.,5.0,3.0
His exams are quiet tricky and hard but he is a nice prof.,5.0,4.0
Probably the best prof at Mac EVER! Really great attitude! You gotta love this dude!,5.0,4.0
he seems super nice, and like a really cool guy... DICK YOU'RE MY IDOL!!!!!!,5.0,3.0
good prof,5.0,5.0
Excellent prof, even though I only see him through a tv screen. Very accessible. Maintains a great website and responds to emails remarkably quickly. Great prof overall, and funny too!,5.0,3.0
Amazing prof.,4.5,4.0
If you've only seen him in the 1A/AA videos, you ain't seen nothin'. As a lecturer Dr. Day is as good as it gets. He does his best to make class interesting and enjoyable. Just don't expect a free ride with 3 multiple choice tests, they aren't easy.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,4.0
NO MORE VIDEO LECTURES! THEY ARE 20 YEARS OLD- HAVE YOU SEEN DICK DAY RECENTLY!!! THE CLASS IS GREAT, BUT WE SHOULDNT PAY SO MUCH TO WATCH OLD VIDEOS OF DICK SITTING IN HIS OFFICE 20 YEARS AGO.,3.5,2.0
great course,4.5,4.0
get ride of the video lectures, it disconnects the students from the elcturer and therefore has an effect on the learning of the material.,2.0,3.0
He is awesome, and really helpful,5.0,4.0
good prof. Tests/midterm not easy but fair. Do lots of online questions!! Interesting lectures.,5.0,3.0
Amazing prof. Great lecturer. REALLY nice. One of the best I've had so far.,5.0,2.0
He's cute,5.0,4.0
Great guy!,5.0,3.0
I think Dr. Day is one of the best lecturers that McMaster has to offer. In this course (Personality) it is not a video, as in intro psych, and his lectures in person are interesting and exciting and made the course come alive. Personality is a great elective and I would recommend for sure!!,5.0,1.0
awesome prof, interesting course, and multiple choice weren't that hard. Video lectures could put me to sleep once in a while but courseware was all i needed,5.0,1.0
No Comments,3.0,1.0
Amazing prof!!,5.0,3.0
Great prof, caused me to switch majors into psych. His questions arent as bad as everyone says if you study his practice Q's,5.0,2.0
Needs to make tests less difficult.,4.5,5.0
His exams are overly hard.,4.5,5.0
Loves to trick us with his multiple choice questions. Is a little helpful with visuals in his 'lectures' but does not seem enthusiastic about it with his monotonous voice.,2.5,3.0
hes okay,2.5,4.0
Exams are like IQ testing!!!!!,5.0,5.0
Very interesting course, very clear. Lectures were coherent, although exams were difficult. overall a great course to take,5.0,3.0
Amazing prof. The video lectures are awesome. So clear!! He's a cool guy.,5.0,3.0
Nice guy, easy to talk to, HARD Exams for the Personality course,4.5,4.0
the easiest coursee everrrrr. can miss a few classes and it wont matter at all. if u do every question on the online quiz thing ur guranteed a 10.,3.0,1.0
amazing,4.5,2.0
Yeah. He's a decent prof. As long as you study all the material he gives. Never formally met him. ONLINE QUIZZES are KEY!,3.5,3.0
I wasn't really sure how to rate Dr. Day, however decided on 4's. His teaching and videos can be interesting, however there is simply no point in going to class to watch them. You can get A's simply by memorizing the courseware 2 days before the exam.,4.0,1.0
Didn't go to class much but I memorized the coursepack. The exams were pretty tricky and it's a very science related course.,3.0,3.0
Loved the class so much. Video lectures make this class a breeze. You never have to worry about missing a class or two. Beats reading 100s of text book pages. The videos are hillarious and the exam isn't tricky if you know your stuff.,4.5,4.0
Awesome prof!,4.5,2.0
I rarely went to class because the video lectures were so pointless. His multiple choice questions are tricky, so watch out!,1.5,2.0
A little sciency, but necessary. following psych classes are much more interesting. would prefer that he teaches live instead of videos. nice guy-very friendly. enjoyed the course.,4.0,2.0
Did NOT like this course, too science related. Don't have to go to class, just read coursepack,3.0,4.0
Don't bother going to class, just memorize everything in his coursewear. Projects really bring you up.,3.0,2.0
Worst prof I've had this year,1.5,5.0
The exams are a killer. Course is interesting. Take this course in the summer with a different prof. You have to be very smart to get a good grade with this prof.,3.0,4.0
Worst prof in the history of McMaster. Failure rate in his classes is incredibly high. I wish I never came to McMaster!! Makes me hate psychology so much. Don't take this prof's classes. You WILL regret it.,2.0,5.0
After sitting through two whole courses with Dr. Day and writing two of his final exams I will NEVER take a psychology course again. The exams were both extremely difficult, and I found the material to be boring and unhelpful. A big thumbs down.,1.0,5.0
It's a shame that we have those video lectures because Dr. Day would likely be a great teacher in person. Whenever you are unsure of something, don't hesitate to go ask him questions. He's very welcoming.,5.0,2.0
Sorta makes the best of a bad situation. Videos and MC exams are not a great way to learn. Good memory and guessing skills will lead to good mark. I got A by studying the stuff on the site the night before...have since forgotten everything.,4.0,3.0
No Comments,3.5,3.0
The multiple choice is VERY tricky. Did anyone else notice that he has more hair in the 1AA3 lectures?,4.0,1.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
These two courses are interesting but difficult. The exams are BRUTAL and tricky. It kind of sucks having to watch all lectures on a screen, it makes the prof seem that much more inaccessible.,2.5,4.0
Dr Day is the BEST TEACHER EVER! He really loves his subject and his students. We want him to be our grandfather... sweetest guy ever! :),5.0,2.0
The best psych class ever, after 1AA3, loved all the personal touches he added to make sense of the material. The info was so interesting that you didn't really have to study,5.0,2.0
good,2.5,5.0
I LOVE Dr. Dick Day! He is an amazing teacher and a very intelligent man. He breaks things down in his lectures to make them very clear & often provides examples to help you remember. He has made the information available online, and genuinely cares :),5.0,4.0
I see his face on a screen 3 times a week then i see him in person and i feel like i know everthing about him but he doesn't know me at all. you can only take so much of some guys forehead.,4.0,2.0
Studied for a total of 30 hours for the both the exam and midterm combined. Got an A. Take the class and work on your ability to memorize. If you've been paying attention to the discovery channel you'll learn nothing new.,1.0,1.0
Most awful prof that mcmaster is unfortunate to have. Killer exams.....YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED,2.0,5.0
Very helpful teacher, if you go see him!! I had a few questions, took a trip to his office and he explained them all to me. Yes the lectures are a little dry and slightly out of date, but all the material is in the courseware!,5.0,2.0
hard to rank the prof as you will never see him. only visible through video lectures, some which were filmed 20 years ago. hard to make yourself attend lecture as all important info available in courseware.,3.0,3.0
Can you say BORING? Video lectures suck... oh yeah since his lectures are in the custom courseware (basically word for word), no point going to class!!!!,4.0,1.0
MOST BORING PROFESSOR AND CLASS I'VE EVER TAKEN!,2.0,5.0
this class was a ****ing joke, i mean its a video. what more can i say?,3.0,3.0
Very nice guy, funny, good prof, reminds me a lil of Santa Claus hehe,4.5,4.0
alright, stilll,4.5,2.0
The prof only exists on video! If you have the chance, take the night class and see a real human being speak. Overall, the class was pretty easy but after a couple nights of cramming, the material you learned leaves just as fast as it came.,2.5,3.0
He's really good... very funny, makes the class easy to understand and interesting.,5.0,2.0
I really enjoyed this class. I thought the video lectures were a great idea. It beat having to sit in a huge lecture hall where half of the time you can't see anything. His stories were a little freaky though.,5.0,4.0
He's awesome, he cracks joke in videos and is a really approachable interesting man in person. I am not a science student and i easily go the material, maybe just put a little effort in and try!,5.0,3.0
he is not too bad...eventhough i'm not a science student i can handle the stuff that he throws around quite well...:),3.0,2.0
Sometimes long-winded, can be confusing when he stutters... Would be better in person and not on a video screen...,3.0,4.0
I hated this class! Too technical--steer clear!,1.5,4.0
dick day represent yeah yeah video prof what?!,4.0,2.0
How can he ever be called "helpful" when he refuses to meet with first year students!! Arrogant and rude - and at times vulgar. BEWARE! first year students!!,1.0,5.0
He seems nice... on video.,4.0,1.0
No Comments,2.0,3.0
if i wanted bio i would have signed up for bio,3.0,3.0
Dr. Day's course was fun and easy, but it might be challenging for non science students. Study and learn the material inside out, rather than memorizing questions from previous tests.,4.5,1.0
How are other people saying that Day is difficult and unhelpful? His courses are only easy because of the relative facility with which he makes the transitions from topic to topic. In my opinion, this guy is the epitome of what all professors should,5.0,1.0
not helpful, yet teaches easy classes.,3.5,2.0
Not fun at all. Takes the fun out of psychology. Terribly boring. Difficult exams/tests,1.0,5.0
Worst prof ever. Tests are too difficult. Avoid him if you possibly can,2.5,5.0
LOVE DICK DAY,5.0,3.0
No Comments,1.0,5.0
Tests are very thorough..challenging and demanding - gotta know your stuff upside down like REALLY well. Not a great teacher, but his online notes on the website are great and very rigorous. Gotta study really hard cause the multiple choice are tricky!!,3.0,4.0
I was very unhappy with his work.,2.0,3.0
Never saw him come out of the vedio tape even the class is finished~,2.5,3.0
Hello 1967!!! ...This guy seems to exist in later years but rakes in the cash from the first year students. Smart, but pathetic. Would be ok if the T.A.'s were competent.,2.0,2.0
he seems like a nice,5.0,1.0
LEAST HELPFUL PROF EVER,1.0,4.0
the video tapes suck!!! he is not very helpful when you go and talk to him overall class sucks!!,2.5,4.0
OK hello what kind of class is on video tape? he thinks he is doing us a favour by not having large classes but some people learn better when it is an actual person...the videos made me sleep. Courseware sucked...at least get us a textbook to buy! fun,3.5,3.0
Old tests.... Old tests... practice,3.5,2.0
Great prof, entertaining, relates to students,5.0,1.0
Class is pointless 'cause everything is in the courseware and on the net.,3.0,2.0
WIked Prof,5.0,1.0
Super teacher!! VERY knowledgable! Entertaining personal stories!,4.5,3.0
This is the easiest science course ever. The arts people should stop complaining,5.0,1.0
Does this guy really exist? I thought he was computer generated!,3.0,5.0
Santa Clause! Great sense of humour.,5.0,5.0
Lectures boring, courseware helpful, multi-choice tests hard,3.0,4.0
Dr.Day was a great teacher. He was very thorough and provides great examples!,4.0,3.0
Boring videos but courseware and posted transcripts are useful, hard tests,4.5,3.0
Very good use of various multimedia resources for different learning styles,4.0,3.0
Toe nail clipper please! Multiple choice questions are impossible, ease up a bit,2.5,5.0
nice prof, when you actually go and see him. Reviews are useless,3.5,3.0
the voice is a bit boring, but he posts the lecture transcript on the web,3.0,2.0
makes great analogies to make concepts easier to understand.,5.0,2.0
I don't even know this man but i am taking his course... maybe he should show up,1.0,5.0
Great course, makes it very understandable and interesting. Entertaining.,4.0,2.0
his courseware and videos are good, but a prof has gotta GO to class,2.0,4.0
I saw him in person once, he does exist.,3.5,3.0
Good guy, I wish lectures were live...T.A's are no help.,3.0,3.0
Funny guy, test can be nasty,4.5,4.0
He's actually pretty entertaining in person. Very interesting course material.,5.0,3.0
provides good examples (most of the time....),4.5,3.0
i hate those videos! i wish he would teach in person because he seems so kind!,3.0,4.0
What a star!,3.0,5.0
Boring as hell on video, his test will be my death.,2.5,5.0
Passed the class without going to a single video lecture(all lectures are taped,2.5,1.0
i wish he would lecture at least once a term... he's good in person (i hear),3.0,3.0
ai.... Never see him in person, what a big star,2.0,4.0
No Comments,1.5,5.0
Great Prof, Great Course!,5.0,2.0
Cool and good ****,5.0,1.0
the worst prof I've ever known,1.0,5.0
This guy is brilliant, i wish he could teach personally, but with 2100 students.,5.0,3.0
Very smart man with a somewhat dry demeanor. Very informative and very deep in his knowledge.,4.0,5.0
Mr. Waters was and amazing teacher. I learned so much from him. Yes sometimes he can be kind of monotone and boring, but he really cares.,4.5,4.0
If Master Oogway from Kung Fu Panda taught U.S. Government his name would be Harry Waters. Extremely smart and kind, but terribly long winded and monotone. If he could keep my night class in attendance until 11pm I think he would. Keep up with the course requirements (reading & study) and you'll be rewarded with an A+ education.,4.0,4.0
I took a summer class from Waters. He is a very nice teacher. It is true he can be boring, but get him talking about current issues and he'll chase it forever.,5.0,2.0
No Comments,5.0,1.0
I had the privilege of taking four of Mr. Waters' classes. I am now about to graduate with my B.A. from Lindenwood University, and will begin my Master's program in June. Thanks to Mr. Waters I learned to strive for excellence. I will most likely pursue a Ph.D.,5.0,4.0
No Comments,4.0,2.0
Very nice guy. Has control of his class and is very up to date. Well versed in different cultures.,4.0,2.0
Very good professor! If you email him with any questions, he answers very quickly. He made the class enjoyable and made sure that we understood what was being taught.,5.0,3.0
I've taken Dixon for Evolution, Eukaryotic Diversity, and Animal Diversity Lab (none of them by choice)and I wouldn't recommend him. He is painfully uninteresting and his exams are weirdly worded and intentionally frustrating. No one goes to his classes and he struggles to keep students engaged.,2.0,4.0
I started with a D+ and was frustrated at first. But Dixon pushed me to apply myself. He's a hard-knock teacher and the class isn't a breeze but it was so worth it. Don't miss class, take notes, study hard, and you'll pass with flying colors! Dixon is very passionate, organized, and specific about what's going to be on the tests.,5.0,4.0
Passionate in teaching in all his classes. He makes it clear what topics will be on the test; as long as you write down notes, study, participate, you will get an A. You won't be called out in class to answer questions, they are voluntary (important for grade) I have bad anxiety but i was very comfortable in his class. Highly recommend.,5.0,3.0
Good instructor, I learned a lot and had fun. He outlines expectations very well, so if you do the work and study, you will pass. Would definitely take another course taught by Mr. Dixon.,5.0,3.0
Amazing person! I learned so much from him. If you do what he says you will pass. I went away with gim being my favorite teacher! He puts things into awesome clarity.,5.0,3.0
Great Professor, very helpful. Fun class, but can get super boring at times. Many have fallen asleep in lecture- but very few times. Lab is tough, and the exams are tough. If you study- you should be fine. Fetal Pig dissection is mandatory so keep that in mind.,4.0,2.0
Very thorough in explaining things, makes learning easy. He is very approachable also. GREAT TEACHER!!,5.0,2.0
I really enjoy his teaching style he keeps class fun. I don't like the fact that you have to give the reason you picked your answer on the self quizzes though. Oh well.,5.0,3.0
I had Mr. Dixon last semester. I now got to SMS. Looking back Mr. Dixon has been one of the best teachers I have ever had. His classes are very interesting and I am glad that I had him. I still use the information that he taught us.,5.0,3.0
Very interesting class!,4.0,2.0
